[{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"A God Among Insects","Author":"Terra Banks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7921226","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : I don't own the movie Gamer or the song. Author's note : I just like giving villains female companions. It's a fun experiment. :D . A God Among Insects ~.~ \"You're late,\" He said, not taking his eyes off the screen. \"I know,\" The visitor replied, as the door locked into place behind them. \"I blame security.\" \"No excuse for tardiness,\" He scolded lightheartedly. It wasn't like they talked much while the program was running anyway, unless he was pointing out some new feature. Gesturing to the table in front of the sofa he was seated upon, he invited, \"Help yourself.\" His guest poured themselves some coke and sat down beside him, grabbing a few potato crisps. \"I'm surprised you still like to do this.\" \"Do what?\" He asked vaguely, the session was seconds away from ending. \"Watch,\" the other replied. \"Doesn't it get boring?\" \"Darling if I didn't find my creation interesting, well I wouldn't be sponsoring it anymore now would I?\" Castle drawled out, leaning into the couch and resting his arms on top of it. He looked away from the super-sized computer monitor as the screen flashed 'Game Over', to find his companion looking right back at him. \"Does it bore you?\" \"Don't get me wrong the technology is brilliant and everything but its just guns, explosions and blood. It gets repetitive.\" The woman expressed in a non-confrontational manner. \"Then you deserve a round of applause for sitting through it with me countless times. You ought to go into acting; I had no clue you hated what I do for a living,\" He confessed dramatically with a grin on his face, turning his body to face her. As she scrutinized that response, she noticed his shirt was unbuttoned. \"I don't hate it; I'm just not a huge fan of it.\" She clarified. \"Why didn't you ever say anything?\" He asked still merry, genuinely curious. It was a little creepy how he was almost always happy these days- you could never tell if he was acting. \"When you have nothing nice to say...\" She quoted. \"Wow I can't believe I never noticed that!\" Castle exclaimed. \"I must be getting sloppy.\" \"Maybe it's the nanites taking up all your brain space.\" She joked, tapping her own head. Maybe it was those infernal things that made him turn into what he was now but she couldn't fool herself. Castle had never cared about the worth of human life or the limits of scientific experimentation. The only thing different about him now was his new-found bad boy attitude, the things he joked about and a laid-back ease that came after success. Back when he had something to prove to the world, he was always busy working hard and diligently. He was a dedicated inventor and passionate about nanotechnology. His passion was one of the things that she had liked about him back when they first met. His sense of humor and vivacity probably had something to do with it too. \"Hey, keep that on the down-low!\" He warned; a twinge of good humor attached to the serious statement. \"What else don't you like about it?\" She raised an eyebrow. Did he really think she was stupid enough to answer that? She hoped he wasn't asking so he could convince her otherwise. His charm was nowhere near as effective on her as it was on the rest of the female population. \"It would really help understand your demographic.\" He appealed. Well, it couldn't hurt. He never really got mad at her for giving her frank opinion on something and she wasn't afraid of him anyway. The reason she never talked about this before was because she didn't think it'd help him improve his system and didn't want to pointlessly criticize it. \"I guess the fact that there's no real purpose of the whole thing. No one ever gets out.\" She shrugged. \"Kable is well on his way.\" He pointed out. \"Castle,\" She began quietly, leaning in and maintaining eye contact. \"We both know he's never going to win that last game. You can fool the rest of the world but not me.\" He almost forgot she knew about the truth about Tillman. He remembered explaining it to her when he had showed her his adopted daughter. She had gotten along well with Delia- he had recalled her saying she was good with kids ages before that. \"You've never approved of that either have you?\" Castle accused, starting to get suspicious. She really couldn't help but answer that one wholeheartedly. \"Tillman never did anything to hurt you. You used him as a test subject, made him kill his best friend and then you didn't even have the decency to just kill him and say it was a double shoot out or something!\" She pointed out with hand gestures, seeming incredulous that she was explaining this in the first place. \"You put him in Slayers so he could rack up your revenue and amuse you at the same time. You took in his daughter, which might've been a mercy, but it still screams out that you have a personal grudge against the guy. I'm surprised you didn't marry his wife!\" There. It was out in the open. \"Believe me sweetheart the only woman I'll ever think about marrying someday is you.\" He winked flirtatiously before becoming serious again. \"If you don't like me, you can walk out that door and never look back.\" She hesitated. \"I don't think it was smart of you to leave a loose end alive this long and I don't like how you've treated him.\" \"Then why are you still here?\" He asked impatiently, the look in his eye that of a wounded lion. She took a deep breath. \"You might be a crazy psychopath but you're my crazy psychopath. Now I don't know when you're going to jump off the deep end and go completely insane but until then, I'll be here.\" Her words calmed him down again. Castle was reminded of why he enjoyed her company; she was an honest, loyal person who wasn't scared of him. Well she had no reason to be- he had no intention of hurting her and more to the point, he didn't have actual control over her since she'd never injected with or exposed to nanites. It felt nice to know that there was at least one person he could trust, even if she didn't share in his beliefs. He'd never told her about his bigger plans though he suspected she wouldn't be surprised when he did tell her. The woman had amazing intuition, it was almost like she was precognitive! He leaned in to kiss her but she pushed him away laughing. \"That doesn't mean you're going to get laid, evil genius.\" He grinned, buttoning up his shirt. \"We'll see about that. I have an interview with Gina Parker Smith in an hour. Maybe she'll be interested in a private after-party.\" She smiled back, with a look that told him she wasn't buying it. \"Gina is a perceptive woman. I think her instinct will tell her to turn you down.\" \"I can be very charming.\" He argued, getting up and brushing himself off. \"See you tomorrow?\" \"Day after,\" She amended. \"I'm busy tomorrow.\" Castle kissed the back of her hand in goodbye and walked out of the room. Sometimes she wondered why she stayed with him. It definitely wasn't for the money or luxury. Castle did give her the most outrageously extravagant gifts for her birthday- the house she was living in now, a new car, etc., and when he went travelling on his private jet he usually invited her along. It was nice and everything but she could live without it. She inherited enough to be stable for the rest of her life on a middle class level, even if she didn't work a single day. She was grateful for the trust fund security since it had allowed her to take up a career she liked. Did her commitment to an old friend blind her from the evils she was permitting? No she saw it all. Then why did she pretend like she didn't know where he'd end up taking this? He was after world conquest, she just knew it. Nothing less would be enough for him. It wasn't a question of greed, it was a test of ability. On succeeding, he'd probably have most of the human population literally under his control and the rest subdued- closer to being a God than any man had before. If this was someone else she'd be out there fighting them- exposing them -right this instant. Maybe it was how she could not let herself falter when it came to her principles- you didn't betray a friend when they've done nothing but be good to you. Maybe it was pity- if she wasn't there for him, who would be? The more important question, however, was how much longer he was going to be there. She had a dream last night about Kable. Change was coming; she could feel it in the air. You could never keep a secret buried forever. It was only a matter of time before the mayhem descended. She'd be ready and waiting, but she'd already decided that this wasn't going to be her battle. Only one of them would come out on top, Kable or Castle. It was winner takes all and the stakes were higher than anyone else knew. She'd let fate play out and watch from the sidelines. If Castle lost, she would mourn her friend (and applaud Kable for doing the near-impossible). If he won, she would stay by his side for as long as she could bear to. So ironic how I wrote this. I didn't think I was going to write OCs ever again but here I am... doing just that. In my defense, I didn't even give her a name. I don't know how popular the Gamer fandom is (this will probably be fic no. 30) but if any one does read this, please review! ~Terra Banks ","Summary":" Disclaimer : I don't own the movie Gamer or the song. Author's note : I just like giving villains f"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"I'm the gamer, you're the puppet","Author":"Birds Ate My Face","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5878114","Passage":"[Chapter 1] GAMER I 'm the gamer, you're the puppet A Simon aún se le antojaba rara aquella rutina en la que, en vez de cargarse a unos cuantos convictos en la comodidad de su habitación, se preparaba un bocadillo de crema de pistachos con mermelada de uva con el objetivo de reponer fuerzas para seguir estudiando ingeniería mecánica. ¿Simon Silverton agarrando un libro de texto con intenciones de leerlo y no de garabatearlo entero con motivos obscenos y sexuales? Increíble, pero cierto, aunque no por eso noble. Simon estaba haciendo lo que cualquier enfermo de cáncer haría en el caso de saber que le quedaba un mes de vida; enmendar sus errores, y es que tras el asesinato retransmitido en directo ante millones de personas de Ken Castle, Simon Silverton había sido acusado de cómplice del homicidio a mano armada. Después de todo, matar a alguien es un delito, por mucho que la persona asesinada se lo mereciese. John Tillman, antes conocido como Kable, había sido inculpado de este crimen, pues según los jueces, había sido homicidio involuntario, ya que había sido la mano de Simon la que controlaba el cuchillo, y no la de Tillman, por muchas ganas que tuviese este último de acabar con su vida. El chico ya tenía la edad legal estipulada por la ley como para ingresar en la cárcel, y el último juicio se celebraba en media hora, en él se consideraría si Simon era culpable o inocente. Simon podía ser un completo ignorante, pero tenía bien clara una cosa; sabía perfectamente que tenía el caso perdido. Una parte del jurado seguía pensando que, aunque fuese por una buena causa, aquel chico había asesinado indirectamente, por lo que alegaban que podía hacerlo en posteriores situaciones con la misma excusa. Simon no pudo aguantarse la risa en aquel momento, y aquello no es que le diese muchos puntos a su favor, por otra parte algunas personas estaban resentidas por el hecho de que innovaciones tecnológicas como Society y la posibilidad de interactuar de forma directa con los ordenadores habían desaparecido de la faz de la tierra, pues sin Ken Castle ni ningún sucesor el cual manejar aquello no podía seguir existiendo aquella tecnología. ¿A quién le importaba que Tillman y Silverton hubieran salvado al mundo de convertirse en unos asquerosos robots? Después de todo, ellos no habían pedido que hiciesen nada... Aunque sin ninguna duda lo necesitasen. Por alguna extraña razón, a Simon no le importaba ser encarcelado al día siguiente durante los próximos veinte años por un delito trivial comparado con el Destino de la humanidad. Es más, casi lo estaba deseando. Simon Silverton era una oveja descarriada, sin Slayers no era nadie. Antes lo tenía todo; dinero, fama, chicas... Ahora su padre le había cortado el grifo, Tillman se había llevado toda la fama por él y a las tías no les interesaba juntarse con un asesino –por mucho que por dentro les excitase aquella idea—, así que prefería meterse en una cárcel a estar días y días planteándose dónde caer muerto. Sin duda, aquello de tener una cama, por muy incómoda que fuese, y comida gratis durante los próximos veinte años era una idea tentadora y un buen negocio para Simon. Simon se chupó los dedos tras comerse la última miga del bocadillo y caminó rumbo a su habitación, aunque no llegó a pisar la entrada hecha de pantalla de humo cristalizado cuando retumbó el timbre de la puerta principal por todo su apartamento. El chico arqueó una ceja y se frotó las Adidas negras, maldiciendo por lo bajo. Joder, ¿no decían que la vista no era hasta dentro de veinte minutos? Putos maderos... Simon agarró el frío pomo de la puerta, lo giró y tiró de ella. Cuál fue su sorpresa al encontrarse en el umbral de la puerta a John Tillman con la expresión alerta y ceñuda de siempre, dedicándole una imperceptible sonrisa. Tillman, su psicópata, con el que había desmenuzado a tantos convictos en una ocasión. Simon sonrió de lado, entrecerrando los ojos. Menus ¿Qué? Menudillos, croquetitas y trocitos. Cachos, pedazos por todas partes. ¡Son humanos de verdad, capullo! —¿Ya has venido a darme el pésame, gilipollas? Simon se dio la vuelta y caminó descalzo a través del pasillo del apartamento, dejándole permiso a Tillman para que entrase. Simon estaba enfadado con él. Más que enfadado, estaba seguro de que como aquel hombre permaneciese más de cinco minutos en su casa le tiraría encima la mesa o algún objeto que causase un dolor considerable. No le había perdonado que le dejase con el culo al aire en el primer juicio. Más que el hecho de que cargase él con todas las culpas, era por la humillación del momento. Que se escuchasen susurros por toda la sala en plan maricón hormonado dirigiéndose a Simon en el momento en el que Tillman decía que él no tenía consciencia sobre sí mismo cuando Simon atravesó la barriga de Ken Castle no es que fuese muy alentador. Aunque el chico sabía que lo decía porque tenía una familia a la que cuidar y no podía permitirse alejarse de ella de nuevo, no podía evitar sentirse decepcionado, después de todo lo que habían pasado juntos... Bueno, Tillman/Kable luchando por su vida en un combate arrasador que para Simon no era más que un simple juego de ordenador. ¿Qué más daba? Total, era lo mismo... Psicópatas del corredor de la muerte. ¿Y qué? Total, se lo merecían. ¿No? Supongo que eso me lo aplicas a mí también. —En realidad, he venido a decirte que los que quedamos de Humanz hemos iniciado una investigación por nuestra cuenta. Estamos intentando averiguar alguna cláusula que te exculpe de todos los cargos. —¿Acaso quieres una puta medalla?—preguntó Simon en su habitual tono sarcástico mientras desenroscaba la tapa de un bote de Sunny Delight. El último que tomaría en mucho tiempo. Tillman observó aquel apartamento descolocado con la misma expresión seria de siempre, pero pensando en que aquel niño requería un espabilo si no quería acabar devorado por las ratas y las cucarachas. —Oye, capullo. No voy a discutir contigo, sabes por qué hice lo que hice. Pienso enmendarlo, así que no seas crío y aguanta el tipo el tiempo que estés en la cárcel. —Claro, para ti es fácil decirlo... —¿Crees que para alguien que ha pasado dos años encarcelado por un delito que no cometió y por el cual fue metido en un programa de experimentos y acabó convertido en la marioneta de un titiritero adolescente constantemente asomado al abismo de la muerte es fácil decirlo? Estás muy equivocado, chaval.—Tillman sonrió de lado al comprobar que había quedado sin palabras al impertinente de Silverton, el cual desvió la mirada, apretando los labios. Tillman se acercó a él y le revolvió los pelos.—Estamos de tu parte, puto mocoso, pero tienes que colaborar. —Vale, lo capto, joder... Déjame la puta cabeza en paz. Tillman desvaneció la sonrisa y se fue alejando de él a medida que contemplaba el piso, caminando hacia la puerta. —Yo que tú le daba un buen repaso a tu vocabulario... Y al apartamento. Huele como si se hubieran meado cien mofetas encima. —Huele igual que tu culo, así que no tendrás problemas en identificar el olor.—dijo Simon sonriente. Tillman hizo lo mismo, aunque no sabía muy bien porqué lo hacía. Simon se había convertido de repente en casi un hijo para él. Después de todo... Eso de que estuviesen dentro de tu cabeza durante medio año, dejaba huella. Sí, pero tú eres diferente. ¿Diferente? ¿En qué? —Suerte. Nos veremos pronto. —Con un poco de suerte no vuelvo a oler tu asqueroso culo cerca. —Que te jodan.—dijo el hombre, pero antes de salir, volvió a mirar al chico una vez más.—Recuerda, tú decides lo que haces a partir de ahora. Si causas buena impresión, quizá incluso te dejen libre sin necesidad de que... —Calla, desgraciado. Yo soy el jugador, elijo mis propios movimientos... Tú tan solo eres la marioneta, no ejerces ningún poder sobre mí. Tillman observó más minuciosamente al chico, pero no tenía ninguna muestra de altaneria, ni de sarcasmo... Ni siquiera de burla. Sonreía, y lo hacía de forma tan sincera que Tillman no pudo hacer otra cosa que contestar a aquel gesto. Simon podía ser un prepotente, un creído, un imbécil y un cabrón... Pero sabía afrontar al Destino casi igual que él, quizá por eso ya lo consideraba parte suya. Sabía que estaría bien allá donde fuera, aunque fuese una asquerosa y húmeda cárcel. No sé, porque eres mi psicópata. Piénsalo, Kable. Toda la mierda que hemos pasado juntos. Una auténtica racha épica. Será una mierda cuando se acabe. ¿Estás de coña o qué? Ya entiendo que para ti es diferente. —Adiós, Simon. Y cerró la puerta tras de sí. Simon suspiró, metiéndose la mano en los Adidas negros, y escuchó la sirena de un coche de policía. Asomó la cabeza por la ventana y pudo observar como dos policías, un hombre y una mujer, entraban en su piso. Observó sus pintas de estar por casa y suspiró de nuevo, sonriendo. —Bueno, vamos allá.—dijo poniéndose las zapatillas de deporte que estaban tiradas en el suelo sin calcetines. No se vestiría como un grandísimo hipócrita para aparentar lo que no era, afrontaría la situación como un valiente. Hizo un saludo militar a la casa mientras salía, como despidiéndose de ella por una buena temporada.—Va por ti, Kable. Y cerró la puerta como minutos antes había hecho Tillman, sabiendo que, al menos una persona, le había dado las gracias sin palabras, pero de corazón, por el acto cometido apenas hacía unas semanas, el acto que había estructurado de nuevo el mundo partido en dos en el que se había convertido el ahora planeta Tierra, antes imperio del terror de Ken Castle. GAME OVER ","Summary":" GAMER I 'm the gamer, you're the puppet A Simon aún se le antojaba rara aquella rutina en la que, e"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"The Spectator","Author":"Tyloric","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5380390","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Spectator By Tyloric Story Lottery Prompt #22: A Second One second… two… three… The door was right in front of him now. A foreign emotion swept over him and he wasn't sure what it was. He'd never felt this before. Anxiety? No, not even close. Fear? Maybe, possibly. Four… His hand gripped the door knob, turning it in a fluid and completely artificial movement. And there he was, sitting at the table, looking entirely bored out of his mind, rubbing his knuckles against his beard. His hair was combed back and stuck in place by who knows what kind of hair products. His beard was trimmed and organized. His muscles ripped, defined, and bugling. He was a pretty boy, and he knew it; a real ladies man. Five… Scotch noticed him the moment the door swung open. His face brightened and a grin spread across it. Happy, that's what Scotch was, genuinely happy to see him, his best friend, his pal, his buddy, and his brother-in-arms. Six… And in that moment, at seeing the happiness his mere presence caused his friend, he knew what this new emotion was. At being unable to do anything about the situation, being unable to prevent it, he knew. His feet stepped toward the chair at the other side of the table and he sat down. Seven… He was terrified. He was filled with absolutely pure terror. He wanted to scream at Scotch, to warn him. Get away! He yelled inside his head at full volume. Run! Get away from me! He beat against the glass wall of his mind with all his strength, but it didn't do him any good. His face remained completely neutral. Eight… He gave his friend a curt, stiff nod. \"Scotch.\" His voice said. Scotch would know something was wrong, wouldn't he? He would be able to tell he wasn't acting like himself. Maybe, just maybe. Nine… Scotch's mood went from bored to excited in the blink of an eye. \"Tillman.\" He breathed, his voice filled relief and complete joy. Please, god, run. He tried to say. But they wouldn't let him, couldn't. He could feel the tingling in the back of his skull. The buzz of their silent presence in his head was nearly deafening. Ten… eleven… twelve… Scotch started rattling on about what they had been doing to him over the past few weeks. The blood work, the injections, the scans, the experiments. Tillman knew all of this already. He had undergone the same treatments. Maybe even more than that. Thirteen… fourteen… fifteen… His eyes betrayed no emotion. His face was utterly neutral. His posture was stiff and rigid. Sixteen… The gun that pressed up against his lower back felt like it was burning a hole in his body, demanding to be noticed, to be used. He was so utterly aware of its presence, of how he was going to use it, forced to use it, that he would probably be in a ball of the floor crying his eyes out if he had control. Seventeen… Maybe if he tried hard enough he could point the gun at himself… Eighteen, nineteen. \"Hey.\" Scotch frowned. \"You okay, man?\" Twenty. \"Fine.\" Twenty-one. Scotch narrowed his eyes and raised an eyebrow unbelievingly. He can tell, Tillman knew he would be able too! He felt a surge of hope. Just maybe. Twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four. But then a grin spread across Scotch's face and any hope he had had vanished. \"Are you getting out of here, you son of a bitch?\" He asked mischievously. Twenty-five. \"I'm not getting out.\" He deadpanned. He beat against the walls, harder, harder , and against all odds he was able to fracture the glass. He felt it; he felt the control slip just a little. Keep going, keep trying. Twenty-six. \"Okay…\" Scotch trailed off, looking confused now. Twenty-seven. Tillman sighs, sounding almost annoyed and reached behind his back. His fingers wrap against the gun, and he gives another push at the glass. He hand hesitates for a fraction of a second… but then pulls it out and places it on the table. When Scotch sees it, he frowns worriedly. Twenty-eight. \"What… what's the gun for, Till?\" His voice cracks ever so slightly. No one else would ever have noticed it, but Tillman did. After how long he had known his best friend he was able to pick up on things like that. Things like fear. Twenty-nine. Tillman just shrugs. Thirty, thirty-one. \"Seriously man, what's it for?\" He voice gets just a little bit more desperate. Thirty-two He grips the gun tighter. It feels like fire in his hand. Thirty-three \"I'm sorry…\" he chokes out. The glass is fixing itself. He pounds against it, desperate, pleading. Don't do this! Thirty-four \"I can't… I can't control it… they're… in my head.\" Thirty-five \"Tillman, you are seriously freaking me out. Just… put the gun away…\" Scotch tries to reason. THIRTY-SIX He raises the gun. \"I'm so sorry.\" It shakes in his hand as he pounds as the glass with every last bit of strength he has, trying so desperately to resist their control. But he's not strong enough… not strong… THIRTY-SEVEN \"N-no!\" Scotch stammers, jumping back, the chair sliding slightly. He's raised his hands, attempting to shield himself. THIRTY-EIGHT \"I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry. \" He's crying now, tears streaming down his face. But he doesn't choke, sob, or pout. His face is neutral. They won't even give him that much. He pounds at the glass, trying, trying so hard, trying to get through, turn the gun on himself, anything. But he's losing… losing ... THRITY-NINE \"Till, man, please-\" Forty… The gun goes off, and the room falls into an eerie silence. He loses track of time then, just staring, staring at the gaping hole in Scotch's head. He feels it slipping, his mind, going. He's so stunned that everything goes numb. The gun drops from his hand on to the table with a thunk. Drip… drip… drip… Staring… just… staring… at his best friend… his pal… his buddy… his brother-in-arms… ","Summary":" The Spectator By Tyloric Story Lottery Prompt #22: A Second One second… two… three… The door was ri"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"Blue Eyes","Author":"Tread Softly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6772503","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : Blue Eyes Author : Tread Softly / lielac Rated : T (sensuality, language) Disclaimer : I don't own/have anything to do with the movie Gamer. Archiving : Usually anywhere, just ask first. Simon is not what Kable expected. Some programmer geek with glasses. A retainer. Maybe even suspenders. But not this. This has Kable beside himself. Simon is average height for a boy his age, but that's about where the average ends. He's got pale skin, porcelain almost, skin that speaks volumes to hours upon hours spent indoors. He's lanky, thin. Simon is built like a sylph, all slender lines and tenuous contours. At the moment those contours are encased in a loose fitting tank adorned with acid-washed grey stripes and a (very) tight pair of jeans. The jeans, like a second skin, taper down his lissome legs ending at a pair of unassuming sneaker-clad feet. All of this is aesthetically pleasing, Kable loathes to admit, but none of it is what has caught his attention so ardently. It's the eyes. Simon's eyes. They are blue, but to simply state their color seems the understatement of the millennia. Simon's eyes are blue like the cloudless summer sky would envy, blue like the entire ocean frozen over, blue like all the hearts this cocky kid must be breaking on a daily basis. And he probably doesn't even know it. It's the eyes, you see. Kable can't take his own off them. Neither of them speak, which is not so shocking really, as they hadn't done a lot of that to begin with. But the situation begs words, begs action , and both seem paused in place, stuck to the floor like drying cement. Simon breaks first. \"Kable...\" His voice is low, but rich like mahogany, and Kable thinks it might be rather idiotic to compare someone's voice to a genre of wood -and fuck it all, those eyes are watching him, all innocent and wide and begging for a confirmation. For a moment his mood shifts - this dizzying sense of pleasant surprise is replaced with something akin to rage and all the sudden his feet are no longer cemented to the ground. He's moving forward before he can stop himself. There's something about Simon, about that exact innocence in those cerulean depths that has Kable reeling. It's unfair. It's cheap and disgusting. It is, in every sense of the word, wrong that this kid gets to maintain his innocence, his wide-eyed trepidation after what he's done... What he's done through Kable's own hands. Simon has killed. Simon has murdered. Simon has maimed . But by the gleaming in those pretty blue eyes, you'd think he'd never given it a fleeting thought. My psycho. The words echo in Kable's head as he takes the boy by the wrists. Simon lets out a startled gasp, struggling only for a moment before going still in Kable's rough grip. He knows he's no match in strength or stamina for the older man. He can only hope that Kable has finally shown up with some intention other than killing him. He has his reasons why, Simon feels, even if they'd be falsely projected. Simon had put him through literal hell, and all for the sake of his own entertainment and status. But he has reasons not to as well, Simon thinks desperately, remembering their last moments together as player and slayer. It's not a difficult thing to remember - it haunts Simon. It's there when he closes his eyes, it wakes him in a cold sweat from frenetic bouts of sleep, and it reminds him daily, constantly of the bond he shares with the other man. He had waited. Simon had waited for Kable. He didn't know how or when but he had believed, eventually, the ex-convict would turn up. Sooner or later, Simon would tell himself. He had to. He couldn't just leave it at that. They couldn't just leave it at that. Something was missing, something unfinished. In all honesty, after that day, after Kable was free and he disappeared, Simon had felt hollow. It was as if someone had severed his umbilical. Simon felt cold and incomplete. He had tried to fill his days with mindless and/or mind-numbing activity, but nothing was ever the same. Nothing took his mind too far from the slayer. So he waited. And now here he was. \"You're here,\" Simon breathes the obvious, wrists bruising under Kable's unforgiving touch. He can't bring himself to really care. But that's all it seems to take. Just like that Kable releases him and stalks away, putting ample distance between himself and the sinful teen. Simon eyes him warily, moving slowly around the steel kitchen island between them. He picks nervously at the crust of the pistachio and grape sandwich he had been making when Kable had unceremoniously invited himself in. \"Where are your parents?\" Kable demands, voice rough and graveled but like music to Simon's ears because it's the only one he's wanted to hear for so long. He laughs in reply, the sound somewhat more bitter than he'd like. Kable looks none-too-amused with the answer. \"Your guess is as good as mine,\" Simon supplies, eyes dropping to the cool counter. He's normally not shy, not in the least. Simon is good with communication, he's good at manipulation and getting what he wants. Simon's never at a loss for remark, but here, now, in the presence of Kable he finds himself stricken. The older man sighs, running his hand through his short, cropped hair and over the stubble on his face as though he is tired. Probably not far from the truth, Simon thinks. He probably doesn't get much sleep either. \"You live here alone?\" Kable asks, surveying the luxurious modern digs around him. Simon merely shrugs. \"It suits me.\" \"You don't know what suits you, you're 16,\" Kable scoffs. \"17,\" Simon corrects, ice-blue eyes snapping to meet Kable's gaze across the room. \"And I'm fine on my own. Always have been. I prefer it, actually.\" Kable takes it in, the moody admissions, and the way the kid's whole body seems to tense, suggesting the conversation has breached uncomfortable territory. Then again, what could they possibly have to talk about that, by anyone's standard definition, would be considered comfortable ? \"Why are you here?\" Simon asks fiercely, and for a moment Kable is taken back by the aggression in his tone. \"I can go,\" Kable offers. \"No, I just...\" Simon trails, biting sharply into his lower lip. A lip, Kable notices, that is pink, fleshy, and plump. He wishes he hadn't noticed that. \"Why now?\" Simon finishes, eyes still lowered, refusing to meet Kable halfway. So Kable closes in, forgetting for a moment why he put space between them at all. \"I felt like I owed it to you,\" Kable murmurs, only a few feet behind Simon now. The teen turns to face him, but his eyes, those devastating blue orbs, stay level with Kable's chest. \"And now that you've seen me?\" Simon beckons, pearly teeth releasing his battered lip. Kable doesn't answer. Can't answer. If he said aloud what he was truly thinking (and wanting) it would make the idea seem all the more criminal. Still, there's no denying it. Simon and Kable move like magnets, they always have. No matter the miles, the fucking pixels between, they are drawn effervescently to this - this as of yet unnamed chemical reaction that demands their exploration. \"I tried to stay away,\" Kable says quietly, reaching forward to ever-so-gently place his hands over the boy's narrow hips. He takes a step closer and Simon allows it whilst attempting to swallow his racing heartbeat. \"Look at me,\" Kable rasps and when those blue depths meet his it's all over. Every conventional fiber in his body is telling him to turn and walk away, to leave this kid behind and never look back, but his resolve is crumbling and all he wants to do is give in, submit to this hysterical control Simon has over him. He cups the younger male's face in his large calloused hands, running the pads of his thumbs over flawless pale cheeks and beneath glossy questioning eyes. \"I missed you,\" Simon whispers, unmindful of whether or not it's even possible to miss someone you'd never technically met before. His eyes slip shut of their own accord as Kable closes the air between them. \"Cut me loose,\" Kable implores against Simon's lips, his warm breath parting them. He teases the petal-pink flesh, brushing against the folds but avoiding full-contact with them. A strong hand threads into bed-mussed chocolate brown hair. \"Never again,\" Simon gasps and then Kable's mouth finally descends over his. He moans faintly as Kable's hands drop away from his face to return to his hipbones where they tighten appreciatively. The slayer presses the teen back against the island, cupping the supple curve of the younger man's ass as he thrusts his tongue into the warm cavern of Simon's eager mouth. They duel for a while, slick appendages curling and sliding in a heated dance, but eventually Simon relinquishes power, embracing his place in this new game. The tables have turned and he couldn't be happier. He doesn't miss a beat when Kable suddenly lifts him, easily transferring the boy's weight from the floor to the cluttered counter. The kiss never breaks, not even when Kable slides a hand up one of Simon's denim-covered thighs and spreads his legs, stepping between them. With Simon perched on the island, and Kable between his delicate limbs, they are perfectly matched, level, and balanced. As Kable slips an expert hand underneath the hem of his shirt to caress the smooth skin there, Simon realizes he doesn't feel so empty anymore, so unfinished. He feels like beginning all over again, and so he smiles under Kable's affections. If Kable could hear Simon's thoughts in his head, he'd probably agree with the sentiment. But wait, they've already done that. And besides, with those eyes, Kable figures the boy won't need to use words that often anyways. Hope you guys enjoyed it! There's not enough Gamer fic out there, and certainly not enough Kable/Simon! I'm just happy to do my part. I'd like to write more on this pairing...let me know if you're interested! ;) ","Summary":" Title : Blue Eyes Author : Tread Softly / lielac Rated : T (sensuality, language) Disclaimer : I do"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"Meeting Finally","Author":"FoxxFlame","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5537410","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been almost an entire month since Kable had escaped the horrible game. He knew he hadn't done it alone. The rebel's leader had helped, along with his crew, and that one news reporter, but the biggest help had come from the boy. Simon. The one who had controlled him on all those \"missions\", the one who had helped him drive the knife into Ken Castle's stomach, the one who had given him free reign of his body on the day he's escaped. But for all the things Simon had done, Kable still hadn't met the boy. He wanted to, but he didn't know how. But that would all change today. Trace, the only surviving member of Humanz, had managed to get a hold of Simon, and the boy was just as thrilled to meet Kable as Kable was to meet Simon. The meeting was set in an old library that hardly anyone came to anymore. Kable paced up and down the aisle, wondering if he'd gotten the wrong time or the wrong place, when he turned around, to pace back up, and saw a young boy standing at the beginning of the aisle. He was tall, pale, with blue eyes and black hair, wearing converse, blue jeans, a white tee-shirt and a red windbreaker. \"Kable?\" The boy asked, stepping forward. \"Simon?\" Kable asked, stepping forward as well. The boy smiled and nodded. \"It's good to finally meet you face to face.\" Simon said, sticking his hand out. But that wouldn't be enough for Kable. He wrapped his arms around the boy, who was actually almost as tall as him. Simon went stiff for a minute, but then he relaxed and hugged Kable back. \"Thank you Simon.\" \"No problem John.\" And a great and powerful friendship was born. ","Summary":" It had been almost an entire month since Kable had escaped the horrible game. He knew he hadn't don"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"The iTunes Complex","Author":"Cracktastical","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6313033","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Notes: So, I'm finally not busy, and have time to write things. Unfortunately, my muse is a dying horse, and I need to bring it back. To do this, I decided to do this meme thing for a new fandom, Kable/Simon, from the movie Gamer . I'll be updating 20k in Thirty Days soon, don't worry. The challenge is to write ten drabbles, using ten songs. You're only allowed to write each drabble in the time duration of each song, though, so it was pretty hard. Unbeta'd, so all mistakes are mine. Disclaimer: They were mine, but then I woke up. The iTunes Complex A Set of Drabbles for Gamer The Only Exception – Paramore Kable knew that this Slayers thing was a load of crap. He was a prisoner , for God's sake, and the mere fact that his body would be controlled by someone else was not a very comforting thing. He's gone through some levels without so much of a scratch, of course, but that's probably out of the sheer luck of his Player. Who this player is, Kable has no idea. Lately he's been wondering, and his head gives him images of a boy with high-waist pants, thick-rimmed glasses, and enough orthodontia to warrant twenty grand. Kable would have seethed in jealousy if it mattered, but right now, it didn't. When he dodged bullets and killed people, in that weird way where every part of him was there but not his , he felt this weird sense of elation. Who was that on the other side? Who was giving him the ability to do this without missing? It's probably a video game nerd. Most likely someone who's a professional Defense of the Ancients player, with a Ph.D in Counter Strike. Kable doesn't know, but he's curious. Even though it's highly likely he'll never encounter his player, there's this part of him that… Wel, it's a load of bullshit. Kable knows this. He's never really wanted to know who made him, or who planned whether he'd be alive or dead. He doesn't really believe in God the way those faithful Christians do, or in the mighty one named Allah. Not really. Being controlled by people always seemed a load of crap to him, and if ever that'd happen, then he figured he might as well rather be dead. This time, though, with that someone controlling him being the reason he's alive, Kable's getting ready to rethink that. Pressing his lips together in a thin line as he enters the area the game is played, again he feels that strange connection, and his body is being controlled by someone else, and not him. He holds up his gun, body ready for battle. \"You're the only exception, player,\" he mutters, as he moves. Somewhere else, Simon Silverton grins. Circle of Life – The Lion King OST You live. You grow. You procreate. You die. It's a circle, Simon figures. You can't help it. It's like what that song in that one movie went – it's the circle of life, and it moves us all – or something akin to that. Simon's never really been one to memorize lyrics to songs he doesn't really give a crap about. Even though this is so, whenever he logs into that addicting Slayers game (how can he not? Simon Silverton is a gaming superstar – not logging in would be a cardinal sin or something), he wishes that this 'circle' isn't true. Sure, he can handle the dying. He can handle the growing. He can definitely handle the procreating part, or so that's what his teenage hormone-driven part says. The death part, though? Maybe in real-life, that's alright. Maybe it's okay if it isn't in a game, since you lose experience points and all that if you do die in a game. Simon realizes how twisted that sounds. Okay, so dying isn't really his top priority. He doesn't think about it much, decides that he can live just thinking about the being alive part. But in Slayers, you have to think about death. You have to remember that it's a circle, and this is more than a game, even if you're controlling psychos on death row. Simon hates it, that he has to control someone, even though most of him is ecstatic. He hates it because he's connected to Kable, even if he can help it. He needs him, and Kable probably needs Simon, too. Halfway There – Big Time Rush \"So, you're Simon Silverton?\" The voice is husky, raspy. It's deep and Simon's heart thrums in his chest at the thought of hearing that voice more often. The teenager looks up, for the first time in his life, speechless, and then clears his throat. They've gone through life and death together, literally . Simon knows that it's probably stupid, feeling a connection to a former prisoner who's married with child. He can't just blame it on that stupid program, though, the one that literally made him and Kable one person. But how can he not? He's been with Kable for a long time, and although they'd only spoken for the last battles they spent together, Simon feels like he can tell the man anything. \"Yeah,\" Simon says, inhaling, before grinning. \"I'm the bad-ass motherfucker who controlled you, Kable.\" The taller man smirks a little (and Simon's heart jumps), and something in the middle of chuckle and laugh comes from his throat. He extends his hand, and Simon clutches it carefully, pale cheeks coloring. \"Kable, but you knew that. I guess it's you and me again,\" he says, as his hand slowly slips away from Simon's clutches. Simon feels this weird emptiness when Kable does, but shakes that feeling off. It might just be his imagination, or some cold draft came from his closed windows. He shrugs his shoulders, Simon, and Kable continues, a little carefully. \"I mean… this is a whole new journey. Uh.\" Kable stumbles on his words, and Simon finds it adorable. \"… Well, Angie and I sort of lost the magic, so I guess you and I'll be spending more time together, but considering this is the first time we've met –\" \"Kable,\" Simon says, holding up a hand, shaking his head. The rambling prisoner before him sets his eyes on the teenager, and Simon places that hand on the taller man's shoulder. \"We've spent a billion fucking weeks together. I'd like to say we're halfway there already on this bullshit 'whole new journey'.\" \"I wouldn't really call it 'bullshit'.\" \"Oh, yeah. It's pretty damn magical.\" Thunder – Boys Like Girls \"You know, you're pretty weird for a seventeen year old,\" Kable says one day, as he runs through life and death in a virtual world. Simon laughs, and Kable can hear it in his mind, and as creepy as that sounds, it really isn't. Simon shrugs, and Kable's body follows the movement, and then Simon apologizes briefly and continues onward, making his i-con run. \"Really. You're a weird kid, and I haven't met a lot of kids.\" Simon thinks of an ample reply, but the only thing that comes to mind is a question in return. \"Why?\" he asks, as he aims the weapon and kills someone with a headshot (or, Kable kills someone with a headshot – the line sort of blurred after those infinitely many battles together). Kable snorts and continues to run, controlled by a seventeen year old running on nut butter and grape jelly. \"Easy,\" answers the prisoner, shooting once more. \"You're controlling me , a prisoner , in a gory battlefield seventeen year olds shouldn't witness.\" \"Don't hate, bro. Masturbate.\" \"I can't really do that in a battlefield, kid.\" \"Oh. In that case, do it in your prison cell or something, after dinner. It'll make you feel better.\" \"Why am I talking to you again?\" Kable asks the voice in his head, throwing a smoke grenade and a real one after it; the explosion making lights explode in both his and his Player's heads. Simon gives another laugh, Kable having to follow it after the split-second response, and suddenly Simon stops, realizing that his i-con had to follow. \"Sorry again,\" Simon says, and Kable waves it off (sort of). \"And, the reason you talk to me is simple, Kable.\" Simon grins as he says this, Kable beginning to fire rapidly. \"Oh? How so? Enlighten me,\" Kable says, sardonically. Simon's lips pull up into something akin to a creepy smile, and Kable knows this because his lips follow suit. \"Oh, you know. My voice is the soundtrack of your summer, don't you know I'm unlike any other? I'll always be your thunder, I say – \" Kable shouts something akin to 'shut up' as he reaches the checkpoint, and the game ends with a win in his favor. Bad Romance – Lady Gaga Kable is surrounded by enemies. \"Shit,\" he mumbles, unsure of what to do. They're all ready to fire at him, and the man swallows thickly. It's when a voice reaches his mind that he nearly jumps, but thank God he doesn't. \"Just relax, Kable. Leave everything to me,\" Simon purrs in the warrior's head, and Kable is confused – about to ask why. Simon catches it, however, immediately pressing his lips together for the prisoner to follow, and Kable finds it annoying how a seventeen year old can control his every move. \"I know the perfect way to get your enemies to be distracted.\" Kable raises a brow, and then suddenly his hands are descending into his pants, and his eyes widen at the implications, grey optics refusing to accept what's happening. \"I told you, I can't do that in a battlefield – \" \"Shut up. I know what I'm doing.\" It's with this that, in a separate window, Simon begins to play his playlist – specifically his Lady Gaga one, and the song that plays is Bad Romance. Of course, considering the fact that Kable can hear everything Simon does, his eyes widen. \"What the hell , kid!\" \"Whoa-oh-oh-oh- oh ,\" Simon begins singing, moving his body in the moves of Lady Gaga. Kable's eyes widen as his own body follows suit, his movements resembling someone going through epilepsy. They're jerky and sharp, and Simon continues to sing the song, noticing how some of the other players stared at him and decided to ceasefire. Eventually, they join, and Simon grins because he's begun something. \"You know that I want you, and you know that I need you,\" he whispers into Kable's mind, and God – the prisoner isn't going to lie. That was a little hot, a little bit of a boost, and Simon terminates his control of Kable – the prisoner running far from the group of people who danced Lady Gaga with him, uncapping a grenade. \"Bye bye, bitches,\" he and Simon say simultaneously, and the grenade is thrown. Later, when their connection is about to be terminated, Kable is smiling a little. \"You're a lifesaver, kid,\" he says, sighing. \"How can I repay you?\" Simon licks his lips. \"Dance that for me.\" \"… What?\" \"In latex.\" \"… What?\" \"You heard me. Dance Bad Romance for me in latex.\" Kable chokes in air. \"No. No way . Not in a million years,\" he says, grimacing. Simon laughs, and Kable laughs with him, and everyone stares at him. \"We're caught in a bad romance, Kabes. You can't help it.\" You're Not Sorry – Taylor Swift \"… You're back with her.\" That's the first thing Kable hears when he opens the door to Simon's bachelor pad, grey eyes holding a look of worry as he walks in. Simon is sitting on the couch, eyes swollen, the sweet oceanic color turned into something else . They're stormy, but they're watering, and Simon has to wipe away a quick tear. Kable's heart breaks, but he knows just what Simon is talking about. He's been gone for three days, and Simon's probably seen the tabloids. Simon's probably seen the pictures, too. The teenager swallows, and he shuffles, fumbling – because suddenly he doesn't feel comfortable having a thirty-something year old man in his living room. Simon doesn't know what to do, his hands looking as though they'd reach out for Kable – but in their fragility, they hesitate, and then they flutter back down to his lap, where his fingers curl and uncurl into his pajama pants. \"What?\" Kable says, trying to play dumb. Simon's breaths become shuddery, wispy. \"You're back with her ,\" he replies, softly, voice hoarse from crying. Kable walks over to the chocolate-haired boy, and he takes him in his arms. For the first time, Simon doesn't feel comfortable, and everything suddenly just doesn't fit anymore . \"Don't,\" Simon says, and Kable's heart thrums in his chest. The younger of the two reaches upward, giving those lips he loves so much a chaste kiss, and Simon relishes in it. Kable doesn't understand, can't , but he kisses back – because what else can he do? When Simon pulls away, there is this look in his eyes. Kable has to hold his breath at the messages they give him. Why did you pick her? Why did you pick Angie over me? How could you, when you promised me you'd never leave? Why did you do that? Why ? How could you break my heart like this? \"I'm sorry.\" Kable's breath leaves him in that sentence, and Simon shakes his head. \"No, Kable. You're not.\" Hips Don't Lie – Shakira Kable knows he shouldn't be laughing, but how can he not? Simon's in his senior year, and it's the annual talent night for high school students. He's been chosen for the last act, the finale. Kable was, at first, ecstatic that his quirky little lover had managed to be chosen for something like that, but Simon grumbled when he gave the ex-con the news. Kable didn't understand it at first, of course, but Simon told him that he would once the talent night would come upon them. Kable thought Simon was overreacting, like he tended to do when Kable ate all his nut butter, but now that the night's come… The poster certainly didn't leave you guessing. It had Simon on it, wearing some deliciously feminine clothing, which were probably a few sizes too tight for him. Simon's face was supposedly fierce and attractive, and from some of the guys who got boners over it, Kable figured that Simon did his job plenty well. Then again, Kable knew him better than that. Simon's fierce and attractive face was much sexier than that dumb poster showed. But he's laughing, now, with all those things out of the window and out of his mind. Simon is dancing to Hips Don't Lie , body moving in a fluid manner as he tries to look like he's enjoying it. Kable doesn't know who suggested this song, considering it was definitely not kid-friendly, but he doesn't mind. For the first part, it's amusing, and then a girl comes on wearing men's clothing, and begins dancing with Simon, and Kable's filled with this sense of jealousy. If Simon can move like that , then he most definitely should be moving like that with Kable , and not some blond girl. The rest of the night has Kable grumbling, and when Simon gets into the car, Kable drives for a bit before swerving, parking in a no-parking zone and leaning over to press his mouth against Simon's – effectively shutting up the boy's cries of what the hell, Kabes? \"That,\" Kable growls against pale flesh as he marks the boy, biting into flesh and causing Simon to moan; an erection beginning to form in those tight pants. \"Is for not telling me you could dance like that.\" Simon whimpers a little, and when Kable's kisses trail underneath his shirt, biting him harder and causing him to gasp at the unexpected pain, he arches his back. It's rather uncomfortable in a car, really, and— \"And that is for dancing like a whore around some blond bimbo without warning me further.\" It's because of this that Simon does not come back to school on Monday, or on Tuesday, and why on Wednesday, he couldn't sit down properly at all. American Love – Jack's Mannequin Simon is a beautiful boy, Kable realizes as he kisses those cherry-red lips, swollen from the ravishing Kable had begun a few minutes ago. Pretty fingers tangle into Kable's short cut, Simon bucking his hips as Kable's hand slides further downward into private territory – cornflower blue eyes widening before shutting tight. There are sweet whimpers that come from Simon's lips, his frame shuddering when Kable's sloppy kisses (he couldn't be bothered with trying hard, since Simon didn't care, didn't give a fuck —) trail over his jaw and down to his neck. \"You're mine ,\" Kable growls into that soft flesh, teeth digging into the curve of Simon's neck – the boy tilting his head for more access, moaning when the hand in his pants moves with an experienced flick of the wrist. \"Mine, Simon. Mine .\" Simon whines, moans, struggles – and his virgin status is so obvious that Kable's beginning to feel a little guilty for taking advantage of it. Then again, Simon left plenty of hints, and Kable knew he wanted this as much as he did. When Simon climaxes, he calls Kable's name in ecstasy, body arching into a muscled one, pale body shuddering as he enters cloud nine. Simon is beautiful, but not as beautiful as Angie. If Kable has to settle for second-best, though, then he will. He kisses Simon again, but doesn't look him in the eye. Found A Way – Drake Bell This should be impossible, Kable thinks, as he looks into the eyes of his Player – a lanky teenage boy of seventeen years, whose name escapes him at the moment. He has beautiful blue eyes, chocolate-colored hair, and pale skin reminiscent of the moon. The boy cracks a sweet smile, holding out his hand, and Kable is wary of it, at first. \"Hi,\" says the boy, whose lips do not falter in that smile. They're pink and kissable, and Kable finds his eyes falling onto them for a moment, before looking back into blue eyes. \"I'm Simon. You're Kable, right? You're pretty bad-ass.\" Kable takes the hand, shakes it carefully, his lips pressing together to form a thin line. He does not know what to think of this, of the insanity of it, and of the fact that Simon should not be in front of him right now, while he's playing in-game, even if he's in a safe area. \"How'd you get here?\" Kable growls, voice gruff, and Simon shrugs his shoulders, before laughing. Kable's body doesn't follow suit, and he knows that Simon isn't controlling him, and what the hell, his mind is getting fucked . Simon's hand slips away from Kable's grip, and his fingers crawl into his pockets. \"We're one person, you know. It wasn't hard to find you.\" Kable raises a brow at this. \"In stupid dumbass terms, I found a way, Kabes. You don't want to know the details.\" And Kable really, really doesn't. Black or White – Michael Jackson \"You suck.\" Kable wakes up to a pouting Simon Silverton, the boy holding up a box of chocolates with a death glare on his face. He rubs his eyes, then, sitting up on the couch, staring at the chocolates in Simon's hand, taking it and checking the expiration date. \"No, I don't,\" Kable says, easily, yawning. \"It's not expired, so I don't suck. The last time I gave Angie chocolates, they expired three years before.\" Simon shakes his head, a cute little pout on his lips, and Kable has to try so hard not to jump him. It's Simon's birthday, and chocolates are only part one. Part two involves taking the boy out. Part three involves spending the day with him. Part four involves more rated M things that must not be discussed. \"They're white chocolate, Kable,\" Simon says, as if it's the most obvious thing in the world. Kable raises a brow at this, opening the box and taking out one of the chocolates, popping it into his mouth. \"It doesn't taste bad, Simon. It's actually pretty fucking sweet. I thought you'd like it,\" Kable replies, chewing the chocolate and looking up at Simon through confused grey eyes. Simon shakes his head. \"That's it. They're too sweet, you dunderhead.\" Kable's lips break into a smile, and then he full-out laughs. \"It shouldn't matter if it's white or dark chocolate, you know,\" he says, but Simon shakes his head profusely. \"I might get cavities, Kable! I hate dentists!\" And this is why Kable uses the dark chocolate syrup when he covers Simon in it in part four of his birthday plan. - Owari - ","Summary":" Author's Notes: So, I'm finally not busy, and have time to write things. Unfortunately, my muse is "},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"Personal Entertainment Tachylite","Author":"little.tel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5797035","Passage":"[Chapter 1] P.E.T – Personal Entertainment Tachylite Chapter 1 Simon groaned as he slowly woke to an incessant beeping noise filling every room of his apartment. At seventeen years old, Simon was quite famous even after the abrupt end of Slayers. He was around five foot eight, had jet-black hair, pale skin, handsomely defined features, and deep blue eyes. Like most teenagers, Simon was laid back, easy going, and generally pretty pleased with life. However, considering the day and time – the beeping was extremely unwelcome and put the teen in a rather cross frame of mind. \"What the hell,\" he muttered as he pushed the covers off of him and sat up. Groaning, he rubbed his eyes in an effort to wake up a bit more. Standing with a yawn, Simon climbed out of bed to see who the idiot trying to contact him was. Dressed in loose gray pajama pants and a blue t-shirt, he slowly made his way through the apartment and towards his terminal room. Walking through the electronic wall picturing pink jellyfish swimming in an endless blue, the incessant beeping that had filled the apartment died and left a blinking message sign on the majority of the screen walls. Letting out another yawn, Simon let himself flop over onto the springy orange floor. Laying spread out on his back he opened the call that was trying to get through. The newly opened window was as tall as Simon was and contained the face of a primly dressed businessman in his late forties. The man was decidedly handsome, with neatly styled dark brown hair, defined facial features, and piercing grey eyes. \"Good morning Simon,\" said the man who's face had appeared. The sight of the man pushed all the lingering fog of sleep away from Simon's mind. Completely awake, Simon sat up as his eyes narrowed. \"Dad. What do you want?\" The man smiled tentatively. \"I can't check in on the well being of my son occasionally?\" Simon simply glared. \"It's six in the morning on a Saturday. What do you want?\" Sighing dejectedly the man rubbed at his face before focusing on Simon again. \"For what it's worth I apologize. I know I'm not a good father, I'm trying to make up for it.\" Seeing Simon's eyes narrow even more the man pressed on resolutely. \"In further apology I wanted to give you your birthday present.\" Raising one eyebrow, Simon's head tilted to the side. \"My birthday's not for another month.\" \"I know, I know,\" said the man quickly. \"I have a meeting in Bangkok that week, so I figured I'd give it to you early rather than late.\" Deciding to hear his father out, Simon dropped his glare and instead took on a bored look. \"All right, what is it?\" Obviously relieved the man continued quickly. \"I'm sure you've seen the advertisements for the P.E.T. series that K-Castle is coming out with next year.\" Simon nodded; he'd seen the ad while he'd been browsing for a new game to play. It had looked interesting, what with the numerous girls in skimpy outfits and all. From what he could tell the ad was for an artificially created human. They ad had actually explained that they were legal because they were not in fact humans. K-Castle scientists had apparently messed around with the genetic coding to give all of the produced humanoids features of other species and a natural disposition to be servile. They could be used as anything their owner wanted, from a servant to a companion. Seeing Simon knew what he was talking about, the man continued, \"Well I thought you might like one. Since you live alone I figured a pet would be perfect, especially one that can essentially take care of itself.\" \"Dad, they don't come out for another year.\" \"I know,\" said the man. \"I talked directly to the K-Castle executives. In compensation for the trouble that they gave you when Kable left the Slayers game, they've offered to let you choose any of the PETs that they have completed at this time. They've been ready for sale for almost three years already. You can get one as soon as tomorrow instead of next year if you want.\" Simon sprawled out on his side with his head propped up on his arm as he listened to his father. \"You've already paid for it?\" The man shook his head. \"No, I told my account manager to look for a transaction to K-Castle sometime this month. I thought you'd like to pick out your PET yourself.\" He paused a moment before continuing. \"I have been informed that you will need an adult to accompany you though. I'd go myself but my schedule's full of meeting this month.\" Simon snorted and rolled his eyes. \"Always an excuse.\" \"Simon, I'm sorry. I really can't take any time out of my schedule.\" \"I bet you've got time to visit your secretary.\" Simon's eyes were once again narrowed in a glare. The man opened his mouth to say something but Simon cut him off. \"It doesn't matter. I'll find someone else to go with me.\" \"Simon,\" sighed the man. \"I'm sorry.\" He glanced somewhere off screen. \"I've got to go now Simon.\" He looked like he wanted to say something else, but he just sighed before disconnecting. As the message ended and the man's face disappeared, Simon felt the tension that had set in his shoulders ease. Sighing he flopped over onto his back and twitched his foot to bring up his music. He browsed through it for a moment before setting it to play a quieter instrumental piece. As the soft melody began to play he stood, stretching as he did so he felt the rest of his muscles uncoil. Muttering under his breath about the sleep he had lost Simon left the terminal room and headed towards the kitchen intent on getting some breakfast. Pulling a pan from the cupboard and eggs from the fridge, he started cooking, thinking of the different adults who might go with him to K-Castle. \"So, Dad and Mom are definite nos. Peter's parents are also out, along with Mike's dad.\" Tapping the spatula against the edge of the pain, Simon tried to think of any other adults he knew. \"Oh, I know!\" A small smile tugged at his mouth and he happily refocused his attention on his eggs. As they finished cooking he scrapped them off onto a plate and put the dirty pan in the sink. Humming with the bit of music he could hear from the terminal room he poured himself a cup of orange juice and dug into his breakfast. He figured he'd wait a bit to give Kable a call. He'd have an easier time convincing the man if he didn't wake him up. ","Summary":" P.E.T – Personal Entertainment Tachylite Chapter 1 Simon groaned as he slowly woke to an incessant "},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"Zagraj ze mną, zagraj mną","Author":"DaiHelsing","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5580960","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hej, przed Wami oneshot z universum \"Gamera\" (mam słabość do takich filmów:). Krótkie dzieje pewnej miłości (!?) w sosie z historii dla męskich mężczyzn, wulgaryzmów, seksu i strzelanek. Będzie tak, jak lubię. Miałam potrzebę napisać coś, ekhem, niegrzecznego. Enjoy! ~Dai -Nie- Romantyczka (tym razem)... LEVEL ONE: MJ i jej hobby GAME OVER. Wpatrywałam się w ekran, nadal stojąc na szeroko rozstawionych, lekko ugiętych nogach, z dłońmi uniesionymi, jakbym trzymała niewidzialny pistolet. Odetchnęłam głęboko, rozluźniając mięśnie. Dwa słowa, których serdecznie nie znosiłam, teraz bez przerwy migały mi przed oczami mocnym odcieniem czerwieni. W tle była ściana budynku z zszarzałym i mocno odrapanym tynkiem, odkrywającym nadkruszone cegły niczym wnętrzności rannego z dziurą w brzuchu. Wszystko to było poznaczone większymi lub mniejszymi, szkarłatnymi plamkami i rozbryzgami świeżej krwi. W pewnym sensie mojej krwi. Nieruchome ciało leżało u stóp muru; przypominało poszarpaną, szmacianą lalkę wielkości dorosłego człowieka. Spod martwego wystawał karabin maszynowy, którego nie zdążyłam użyć, zanim wpakowano we mnie – w niego – serię z M134. Nagle ekran zrobił się czarny. Nareszcie. Pojawiło się okienko rozmowy video. Pojedynczym ruchem dłoni, jakbym odganiała muchę, wybrałam ODBIERZ. Szybcy są. - Witam serdecznie, panno Brightleaf . – Młody, całkiem urodziwy mężczyzna w eleganckim garniturze uśmiechał się do mnie szeroko, błyskając idealnie wybielonymi, prostymi zębami niczym model Calvina Kleina. – Bardzo nam przykro z powodu pani przegranej. Chciałbym... - Tak – przerwałam mu zniecierpliwiona. – Jestem nadal zainteresowana dalszą grą. - Wyśmienicie! – Jego uśmiech zrobił się szerszy, choć chwilę temu wątpiłam, czy to w ogóle możliwe. – I dobrze się składa, bo skoro skończyła pani tę „rozgrzewkę\", znaleźliśmy dla pani kogoś odpowiedniego. Zgodnie z zamówieniem . – Okienko rozmowy zmniejszyło się i przeniosło w prawy górny róg ekranu, którego główną część zajęło teraz zdjęcie więźnia z numerem 27/003/A42. Skazaniec miał przystojną twarz o wyjątkowo męskich rysach wyostrzonych seksowną drapieżnością i ledwo dostrzegalnym okrucieństwem. Krótko ostrzyżone włosy zdradzały ładny kształt jego czaszki, a ciemne, inteligentne oczy po obu stronach mocno zarysowanego, prostego nosa patrzyły gdzieś w przestrzeń, nie widząc ani mnie, ani z pewnością reszty świata. Miał zamyślony wyraz twarzy i gdyby nie zmarszczone brwi, można by pomyśleć, że rozważa prawdziwość słów Kanta albo Freuda. Czułam jednak, że po głowie chodzi mu coś bardzo, bardzo złego albo jakieś niegrzeczne myśli, których nie powstydziliby się reżyserowie filmów dla dorosłych. I świetnie. - Biorę. Cena nie gra roli – mruknęłam. – Jego akta? - Kapitan James „Blade\" Orchard, były marines. 31 lat, dożywocie za morderstwo pierwszego stopnia. - Coś jeszcze powinnam wiedzieć? - To najważniejsze informacje, resztę mogę dosłać pani e-mailem. - Nie, dziękuję. Chcę, żeby był gotowy do gry za kwadrans. - Ale... – zaczął, ale zgromiłam go wzrokiem. – Oczywiście, panno Brightleaf. Do zobaczenia. Rozłączył się. Zeszłam do kuchni i włączyłam ekspres do kawy, robiąc sobie latte. Nie śpieszyłam się, sącząc napój i wyjadając srebrną łyżeczką piankę z mleka, ale równo kwadrans później byłam z powrotem przy moim „komputerze\", którego ekran zajmował dokładnie całą powierzchnię okrągłego pokoju. Zalogowałam się ponownie do RZEŹNI. Wybrałam odpowiedni plik i oto przed oczami zobaczyłam wnętrze „szatni\". Oko kamery pokazało mi, że oprócz mojego Blade'a nikogo w pomieszczeniu nie było. Mężczyzna siedział na ławce ze spuszczoną głową, więc nie widziałam jego twarzy. - No to jedziemy z tym koksem – mruknęłam do siebie, wybierając szybko broń. Moje ulubione glocki, granaty, HK 416, rakietnica na wielki finał, kilka noży. Byłam zwarta i gotowa. Czas na zabawę. Podłączyłam się pod gracza, przejmując kontrolę nad jego ciałem. Wstałam z ławki i spojrzałam w stronę kamery. Szkoda, że nie panowałam nad jego mimiką; powinni to ulepszyć w kolejnych wersjach. Wybiegłam z „szatni\" prosto na pole bitwy. Na razie nie angażowałam się w wymianę ognia, przemykając między budynkami. Nagle kilkanaście metrów przede mną eksplodował rzucony granat. - Kurwa! – wrzasnęłam, osłaniając twarz przed kawałkami asfaltu lecącymi ostrym deszczem w moją stronę. Przeturlałam się na bok, chowając w najbliższym budynku. - „Kurwa\" to ja powinienem powiedzieć! – Usłyszałam nagle. – Jesteś babą? Wpatrywałam się w mojego pionka w milczeniu. Nie miał prawa mnie usłyszeć. - Halo, jesteś tam?! Zignorowałam go, dobywając karabin. Zaczęłam się przemieszczać dobrze znajomą sobie trasą, aż znalazłam się w sąsiednim budynku. Wbiegłam po schodach do szybu windy i zaczęłam wspinać się w górę po drabince, w której brakowało niemal co drugiego stopnia. Mój pionek nie uznał mojego milczenia. - Z tego, co wiem, byłem drogi. Wykosztowałaś się, ale było warto, zobaczysz. Słyszysz mnie, prawda? Bo ja ciebie usłyszałem i muszę przyznać, że damą nie jesteś. Ale to nawet dobrze, bo ja nie lubię grzecznych dziewczyneczek, gwiazdeczko. - Możesz się zamknąć?! – wrzasnęłam, podciągając się na piętro i wychodząc na korytarz. - No proszę, ostra jesteś. Podobasz mi się. Tylko, wiesz, postaraj się mnie nie zabić, okej? Pobiegłam po schodach wyżej i stanęłam przez lśniącymi drzwiami windy. Widziałam swoje odbicie. O to mi chodziło. Rozejrzałam się, nasłuchując. Strzelanina była gdzieś daleko; odłożyłam broń i zrzuciłam z ramion kamizelkę kuloodporną. - Hej, co ty wyprawiasz?! Nie jestem kamikaze, wariatko! Przypominam ci twojego eks czy co?! - Powiedziałam, żebyś się zamknął! Zrzuciłam z siebie podkoszulek i spojrzałam w dół na szeroką, owłosioną pierś, szukając blizny. Nie znalazłam jej, zaczęłam się ubierać. - Dlaczego musiałem trafić do niewyżytej dziewuchy z kompleksem wyższości?! - Pytanie pierwszym stopniem do piekła. A jak postaram się, żebyś nie prędko tam trafił. - Dzięki... chyba. Ale skoro tak, przedstaw się chociaż. Przez chwilę rozważałam tą kwestię. - No dalej, przecież jesteśmy partnerami. - Mary-Jane – rzuciłam. - Jak ta laska od Spider-Man? – Ileż razy słyszałam już ten tekst? – Jestem Blade. Zapięłam kamizelkę. - Powiedz, że ci miło. - Tutaj ja wydaję rozkazy, nie ty. I wcale nie jest mi miło. - Mnie wręcz przeciwnie. I to nawet dosyć... podniecająca sytuacja. Kobieta na górze. Ładna chociaż jesteś, MJ? Masz czym oddychać? - Nie twoja sprawa. – Miałam, ale to oczywiście nie było jego sprawą. - Czyli będę miał o kim fantazjować dziś w nocy. Podkręci cię myśl, że zwalę konia myśląc o tobie, dziewczyno Spider-Mana? Prychnęłam, odbezpieczając broń. Roześmiał się. - Dobra, skup się na grze, bo nie chcę zginąć. Dopiero cię poznałem. Powiedz mi tylko, po co ci były te rozbieranki przed chwilą? - Rozpraszasz mnie, więc lepiej się zamknij. Pomożesz mi kogoś znaleźć, a ja uratuję ci dupę. Pasuje? - Jasne. Myślę, że się zaprzyjaźnimy, pani Parker. C.D.N. ","Summary":" Hej, przed Wami oneshot z universum \"Gamera\" (mam słabość do takich filmów:). Krótkie dzieje pewn"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"Confessions of a Plaything","Author":"Neuronerd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5706391","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I actually liked the concept of Gamer and felt bad in a way for Rick Rape. I had 2 reactions in the theater: #1- Peter Petrelli! What has become of you?! Why is your hand down your pants? You were such a nice boy on Heroes… #2- Wow. It must suck to be him. I wonder what he is like when he isn't being controlled by some pervert. I bet he is actually a nice guy that helps old ladies across the street. Anyway, here is my take on Rick Rape. Enjoy! Confessions of a Plaything I don't know if this will ever see the light of day or if any of you on the outside will care, but I feel as though I have to try- for me and all of us. All of us that you control without mercy and absolute impunity. All of us that act out your deepest desires and sickest fantasies while you sit safe and secure behind your anonymity. All of us that fear going to work every day wondering what you will do to us, or make us do to each other. I can't tell you every life story because there are simply too many of us, but I can tell you mine. My name is Jason Portillo, but you probably know me better by my screen name- Rick Rape. I didn't come up with that, by the way. As with most things in this virtual life- if you want to call it that- came courtesy of my player. Like everyone else in Society, I have no idea who my player is, but based on the things I have experienced since I started this job, I have my suspicions. But that's just the problem- I shouldn't have any idea what I do when I am working, but I very much do and that is what makes me sick when I clock out to go home to my actual life. All the memories are supposed to be blocked out, but I am sometimes aware of what is going on in disturbing detail. Every kiss, every woman I assault, the sounds of them screaming and pleading, and having to laugh and smile about it all even when it sickens me at a visceral level because that's what my player makes me do. You have no idea what that feels like. I don't expect you to feel sorry for me because after all, it was my choice to be an icon, right? Well, the answer to that is…complicated. I wasn't one of the lucky ones like you who had enough money to buy another human being to live my life for me. I was just an expendable kid from the wrong side of the tracks who only wanted to make a better life for himself. I won't bother you with all the cry-me-a-river hard luck sob stories, but suffice it to say that in order to get ahead in life it takes money- money I didn't have and couldn't get unless I sold drugs, my internal organs on the black market, or went from one blood bank to another selling my very life force until I passed out. In the end, I sold something far more valuable- my very soul. I can't exactly claim ignorance about what was being done when I signed up. I knew that in exchange for a good deal of money I would give up all control when my player logged on- day or night and my every word and action would be theirs until they got bored and finally released me by signing off. They could dress me however they wanted, make me talk to whoever they wanted, and do everything their hearts desired and that was fine by me because I was promised that I would never know what they did with me thanks to the nanobots that allowed the player to make me move as they pleased except that is not what happened. I know it sounds naive, but I was hoping that my player would be some adolescent girl who was into romantic stuff, or riding horses, or…whatever because Society was a place where anything could happen- and it does, believe me because I am often unwittingly a part of the dark underbelly. My player has made me a skin tight vinyl clad sexual predator with absolutely no self control even in the most public of places. This was not what I had in mind. I haven't seen my family in a long time. Not because we aren't allowed to talk to people on the outside while we are under contract, but I am ashamed of what I have become even though I am trying to save money to help them and myself by participating in this stupid illusion. I try very hard to keep my private and working lives separate, but I can't help but wonder if people on the outside will recognize me as Rick Rape when I finally get out of here even though I am really just Jason Portillo- the poor kid from the huge Italian family with the alcoholic father and the mother sick with cancer. I know I said I wouldn't tell you a sob story, but I want you to understand why I have to do this. I do have a real family and I do have a real life. I am a real person who sits in the bottom of his shower late at night covered in bodily fluids and cries because I am not at all who my player wants me to be. All those women have lives too, real ones and it scares me to think that like me, they are aware of what is happening too. I used to be scared that I would get my ass kicked when I was finally free to go back to the outside world, but I think it is just as dangerous here. Let's face it- the only thing worse than a rapist is a child rapist which thankfully my player hasn't made me do yet. There are plenty of pissed off players who have had their icons attacked and are no doubt looking for revenge. Every time I get that slightly buzzy feeling in my brain and I lose control of my body when my player takes control, I wonder if this will be the last time. Sooner or later, a potential victim will fight back and slash me with a knife or a boyfriend will beat me senseless or worse. Even though I try to keep my personal and working life separate, they sometimes blur together and it is not impossible to get hurt or even killed in this job and that carries over to your own time. The bruises don't go away just because you clocked out. I can't tell you how many times I have been released bloodied and hurting, although my player is pretty good about getting me to a hospital- most of the time. They are paying a pretty penny for me and have a vested interest in keeping me reasonably healthy I guess. I look forward to the very minute that my contract is up and I can go back to my life. Even if I was unhappy with what I had, at least I was free and in control of my own body. You can't know what it is like to force yourself on another woman for the tenth time that day- when your body hurts and is not in any way aroused and your mind screams for it all to stop- but you can't. You don't know what it is like to grope strange women in elevators and uncontrollably hump their legs like a dog, and bite them, and slap them, and all of the other horrible things my player makes me do because in their mind I and the other icon are not real people- it is all a game. No harm, no foul, right? If there is anything that I want to come of this, it is for you to realize that we are humans- just like you. We do have feelings and when you throw us away at the end of a session like ragdolls to be forgotten until the mood strikes you to pick us up again, we are sometimes alone in strange places and some of us remember what you do. We know how twisted and cruel you can be, but we also know that as long as there are the haves and the have nots we will always be seen as expendable- objects to be used in whatever way you see fit and many of us, like me, really have no other options but to be your personal playthings. ","Summary":" A/N: I actually liked the concept of Gamer and felt bad in a way for Rick Rape. I had 2 reactions i"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"X Marks the Spot","Author":"Erikuh Beezus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6969923","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Tess,\" Juliet said, waving her hand in front of my face as I stared at Hunter Firth, the hottest kid in school and the varsity soccer team's star goalie, \"Hello, Tess? Stop staring at him!\" \"Can't help it,\" I replied almost mindlessly before hesitantly looking back at her, \"There's no harm in looking.\" Juliet rolled her eyes and took a bite out of her sandwich. \"Don't give me that. You do way more than look.\" She scowled at me and Katie tried not to laugh. \"It's true,\" Katie agreed, a smirk plastered upon her baby-like face, \"But, seriously, Tess, why don't you just talk to him? You guys have been eye-fucking since sophomore year, you've got tons in common, Juliet's his neighbor, Oliver is friends with him...\" Oliver was Katie's boyfriend. They'd been dating for almost six months, but they'd known each other since they were ten. \"I don't know, guys,\" I sighed, sipping on my Mountain Dew sadly. My two best friends looked at me tentatively. I looked back over to where Hunter was standing and noticed Oliver approaching him. I saw Juliet's eyes follow mine from my peripheral vision but didn't notice her nudge Katie. When I looked back, Katie closed her phone, smirking michieviously. \"You didn't.\" Just as I said that, Oliver gave Katie a quick kiss and sat down at the table, Hunter trailing right behind him. I shot a death glare in the direction of the girls. As soon as Hunter sat down, my eyes lowered and I stared at my lap. I'd been in close range of him before, (hell, I'd even been pushed into him once) but I'd never really been in a situation where we'd actually have to, well, talk. \"Hey, Hunter,\" Katie smiled. \"What's up, neighbor?\" Juliet chimed in. \"Hi,\" he replied. My eyebrow raised. His voice was deeper than I expected it to be. It took them a moment before it registered that I was the only one that hadn't greeted him. \"Right,\" Oliver said, \"I forgot you guys don't know each other! Hunter, this is Tess. Tess, Hunter.\" Hunter smiled awkwardly at me, his eyes unable to meet my gaze. \"Hi,\" I greeted, attempting to sound semi-preppy. It didn't work. Both of us just looked back down at our laps uncomfortably. The others began to chat mindlessly until Juliet directed the conversation to me. \"So, Tess, did you find anyone to take that extra ticket you had for the America VS Manchester United game?\" she asked, a grin on her face. \"Nope,\" I retorted, feeling a little bit more comfortable, \"Since neither of you will go with me.\" I scowled at her and took another sip of my drink. \"Wait, you're going to the Manchester game?\" Hunter asked, speaking for the first time since we'd been introduced. \"Of course. I love Manchester. I wouldn't miss it,\" I admitted. His eyebrows raised, clearly surprised. It wasn't an uncommon response, though. As a band kid, no one really expected me to be into sports. \"Really? Wow. That's so cool. I love Manchester,\" Hunter enthused, a genuine smile appearing on his face. I could feel my cheeks start to burn, but I forced the excitement down because I didn't want to seem... desperate. \"And you have an extra ticket?\" I nodded. \"You're more than welcome to it, if you'd like,\" I said, only just then noticing that the rest of the table had completely stopped talking, \"Since, you know, these losers won't go with me.\" Hunter pursed his lips. \"When is it?\" he asked, suddenly more aware of the fact that we were the only ones talking. \"Two weeks from next Friday,\" I informed him. I was a bit puzzled when he pulled a pen from his pocket and ripped a slip off of Katie's napkin until I realized he was scrawling down his number. He handed me the paper a couple of seconds later. I folded it and put it in my pocket. \"Thanks,\" I managed to say after a moment. He smiled. \"No problem. Text me with the details,\" Hunter said just as the bell to go to third hour rang. Hunter and Oliver got up to leave and Oliver kissed Katie before the boys went to class. \"Oh my god!\" Katie squealed, \"You've got a date with him!\" \"It's not a date,\" I mumbled, rolling my eyes as we got up to go to class, \"We're just going to a soccer game together because I had an extra ticket and we like the same team. No big deal.\" \"Tess, he could have bought his own ticket if he wanted to. His dad is the richest guy in Maryland. Plus, he's got Manchester's schedule practically memorized. I bet he was going anyway. In fact, I know he was going anyway. Hunter would never miss a Manchester game,\" Katie concluded, crossing her arms as we sauntered down the crowded hall. Her logic was sound, but I shrugged it off by countering with \"I barely even know the kid.\" \"So what?\" Juliette retorted, \"I've never seen so much sexual tension between two people who have just met in my entire life. I guess the eye-fucking really does shit to people.\" \"Um, no,\" I denied, opening the door for them to go into class. \"She's right,\" Katie added as we walked into the classroom and sat down, \"I mean, he totally thinks you're gorgeous. He told Oliver the other day.\" \"So what?\" I asked, \"Physical attraction is-\" \"The first step,\" Juliet laughed, cutting me off. I began to argue, but she shushed me and there was no point in trying to argue with her. The late bell rang and the teacher began the lesson. English was my strong suit, so I kind of let myself daydream. Technically, my best friends were right. I did, technically, have a date with this kid. But, still. I had literally just met him and I didn't even know him that well. Plus... How much could really happen in two weeks?[Chapter 2] Through the course of the next week, Oliver and Hunter had made it a habit to sit with us at lunch. I was a bit surprised, considering that I figured Hunter's time was much better spent with Lena James, a girl who used to be my best friend until she took up the habit of dating guys I liked. Despite my beliefs, Hunter sat with us. He really began to open up over that time and we all got to learn a lot about him. We had a lot of things in common, even down to things like our personality. He was just as much of a smart-ass as I was, which was kind of hot. Katie and Juliet still insisted that there was sexual tension beyond what I refused to see. Katie even went on to say that he and I were more sexually frustrated than she and Oliver were when they were first dating. Which, if you knew Katie and Oliver (who didn't even make out until they were together for two months, when the only reason they didn't was because they were afraid to just go on and rip each others' clothes off), seemed impossible. It was the second Thursday after Hunter and I had met, eight days before the Manchester game, that Katie suggested a beach day. We had an early release the next day and it would take us twenty minutes to get to the beach from school. \"I'm in,\" Hunter said almost instantly, smirking. His gaze was set on me, almost as if he was picturing what I'd look like in a bikini. \"Me too,\" I added, licking my bottom lip and meeting his gaze, secretly picturing what he would look like without a shirt on. The rest of the group seemed to be watching out little exchange for a moment, completely silent. \"I'll go, too,\" Juliet added awkwardly. Obviously Oliver was going, since it was Katie's idea, so he didn't even need to respond. Katie laughed and said, \"Who's car are we taking? I'd kind of like to do a bonfire at night, so we'll need a five-seater plus a nice sized trunk. Mine's in the shop, the engine died last night.\" \"That rules my car out,\" Juliet shrugged, \"It's only a two-seater.\" \"My dad would kill me if I got my car dirty, since it's so expensive,\" Hunter sighed. Right, expensive. Honestly, I constantly forgot he was rich. He sure didn't act like it. \"I don't drive,\" I sighed, blushing. Hunter raised an eyebrow at me, surprised. \"Legally.\" Juliet chuckled. \"Well, I guess we can take my car,\" Oliver suggested. \"I call shotgun,\" Katie announced. Everyone rolled their eyes, including Oliver. \"We all kind of figured you'd be sitting in front, regardless,\" I commented, exchanging a smile with Hunter from across the table. At least I knew who he'd be sitting with. Me. The rest of lunch was filled with meaningless chatter and plans for tomorrow. Eventually, the bell rang and we all headed to class. The rest of Thursday, and all of school on Friday, passed quickly. We were all itching to start our weekend early. When the bell rang, we all met up at Oliver's silver Honda Accord. We threw our stiff in the trunk with the firewood and piled into the car. Katie sat in the front with Oliver; Juliet, Hunter and I in the back. We convinced Hunter to sit in the middle, and he happily obliged. I liked window seat and so did Juliet. Plus, Hunter really didn't seem to mind. Naturally, I didn't mind either. We arrived at the beach at around 12:30. The boys unloaded the car and us girls went looking for a good spot to set up our things. \"This is it,\" Juliet smiled, \"The defining moment.\" \"In?\" I asked. \"In whether or not Hunter likes you. The beach is so romantic and fun. If it doesn't happen tonight, it never will. At least, if nothing happens tonight, nothing ever will. I don't mean, like, he'll kiss you or anything, I just mean that he'll probably make some sort of move tonight,\" Juliet explained. I rolled my eyes, but Katie was nodding her head in approval. \"Look, why can't you guys just accept the fact that maybe I just want to be friends with him?\" I defended. My two best friends looked at me like I'm crazy. \"Please, it's so obvious that you guys are into each other,\" Katie countered as she picked a spot. She called to the boys, who's arms were full with chairs and bags of food (we were taking out the firewood later), \"Over here!\" They set the stuff down and us girls began undressing. After applying tanning lotion, Katie and Juliet ran down to the shoreline. Oliver followed them seconds later, his arm wrapping around Katie's waist as he approached them. \"Come on,\" I said to Hunter as I put my yellow wayfarers- which matched my yellow bikini- on my face. He looked over at me through his aviators from his chair, where he was still putting lotion on his arms. His white tee was still on, much to my dismay. \"Come on!\" I repeated, walking over to him and pulling him out of his chair by his wrists. \"Give me a minute!\" he laughed as I struggled, both of my hands wrapped around one of his wrists and tugging as hard as I could, even though he remained unmoving. \"Let's go, Firth! Come on!\" I giggled, pulling so hard that I actually fell over onto the sand. Hunter burst out laughing and removed his baseball cap for a second to shed his shirt before extending a hand to help me up and putting his hat back on his head. It took me a moment to register why his hand was there because I was too busy taking in his bare chest and contoured abs. Eventually, I took his hand and stood up. \"Race you to the water,\" he smirked, beginning to run. I started after him but couldn't catch up. He got to the water before I did, so I retaliated in the only way I could think of, jumping up and grabbing his hat off of his head and sticking it on mine before he could stop me. \"Hey!\" he shouted as I pulled my pony tail through the back strap and ran away from him. He was faster than I was and, after maybe a minute of chasing me, caught me by the hips and turned me around so I was facing him. Our bodies were too close for a normal person's comfort but he wasn't complaining and neither was I. Especially not since he was shirtless. Hunter slowly removed the cap from my head and put it back on his. \"Thank you,\" he laughed through ragged breaths. I smiled back, still too out of breath to really respond. We headed back to where the others were standing, laughing and bumping into each other. We all got into the water together, swimming deeper and farther from the beach. Eventually, my toes couldn't touch the sand beneath us and the waves were making it hard for me to stay above water. I was the shortest in my group- a couple of inches shorter than Juliette and Katie, who were around the same height, and almost a foot shorter than Hunter, who seemed to be having no problem standing. \"Here, get on my back,\" Hunter suggested. I didn't have to be told twice; my eyes were already stinging from the water that kept lapping into them. I swam over and wrapped my legs around his waist. My hands rested on his shoulders so I could look around his neck at the rest of the group. I felt a sort of blip in his skin, maybe a scar, in the shape of an X just above his collarbone. \"What's that?\" I asked, peering over his shoulder, absentmindedly resting my chin at the base of his neck. \"Oh, it's a scar. I had this surgery when I was a little kid and that's just the way the incision healed,\" he explained, \"It's no big deal.\" I humphed in response, my head still resting on his shoulder. Juliet gave me an approving look, like that was it. The defining moment. My arms eventually wrapped around his neck, my hands clasped at his pecs, and my face resting against the side of his neck. I didn't think much of it, but Katie and Juliet couldn't stop staring. When the sun finally set at around 5, we all got out of the water and the boys retreated to the car to get the firewood. \"Oh my god,\" Katie giggled when they were out of earshot. \"What?\" I asked, wrapping myself in a towel. \"You guys are freaking adorable together,\" she explained, \"You're, like, a cuter couple than Olly and I, and you're not even together.\" I shook my head, even though I was starting to believe that there really was something there. I glanced over at the car, where I could see Hunter picking up a pile of wood, his muscles flexing as he did so. I bit my lip, trying to hide a smirk. \"You can't even deny it anymore, can you?\" Juliet snickered, \"Not with the way you're looking at him.\" \"Shut up,\" I snapped, still smiling. A moment later, the boys were back and Oliver started the fire. Hunter sat in the chair next to mine and handed me a can of Mountain Dew. \"Your favorite,\" he smiled. \"I never told you that,\" I replied, taking the soda from him. Hunter pursed his lips, trying to figure out a logical explanation. \"You drink it every day at lunch, so I just assumed that-\" \"It is my favorite,\" I told him, cutting him off by putting my hand over his mouth, \"Thank you.\" I could feel him smile against my palm. I blushed and my hand fell back to my side. I took a sip of my drink, now silent. Katie smiled at me as she leaned her head on Oliver's shoulder. I smiled back, my lips pursed slightly. Hunter must have noticed our exchange because I could feel his eyes on me intently. I turned to him, blushing. We looked at each other, completely silent, our faces inches apart and lit by fire for a few seconds before turning away. I covered my face with one of my hands and he looked away, quickly licking his bottom lip and smiling incredulously at Oliver, who was grinning. All of a sudden, Katie's phone rang. \"Shit!\" she exclaimed, \"I was supposed to be home an hour ago!\" With that, we packed up and got back in the car. I was exhausted as soon as I sat down in the back seat. Seven hours at the beach would do that to a person. Without really thinking about it, I rested my head on Hunter's shoulder and closed my eyes. I drifted off into sleep until my car door opened. One of Hunter's arms was behind my head and the other was reaching across the door, his torso hovering over me, so he could get out and get to his car, which was still in the student parking lot. \"Sorry,\" I mumbled, sleep thick in my voice. \"It's okay,\" he replied softly, his voice a whisper, \"I didn't want to wake you.\" I tried to ignore the fact that his face was maybe an inch from mine, but it really was distracting me. I had the sudden urge to kiss him, but refrained. He looked like he wanted to kiss me, too, but didn't. Since I'd already chickened out of the kiss, I stumbled out of the car so he could get out since Juliet was still on the other side. We dropped him off first because the school was closer to the beach than Katie's house. I vaguely wondered why Juliet didn't just ask him for a ride home, but then remembered that she was staying at Katie's house because her parents were out of town. As soon as he was out of the car, I went to get back into my seat. \"What, no hug?\" Hunter exclaimed, opening his arms to me. I laughed and got back up. His arms slinked around my waist, pulling me onto my tip-toes so my arms would wrap around his neck and make his face bury into my neck. \"Night, Hunter,\" I whispered, reluctantly pulling out of the hug and getting back into the car. He smiled and grabbed his stuff out of the trunk as I closed my car door. I watched him get into the car as Oliver backed out and pulled away. \"Damn, Tess, he needs to ask you out. You guys are so into each other, it's crazy,\" Oliver said. I could hear the sincerity in his voice, even though he had a joking tone. Katie and Juliet both laughed in agreement. \"Told you,\" Juliet giggled, poking my shoulder, \"I think there were more than enough signs tonight.\" I scowled at her in the darkness as we pulled up to my house. As soon as I got home, I crawled into my bed and fell straight asleep. ","Summary":" \"Tess,\" Juliet said, waving her hand in front of my face as I stared at Hunter Firth, the hottest"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"Dirty Society","Author":"gilgameshforeternity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5988666","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Read Author Note for some Info! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters (A/N) So yeah, I think I'm done with Aftermath, wow, I actually finished a story? lol. Now I'm starting a new one! hahaha, its guna be slight AU, where Simon and Kable are actors in Society and his sister is the receptions. I went looking around the internet and saw that Simon's sister's online ID was Sissypuss Shelly, so I figured her name must be Shelly since I couldn't name her sissy or puss, lol. So Shelly is Simon's sister just so ya know. I hope I captured life in Society well and that's all I'm going to give you right now, enjoy this first chapter and let me know what you think! Jogging down the stairs Simon practically inhaled the piece of bread sticking from his mouth slavered in pistachio spread. He looked at his cell phone and panicked at the time and almost ran into the street as he waved to a taxi. The speeding yellow car swerved around to the curb and the chocolate haired male dashed in. \"To the Society Headquarters, East side and fast!\" He gasped out and jerked back as the car speed from the side. Devouring his breakfast his licked his fingers clean and wiped them on his dark jeans. His heart didn't slow from it's a gallop of a pace though, locking at the clock he grimaced at the time reading, 6:53. There was no way he was going to miss his appointment, and there was definitely no way he was going to miss a paycheck. The morning traffic was beginning to thicken and it took all Simon had to not jump out of the car and run like a madman. It took another five minutes and Simon threw money over the seat and sprinted from the cab to the towering building they had stopped at. Stuffing his wallet back into his pocket he burst into the main lobby and yanked the chain from around his neck and held it up in the hopes the man at the main desk would see it. \"It's me Al!,\" he shouted as he didn't wait to run past the main desk, on hearing the traces of the security guard's words welcoming him. Dashing around employees he came to another desk and slammed his ID down on the counter, his chest heaving for breath. The woman at the desk stared at him and Simon sneered. \"Check me in!\" He demanded. The woman had dark brown hair with streaks and subtle makeup on her face, \"What's the magic word?\" Simon growled, \"Please!\" She grabbed the ID and scanned it through a small reader on the desk and threw it at him. Simon snatched it up and hopped over the small door that lead behind the hallway encompassing desk. He hated seeing his sister everyday, she had acquired the job through prodding from his parents to help her out. So bing-bang, she was now the receptionist at the entrance to Society. Hurrying down the long hallway, lined with door after door he pushed his legs to hurrying him along, they burned and his chest hurt and turning sharply he practically barreled through one of the doors on his right. Simon gasped quickly as the door closed and locked behind him as he slid his ID through a small card reader beside the door. The lights were out except for a bright blue screen in front of him, to his relief, his Player was still choosing an outfit. He watched as simulated images of himself flicked around the screen, back and forth, back and forth. Ripping his shirt off he stripped himself of his clothes and hopped he wasn't having a heart attack as he tried to calm himself. There were mornings when he barely made it to work and some mornings her found himself waiting for what seemed like hours for his Player to sign in. The blue screen before him paused and he grimaced at the outfit his picture was wearing. Aptly named The Sex Bomb, he knew it was going to be one of those days. There was no way of telling just who your Player was going to be, most of the selection was random, unless you wanted a certain kind of Player who stuck to certain things like just chatting or gaming. Simon had set himself as one of the people who didn't care, and, to his unfortunate discovery, was placed with a Player who had a knack for traversing the bars and sex scenes of Society. He watched the player click on the outfit and Simon groaned aloud. Before him, just under the screen that read 'loading' as he pulled the outfit from the hangers. Slipping his boxers off her stuffed his clothes into the small closet and took the selected clothes from the hangers. Sighing heavily he pulled on the ridiculous outfit, black leather belts up and down his arms and around his torso. Slowly he pulled on the tight black short, shorts and took a moment to adjust himself in the revealing spankies. Shaking himself a little he turned to face the door opposite the one he had come in and places his hand on the scanner. Lighting up, he watched the device scan his hand and Simon felt chills run through his body as the Nanex swept over his body and he felt himself become a second thought. The door slid open and the bright, artificial light of Society greeted his eyes and his body moved on its own as the player took full control. For Simon, this was how his day began most of the week. XX For another actor, things were less hectic. The alarm chimed softly and in an instant Kable was opening his eyes and awake. He slept lightly and rolled onto his back yawning and stretching. Rubbing a hand over his chest he hummed and sat up, running a hand through his short jet black hair. His skin was dark and tanned, his hands worn from years of labor as a young boy and was muscled from the work. Getting up he meandered from the bed and went through his mid day routine. His Player got up late and stayed up late, he didn't mind, it paid a little better because most actors wanted their sleep. Leaving the shower he toweled off and got dressed in worn jeans and a black t-shirt, grabbing his leather jacket as he left. It was eleven forty five when he left his apartment , helmet under arm, he used the small elevator to get to the underground parking lot. Twirling his keys he hoped onto a sleek black motorcycle and pulled the jacket on, zipping it up. The machine roared to life and with precision he pulled himself from between two cars and exited the gate with his own personal code. Weaving through mid-day traffic he sped past idle taxi cabs and people on the sidewalks, all of them moving so slow as he watched from behind his visor. Coming up to the East side Society Headquarters he drove around the side and down into another underground parking lot. Fishing his ID from his jacket he swiped it into the card reader by the gate and rumbled inside. Parking, he cut the engine and pulled off his helmet as he headed for yet another elevator. Walking past the main desk he reached the second desk and smiled at the woman sitting there. \"How's it going?\" The woman smiled and brushed her hair behind her ear, \"Hi Kable, I'm almost done with my shift.\" Giving her his ID replied, \"Got anything planned?\" Handing the idea back she smiled, \"No, not unless you want to take me somewhere.\" Kable chuckled stashing the ID away, \"Sorry Shelly, you're pretty, but not my type.\" He walked past the desk when she replied with a pout in her voice, \"How can a handsome guy like you play for the other team?\" Looking back he shrugged with a smile on his face and turned around quickly, coming chest to face another human being. Yelling both he and the other person went down to the marble floor in a heap. His helmet spun away and he caught himself with one arm. The heavy bulk on top of him groaned and he looked down at the chocolate haired lump. Looking up, the younger male cringed and quickly got up. \"I'm so sorry,\" he scrambled over to grab Kable's helmet. \"Simon! Stop being such a klutz,\" he heard his sister yell. Growling on the inside Simon picked the helmet up and turned to see the man standing up, brushing his jeans off, and what a man. Simon stared, his hands felt slippery on the helmet and his body already felt hot from all the stuff his Player had been doing earlier. The man stood a few good inches taller than him and had an unforgettable face, strong and confident blue eyes stared him in the eye and Simon felt his mind go blank. \"Don't worry about it,\" Kable replied taking his helmet. He smiled at Simon and walked away, ass looking good in those jeans and a part of Simon's heart with him. Staring, Simon could only thank whatever forces were on his side for his love of men, and that man, turning the corner, was a wet dream waiting to happen. Pulling himself from staring he turned and jogged over to his sister, almost coming face to face with her he spoke quietly. \"Who was that?\" Shelly looked up at him, raising a plucked eyebrow and smiled, \"That's confidential.\" Simon narrowed his eyes, \"What do you want?\" \"I don't want anything.\" \"There must be something. Come on, tell me his name.\" The brunette leaned back in her chair and chuckled lightly, \"When will you learn Simon? Say the magic word.\" Growling he clenched his hand on the desk, \"Please, tell me his name.\" \"Kable, Kable Tillman.\" \"Phone number?\" \"You're pushing your luck,\" she hissed and turned back to her computer. Sneering, Simon walked through the short door and left the Society Headquarters till he had to come back for his second session. XX Kable shrugged out of his clothes and leaned against the wall, watching the blue screen and his Player's ridiculous clothes. He wasn't particularly fond of the person he had been paired with, the Player was a complete troll and an ass, he wouldn't doubt it was a guy who had nothing better to do but have people hate him. So it was no surprise the Player made crazy outfits, chicken costumes and clothes that had no rhythm or reason to be put together. Scratching at his chin, he missed his beard, the smooth texture of his face was odd to say the least. After sending a picture of himself to his Player, he had gotten an e-mail back telling him to shave. While he wasn't of the idea, it meant the Player was willing to use him and that meant money. His Player finally stopped on an outfit and Kable shook his head, as he walked to the closet that opened up and pulled the leather jeans and bright orange fishnet shirt from the hangers. Sure, he admitted to liking how his package looked in the tight pants, but the fishnet was a bit much for him, but all embarrassment, all worries disappeared when the Nanex activated and took control. Pulling the final piece from the closet he slipped on large arm boots and walked to the door, placing his hand on the scanner and the sync was almost instantaneous. Chills went down his back as the invisible force of Nanex let his muscles go limp and take on the characteristics of whatever his Player commanded him to do. Kable took a back seat to everything, he felt his body move and yet he felt numb at the same time, the Nanex dulled the senses since alcohol and other sinfully delightful pleasure were allowed in the controlled chaos. Bright greens, reds and yellows assaulted Kable's eyes, the enclosed world was a circus of colors and he was just another performer to be watched. As actors in Society, no one talked about what their Players did, no one met their Players and most everyone denied the fact of seeing another actor outside of Society. Whatever happened in Society stayed in Society and for some, stuck with them for some of the worst reasons. Actors knew who it was behind everyone's façades, a faceless, nameless human being that only served to play through them in a way they themselves probably would never act. So when fights broke out or intimate situations initiated themselves, the actors did their best to just forget it and move on, it was the plain fact of Society. Do as you're told and keep you mouth shut and you'll get paid. Barely feeling anything, Kable watched as his Player headed for the club, and instantly, he knew his controller was getting ready to troll through as many ladies as he could. Loud, thundering music and writhing bodies occupied every piece of conceivable space in the dark club. Kable himself had grown used to seeing the scene, but had never actually been to one outside of Society, it was on his to do list before he felt he got to old. Walking forward he shoved through the crowds to the back walls were people amassed in standstill groups to talk and down more then a few drinks. Apparently his Player had spotted a perfect target for he was heading straight for one of the fluorescent green couches and scooting himself between a few people, he turned to a beautiful red head in short shorts and a tube top. \"Hey,\" he called over the music. She turned toward him and he glimpsed her bright purple tag hovering above her head, Lil'HipsterGirl, \"Hi.\" \"You're ass looks huge in those,\" Kable watched as her smile, instead of disappearing, grew wider. \"Mmmm, you like that?\" Lil'HipsterGirl purred. \"No, I just wanted to tell you, you're ass is bigger then an elephant,\" Kable chuckled, feeling the Nanex relay the emotions his Player was inputting into the system. She frowned and her face turned angry, \"What the hell did I ever do to you!\" Kable shrugged, \"Nothing, I just spotted her huge butt from across the room.\" Lil'HipsterGirl flipped him off and got up from the couch, disappearing into the dancing crowd. Kable didn't really care if she was mad at him, in fact, it wasn't even him she was mad at, it was his ass of a Player. So when his Player maneuvered him from the couch, he knew it was going to be a long session and he was going to have to mentally ready himself for wave of profanity he knew was heading his way. XX Simon sat quietly at his breakfast counter, swiveling slowly in the barstool, as he ate the pistachio and jelly sandwich. He tried to erase the ridiculous amount of partners he had just spent the last 5 hours entertaining in his personal apartment in Society. Many times he came away from his sessions, mentally exhausted as he reminded himself every time that they weren't actually making love, it was just plain fucking, no matter how many times the other person and him kissed. In fact, Simon was now currently thinking about a new man, one he hoped was open for courtship. He mentally noted to ask Shelly if she knew since she apparently knew him well enough to remember his last name. \"Kable Tillman,\" Simon mumbled to his half-eaten sandwich. It was such a unique name, there was no way he was going to forget it. Taking a few more mental notes, he reminded himself to ask Shelly what the man's schedule was and whether or not he could pry some more information from. Sighing he wiped a hand over his face and let his head fall to the deep green granite top of his counter. It was Monday, which meant his Player was horny enough to pay for two sessions in one day, he didn't mind it, it was extra money in his pocket and, maybe not willing, but fine with going through another 5 or so hour session of roaming Society for potential partners. Getting up he wandered further into his apartment and fell into his bed, burying his face in the cool pillow, he exhaled deeply and let his body go limp. He couldn't say hated the sessions entirely, he got to see some nice eye every once in awhile, and even if he couldn't touch, he enjoyed the images for some later masturbation fun. Simon fumbled with the alarm clock on his dresser for a moment and set it for a good 45 minutes before he had to leave to get himself up and mentally ready. Sometimes he wished he could sleep the day away, but, that would mean he would have to ignore the fact that a man like Kable was walking around where he work and he just couldn't have that. Slowly struggling to get his shirt off, Simon shimmied under the covers and took a moment to just feel the fabric on his skin, to enjoy the feeling of his nerves reacting. It reminded him he was still alive and that he wasn't just a Nanex controlled doll. Closing his tired eyes Simon tried not to think of what lay ahead for him and instead focused on the nothingness that was the phenomenon of sleep to him.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own the characters (A/N) I'm fucking graduating tomorrow! Holy crap! lol, here's a quick chapter cause I'm so excited :) Kable could only speculate just what his Player was like in real life. Wandering around Society, his Player had only talked with maybe 5 friends on his list, otherwise, he was prowling for more people to bother. Kable had only seen it happen maybe three times, but the person they were bothering ended up being a troll themselves and found his Player to be interesting and apparently a worthy opponent to add to their friends list. There wasn't much that interested Kable about his sessions with his employer, he usually dozed off in the back of his head, still aware of what was happening, but he wasn't controlling his speech or movements. It was like being on full autopilot and Kable could metaphorically put his feet up and just relax. Walking around the main courtyard of Society, he watched the bright colors and vibrant personalities flow this way and that on whims of their own. His blue eyes scanned around and Kable saw a mop of muddy hair that had been recently ingrained into his memory. The person was standing opposite a man much taller sporting a beak. Kable would have died when he spotted what, Simon was wearing. That was his name right? If he remembered correctly that is. The two were conversing and Kable couldn't drink the young man's image in fast enough when his Player directed his body to the club once again. Simon was more than sure, as his Player was talking to a potential partner, he had seen a rather tall, muscular and dark haired man sweep by. It was only out of his peripheral, but he was sure, or, maybe half sure. He had seen so many people in the last hour, he could only imagine how many people had seen him coming and going from the Society Hotel. It didn't bother him too much since no one could hold it against him for what his Player did. Simon in his own personal opinion was a bit if a voyeur in some respects. Sure, he liked the whole aspect of jerking off in front of his boyfriends and the other way around. Yet his Player participated in some of the more fetish sexual acts. In real life, Simon would never agree to be whipped and gagged and lead around like a dog while some one on the other end probably received money in a personal account for watching him do so. Just as soon as the man had arrived, Simon lost sight of him and was walking away with the his next partner. Simon could only count down the time as he waited silently in the recesses of his mind. Looking occasionally to the clocks on the wall, time seemed to stand still when his Player was participating in their sexual acts. Simon was close to requesting a new Player, or for that matter, maybe find another job. He had been working for Society since he turned 21, for reasons and because alcohol was a part of Society, Society actors were required to be a minimum age of 21. Simon was 23 and, for all intents and purposes, he was growing tired of running around the same place everyday. Simon was barely aware of what his Player and the person were doing. His thoughts drifted off to greener pastures and he waited with dulled nerves for the session to end. The session was filled with the same back and forth from the hotel room to pick-up a partner and back. Simon could, if given a map of Society, point out every meet up point scum like his Player went and bargained with. He wasn't sure if it was something to be proud of or not, but he kept the information stored in his memories of he needed the information for something. Kable gave a heavy sigh as he stared into the Styrofoam cup full of coffee in front of him. His session had ended and Kable tried to relax in the staff lounge. It was somewhere around midnight and he could feel his body's tiredness. His mind was awake but his body was still recovering from the numbness of being controlled for hours on end. Taking a drink, he relished in the hot liquid as it made his throat come alive with sensation. The taste was strong, the smell was strong and he could feel himself just that much more awake. Kable downed the rest of his coffee, and before he was able to get up, someone clamored into the chair right on the other side of the small round table. \"What's your hurry?\" Simon purred setting his cup down. Kable stared at the male for a moment,smiling lightly, \"I've had a long night that's what.\" Simon smiled and sipped his drink before chuckling, \"Tell me about it!\" \"So, do you work nights often?\" \"Not usually, but I don't mind it, it's extra money in my pocket.\" Kable nodded taking a large drink of the scalding liquid he mentally woke himself up and tried to engage in the conversation with the male, \"I think I saw you in Society.\" Simon paused a moment before looking up at the man, the comment was unexpected and it confirmed his suspicions, \"I thought I saw you too.\" Kable gave a breathy laugh, \"My Player isn't the nicest person.\" \"Neither is mine.\" They sat quietly for a minute, there other people in the break room, but most floated in for a drink and then left. It was just a pit stop before heading home to a waiting bed and, for some a family. Simon leaned back in his chair and swirled his drink with one hand, mulling over what he should say. \"How long have you worked here?\" Kable spoke first. \"About 2 and a half years. You?\" \"Almost 4, but not with the same Player.\" Simon nodded quietly, he stared up at Kable, the stormy eyes that stared at him were quiet and he wondered what they would look like with adoration in them. \"Can I have your number?\" Kable gave a weird, scoffing and snorting noise as he pulled the Styrofoam cup from his lips. \"What?\" A sly smile edged at Simon's lips, \"I asked if I could have your number.\" Setting the cup on the table Kable looked at the younger male, \"Why do you want my number?\" \"You seem chill to me. Are you not looking for any new friends?\" Shaking his head Kable smiled, \"Didn't say I wasn't, but sure, you can have my number.\" Simon's heart swelled in his chest with excitement, but his face stayed calm and casual. Simon got up, throwing his cup away and grabbed off the refrigerator a pen that was used to mark up the white board on the fridge. He turned around, cap off and tip poised over the back of his hand, he looked at Kable expectantly. The man smiled and recited his home phone number for the male. Kable was interested in the way Simon acted, poised yet in those clear blue eyes he saw something more, something interesting, he was going to enjoy getting to know the male. Simon walked back over, ink drying and pushed the chair in. \"Well, Kable, I'll give you a call sometime, but for now, I'm dog tired and I need some sleep.\" Kable hummed an agreement and picked up his helmet and jacket and followed after the shorter male. After walking from the building, Simon walked to the curb and tried to wave down a taxi. Kable slowed down as he pulled his jacket on. \"No car?\" He called. Simon looked back, \"Nope, I use taxi's.\" \"Well, do you want a ride?\" There was a pause as Simon looked at the helmet and leather jacket, the man owned a smiled, he had never been on a motorcycle. \"Sure.\" Kable motioned for the male to follow and they walked to the lower parking lot. Simon followed after, their first meeting was a chance, then getting the guy's number and now he was going to ride with him, the darker haired male was in heaven. Kable sat down on the large bike and Simon stood awkwardly to the side. Reaching back, Kable patted the back seat and Simon slide onto the bike. Kable adjusted the male's feet and handed him the helmet. \"You sure?\" \"It's fine, hold onto my waist.\" Simon adjusted the helmet as the motorcycle roared to life and vibrations went up his legs and chills down his back. He wrapped his arms around Kable's waist and held on tight. If he died and went to heaven right then and there, well, Simon would fight his way back with all his might, there was no way he could let the handsome man out of his arms. They soared down the road and Simon watched as traffic whisked by and lights blurred at the edge of his vision. Simon directed from the back, pointing right or left and soon his apartment building came into view. His heart sank a little, but he knew there was a chance he would see the man tomorrow, hopefully. Kable pulled into the alleyway and up to the gate and balanced on both feet to let the male off. Pulling the helmet off, Simon tried to fix his hair as he handed it over. \"I'll see you later Simon.\" \"Yeah, have a good night.\" Kable pulled the helmet on and Simon watched the man speed away and disappear into the light traffic. He stood for a moment, he could feel his body relax, he could feel the lengthiness of the day start to catch up to him and he walked into the building. He meandered from the elevator and through the hallway to his apartment. Fishing his keys out, he walked in, locked the door and traversed the dark home. He wasn't looking forward to tomorrow and whatever his Player had in stored, but he was ready to give Kable a call if he didn't see him. Falling into bed, Simon nuzzled his pillow and pulled the blankets around him, he exhaled heavily and let sleep take him.[Chapter 3] disclaimer: I don't own anything (A/N) Lol this wasn't sitting in my doc mananger this time, it was on my ipod! I've been trying to release some stress from worrying about finals and clearing out all these chapters has done wonders. I actually feel like writing! I had a little fun with this one since I knew it was more of a filler chapter then anything else. Enjoy! Simon waited with anxious nerves, he was sitting in the lounge after his more than routine session and staring at his cup of coffee. The liquid had- he couldn't even remember- many packs of sugar in it. He liked the bitter and sweet together, especially in the morning, it woke him up and kept him awake. Sure, he should have been home now, or roaming around the city for something to do, but, he was nonchalantly waiting in the lounge, drinking coffee that had gone cold. He couldn't imagine how he was going to continue living with his particular Player, in fact, Simon was starting to wonder why he felt so, for lack of a better word, horny 85% of the time. He was 23 for Christ sake, not a teenager anymore. The male figured it was from seeing his Player doing the unspeakable all the time, like a love sick bunny who had taken some E. It was slightly embarrassing when sitting in his terminal room and he got a chubby after thinking of a cute guy he passed on the street or saw in an advertisement, it was fucking ridiculous! Sighing loudly, Simon ran a hand through his hair and stared at his coffee, the remnants of sugar coated the sides and he didn't exactly feel like drinking it now that it was cold. \"It's not going to just jump into your mouth,\" a smooth, masculine voice chuckled. Simon held himself back from jumping up and smiling and fawning all over the man that had walked into the lounge room to drink a quick cup of coffee. Kable was wearing a pair of dark, very nice fitting jeans and a black shirt with a small v-cut. His biceps seemed huge and Simon wanted to attack him right there, throwing their coffee away and jumping into his arms to devoure the man's sexy lips. \"Good morning.\" Kable nodded, \"You waiting for another session?\" Simon shook his head, \"No just grabbing some coffee before I leave.\" \"Oh, well, I have to make it to mine, I'll see you later, okay?\" \"Okay.\" Kable smiled and left the lounge, his eyes lingering a moment before he completely disappeared. Simon sighed, he was going to ask the man if he wanted to hang out, but, his hesitant nature got the better of him. It ended up being 3 days of their idle chat in the lounge before Simon worked up the kind of courage he deemed worthy to manage such a feat. Simon was drinking his coffee, well, sipping at it as it grew colder, yet again, which seemed to become a trend for him now. Since the first time he had been sitting in the lounge, Kable had shown up to say hello and then run off to his session. Not today though, he wouldn't let the handsome man go so easily. It was the fourth day and Kable walked in like usual, Simon greeted him and then strode out of the lounge, he needed to be alone to ask the man. Kable followed, coffee and helmet in hand. \"Kable, can I ask you something?\" \"Sure.\" \"Would you, maybe, like to hang out later today? After your session I mean,\" Simon hoped his face hadn't turned red, he felt like freaking teenager again. \"Yeah I'd like that, but my shift ends at 11pm.\" \"That's okay, this city never sleeps, we can find something to do,\" the brunette cringed on the inside at how eager he sounded. Kable smiled as he eyed the younger male, he was definitely interested, \"Okay then sure. I'll come by your place okay?\" \"Okay.\" Simon had to keep his face under control to keep from smiling from ear to ear. Kable nodded and walked off down the hallway to his terminal. The brunette watched, his eyes traveling from short dark hair to toned shoulders and then to a nice ass that had him staring. Kable's ass was very nice, round and if he had the chance to grab it, he would assume firm. He wasn't sure why, but he felt slightly different, like, he was getting a little off balance between his reasonable thoughts and his sexual ones. Maybe it was the coffee making him anxious and jittery, he put it aside and almost skipped down the hallway to the reception desk. Shelly was pulling her papers together as Simon came hoping over to jump and sit on the counter top. \"Guess what,\" he asked. She eyed him, \"What?\" \"I got a date.\" \"Ok,ay so?\" \"With Kable!\" \"What!\" Shelly shrieked, she glared at him. Simon chuckled and reveled in his accomplishment, he was more than pleased at how Shelly was acting. He smiled and hoped off the counter to disappear out the door and into the constantly bustling city. Simon was more or less awake when a knock sounded at his door and into his thoughts, well, more asleep it seemed. Having fallen asleep on the couch while watching TV the young man had lost track of time and was now groggily stumbling toward the door, trying to remember if he had ordered pizza or not. Opening it he rubbed sleep from his eyes and groaned aloud when he saw a very strapping man with a helmet in his hands; waiting. \"Ah shit,\" he muttered gesturing for Kable to come in. The man raised an eyebrow and cleared his throat, \"If you're too tired Simon we can-\" \"No, no,\" shutting the door Simon pointed for him to sit, \"give me a second to get ready, I just fell asleep is all.\" Kable smiled and took a seat, the male looked flustered, embarrassed and excited all at the same time, he only hoped Simon would be able to stay awake. Simon be-lined for his room the second he walked around the corner and out of sight. Silently cursing to himself he ripped off his clothes and changed in record time, a pair of slim fitting jeans, a dark maroon, chest clinging shirt and he hurried to the bathroom. Cringing at his disheveled hair Simon raked a brush through it quickly and put some deodorant on. Turning the light off he walked out into the living room, holding his hands out as if Kable should be impressed. \"Very handsome,\" Kable commented and stood up heading for the door. Simon could barely control the blush on his face as he grabbed his keys and wallet from the kitchen counter. Turning the TV off he shooed Kable out so they could start their \"date\". Locking the door he shoved the keys into his pocket and followed after Kable who handed him the helmet. \"So Kable, do you have anything in mind to do?\" Shrugging as they entered the elevator Kable spoke, \"I don't know, maybe hit a club or two. Kind of the only thing open at this time of night.\" Simon nodded and smiled to himself, he was more then OK with that, he was more then OK with grinding up against another guy while surrounded by a crowd of other people. And he deffinitely OK with touching Kable. \"Um Kable, I think I should tell you something before we hit the clubs.\" They walked through the lobby and to where Kable had parked while Simon rambled on about how he had certain tastes and that he leaned one way more then the other. It was embarrassing to say the least as he tried to hint at just what he was trying to say, especially since he hadn't mentioned it before asking Kable to hang out...at night... on a 'date'. Kable stopped in front of his motorcycle and looked at Simon, the younger male was blushing and stuttering and avoiding eye contact. He smiled and pulled on the pair of goggles he had been holding. \"Simon, I get it, you're gay.\" Oh, so maybe Kable did understand. \"It's alright Simon. I am too.\" Looking up at Kable in surprise, \"You are?\" \"Don't think I didn't notice you sitting there everyday before my session started, or those looks you gave me,\" he smiled. A shy and yet bold smile crept onto Simon's lips, \"I didn't think you had seen.\" Kable smiled, \"When you're getting checked out by a cute guy, its hard not to notice.\" \"So... is it okay to think of this as a date now?\" \"I'd be okay with calling it that,\" Kable winked at the younger male and gestured for the brunnette to join him. Sitting on the motorcycle, Simon secretly hoped he wouldn't have helmet hair from hell and carefully placed the helmet on, wrapping his arms around Kable's waist. Beneath him the engine roared to life, Simon on the other hand was a ball of nerves, the prospect of snatching Kable up before someone else had his body alive and his mind whirrling with thoughts. They pulled away from the complex and Simon held tightly. The city was an entirely different beast at night. Looming buildings were dotted with lights and cars rushed past, everything a blur except for the man sitting in front of Simon. He watched as Kable elegently navigated the streets, felt his body move and curve to make turns and Simon resisted the urge to start kissing along the mans neck, proclaiming he was sexiest thing he had ever seen in his life. Their destination wasn't far off and soon Simon was following his chaperone into a building he had never been in before. In fact, Kable strode in almost like he owned the place and Simon marvelled at the lights and infectious beat coming from the speakers. He couldn't help but sway his hips a little, the toxic sound spread trough his nerves, he wanted to dance so bad now. Kable was smiling and pointing at some of the employees he knew. He walked up to the bar and talked to the bartender, asking that he wanted to see the manager. Leaning against the counter and facing Simon he smiled at his soon to be dance partner. Simon had a sly smile as he came considerably closer to Kable, their hips mere inches apart. \"I'm liking this place so far,\" he practically had to shout. Kable smirked, \"Me too. Awesome music and better booze!\" Simon couldn't resist the way Kable looked. Slight scruffy beard, playful eyes and his body! The flashing lights, the undulating colors of green, pink and purple sent shadows caressing all the right places. Coming forward those last few inches, Simon pressed forward and then up onto his toes so he could speak in Kable's ear. \"I want to dance with you!\" Simon didn't see it, but kable smiled wide before he replied, \"Don't worry, we will.\" Coming back to regular height, Simon smirked, he was beginning to think his night was only going to get better from there. \"Kable!\" a voice yelled and both looked toward stairs adjacent to the bar. A man with a missing tooth and messed black hair waved to Kable. His badge read 'Manager Freak', it hung askew on the lapel of his nice jacket and flopped as he walked. Kable threw his chin in the direction of the man and they set off to give introductions. \"Heey, Kable!\" They hugged briefly before Kable gestured hastily to his clubbing partner, \"Freak, meet Simon. We met through work.\" Freak held his hand out and Simon, eager for a good impression, gave a firm handshake back. \"He's quiet the looker Kable, can only imagine what his player thinks of him,\" Freak commented. \"Ah lets leave work out if it, we're here to enjoy ourselves.\" Freak nodded, \"Of course, come on, I cleared the V.I.P. Room for you, I'll have one of my waitresses send up some drinks.\" Simon followed the chattering pair up the stairs and past couples sharing private moments in a very public place. He was itching for some kind of contact by the time they finally arrived at the V.I.P. room, passing numerous groups grinding and boozing it up. Kable glanced back occasionally to make sure he hadn't lost his short dancer to the sirens prowling in the crowds. They traveled past women who wore maybe a yard of fabric in total and shoes so tall Simon was astonished they could still dance. Freak stopped, pulling back a dark burgundy curtain and Kable smiled as he entered, Simon just behind him. \"The drinks will be up soon enough, enjoy yourself Kable.\" Nodding Kable sat down on the large crescent couch as the curtain fell back into place. Patting the seat next to him he slung his arms around the back of the couch and observed Simon. Pulse rising Simon took a moment to examine Kable, strong torso relaxed against the cushions, strong legs splayed open in a relaxed pose and dark eyes calling him over. The vision of masculinity was enough to make even the gods weep. A shiver ran up his spine and he, with as much grace as he could muster, slid over and onto the couch beside his date. \"What do you think of the place?\" The thrumming beats out on the dance floor were muted enough that Simon didn't have to strain to hear Kable's intoxicating voice, \"I love it. Do you come here often?\" \"Kind of. Mostly when I've had a long day and I just want to let loose.\" Simon hummed in agreement, he knew how that was. Though letting loose was a little out of the question, his nerves were wound up and his muscles tense with anticipation. He couldn't deny he was craving to feel Kable dancing against him. \"C'mon, show me how you dance. I mean, you can still do that right?\" Simon teased as he got up, taking Kable's hand from off the couch and tugging lightly. Smiling, \"Just how old do you think I am?\" \"It doesn't matter, just show me how young you feel!\" At that Kable laughed and followed the shorter male through the curtain, narrowly avoiding a waitress with a variety of drinks that would not doubt be dripping when they came back. Simon felt his heart racing as the music assaulted his body, in a good way, and he body tingled with excitement. Kable smiled, holding tightly to the hand that was leading him back to the dance floor. The young male was turning out to be as interesting as he had expected. His coworker looked fabulous form behind, and his mind was telling him that Simon would probably feel even better. The second they entered the dance floor their hands tightened around each other's. Dancers moved in unison, bodies causing so much heat Kable could've sworn they were in a sauna. Shuffling past a group of younger people Simon turned and tugged Kable close, their chest's touching but their hips a few inches apart. They didn't stay that way for long though, the mass of writhing strangers bumped and pushed them till the two icons were pressed flush. Kable hummed deeply and laid on hand on Simon's back as they joined the undulating mass, it became easier to move as they matched the rhythm and Simon dully noted that being shorter than Kable made it difficult for him to whisper in the man's ear. Oh well, he deemed his body worthy enough of talking for him and let his hands slide up Kable's chest till they rested at the nape of his date's neck. Skin touching skin was like coals gasoline on a fire, Simon felt a wave of heat rush through his body, Kable's skin was hot and moist and all he wanted to do was rip the man's shirt off and lick trails of pure fire up his chest. The dizzying rush of emotions that surged through his body made Simon shudder. He had to control himself, closing his eyes he focused on the music, on the curve of Kable's neck and the feel of his short hair slipping through his fingers. It was getting harder to focus on something other than sex, and to Simon's dismay, for once it wasn't the way he wanted to end the their time together. It was getting harder to keep his hands off of Kable. If he didn't stop soon, Simon anticipated the situation would spiral out of his control, and unfortunately, the warm hand sliding along his hip wasn't helping. Cliff hanger of doooom! lol. I'm cutting it short guys, sorry! But hey guess what, there's a poll going on over at my profile, please vote! I'm interested in seeing the results! ","Summary":" Read Author Note for some Info! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters (A/N) So yeah, I think I'm d"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Robin Hood vs King John","Author":"Megara and Hades","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12697646","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"And now I deem you,\" King John raised his sword. \"The winner,\" he tapped the right shoulder of the kneeling crow, then the left. \"Or more appropriately,\" the King put the edge of his sword underneath the collar of the crow's shirt, tearing it to reveal who was really behind the beak. \"The loser!\" The crowd gasped at the sight of Robin Hood on stilts. Lady Kluck and Lady Marian were astonished. The lion grinned and waved his hands, \"seize him.\" The guards grabbed the fox and tied rope tightly around him from shoulders to ankles. \"I sentence you to sudden, instant, and even immediate death !\" the king hissed. Lady Marian shook her head in sadness, \"Oh no!\" She turned to the King who sat to her left. She put her hand on his arm. \"Oh, please, please sire,\" the young fox knelt before him. \"I beg of you to spare his life,\" tears ran down her face. \"Please have mercy!\" \"Dear emotional lady,\" the King chuckled. \"Why should I?\" Lady Marian turned her head toward the fox, \"Because I love him your highness.\" \"You love him?\" the King questioned. \"And does this prisoner return your love?\" the King gestured to the fox wrapped in rope. Lady Marian searched Robin Hood's eyes. \"Marian my darling,\" the prisoner spoke. \"I love you more than life itself.\" The Lady grinned, wiping the tears from her cheeks. \"Young love,\" the King chuckled. \"Your please have not fallen upon a heart of stone.\" He stood from his throne and pointed a finger toward the sky. \"Traitors to the crown,\" he raised his voice. \"Must die !\" \"Traitor to the crown? That crown belongs to King Richard. Long live King Richard!\" Robin Hood chanted. Many people in the crowd joined in, \"Long live King Richard!\" \"Enough! I am King, King, King, King!\" King John jumped up and down like a lion cub. \"Off with his head!\" announced the King. Marian turned to Lady Kluck and buried her face into her feathers. \"At least King Richard was man enough to fight his own battles,\" Robin Hood murmured as the soldiers dragged him off. King John stood to his feet, \"What did you say?\" he asked angrily. \"Oh, you know, I just mean that King Richard was more manly than you. Don't worry about it, not all Kings are tough. Oh wait...\" Lady Marian giggled. \"I am manly!\" the King yelled. \"If you really are then let's fight, just the two of us.\" The King pointed a finger at the fox and opened his mouth to speak. \"Unless you're too scared of course. I bet King Richard would...\" \"Enough! I will do it!\" the King stood from his throne once again. \"But we will use swords. I'm not stupid enough to let you use your little bow and arrow toy.\" \"Oh, right, that toy that just knocked the other arrows off course and split one in half,\" the fox teased. \"Release him!\" the King swatted at the guards. The untied him immediately. \"Bring me my sword!\" the King demanded. \"Sir, are you sure about this?\" whispered the sheriff. \"Do not question your King!\" he stretched his arm out, ready to receive his sword. \"Okay...\" The sheriff handed off the sword. \"Whoa!\" the sword weighed down the King's arm. The crowd chuckled. \"Robin Hood! You think you're so tricky; you switched our swords! Didn't think I would notice?\" the King inquired of the fox. \"Alright, you caught me,\" Robin winked at Lady Marian. \"Here, we'll switch.\" \"Wait, no. Why did you wink at her? I'll keep this one.\" Robin winked at Marian again. She put her hand over her mouth giggling. \"Why did you wink again? Why is she laughing?\" the King looked around in confusion. \"Have the sword of your choice your majesty,\" Robin offered. \"I'll take the sheriff's,\" the King whistled for the sheriff to bring him his sword. \"I know he sharpens it often. Prepare for pain Robin Hood,\" the King narrowed his eyes at the fox. \"Sire, you don't want to dirty your crown or rings now do you?\" asked the fox. \"You're right! I don't want them stained with the blood of a prisoner,\" the king snickered and had the sheriff lay his crown and jewels on his thrown. Both the fox and the King stood in the sand, ready to fight. The fox had the skill but the lion had the anger. \"Why don't we make this fight a little more interesting,\" Robin spoke. \"The winner gets all of your treasures and the loser is the prisoner.\" Robin nodded at Little John who was still in costume and was someone the King trusted. \"Then nothing will change,\" the lion spoke proudly for someone who had never fought in his life. Little John stashed the King's crown and jewels in his satchel and requested Marian to follow him. \"But what about Robin,\" she asked anxiously. \"Don't worry about ol' Robin, he gets whatever he wants,\" Little John grinned at the lady. \"He got you didn't he?\" King John noticed Marian no longer was in her seat, \"Looks like your lady didn't want to stay for the show. Doesn't have much faith in ya' after all.\" \"Let's do this,\" the fox swung his sword, suggesting he was ready for battle. \"Three...two...one...FIGHT!\" yelled a soldier. Both the fox and the lion began to circle. Fire burned in the lion's eyes. Slowly and quietly, the town's 'poor' shuffled away. \"Looks like 'your kind' don't want to see you bleeding on the ground,\" the King teased. \"You can talk smack, but can you deliver it?\" inquired the brave fox. King John charged at Robin Hood, holding his sword above his head. Robin Hood took one step to his left. The King couldn't stop running, lost his balance, and fell into a pond. When he finally stood, he couldn't find his sword. Robin walked up the the King, carrying his sword over his shoulder. \"Need a sword?\" Robin held the point of his sword only inches away from the King's nose. \"Hahaha,\" the King chuckled. \"I will never give you my treasures.\" \"They are already packed on a truck, ready to go; including your crown and jewels,\" Robin withdrew his sword and began walking away. \"Seize him!\" cried the King. \"Why are you just standing around? I said seize him!\" the King yelled. \"You no longer have money to pay us,\" one soldier told him. \"Yeah, and in fact, you're a prisoner now,\" spoke another. Robin waved goodbye. \"Mommy!\" the King cried, pulling on his ear with one hand and sucking his thumb on the other. Robin Hood came to the cart full of the King's treasures and the villagers. \"Oh, Robin!\" Lady Marian cried out. \"I'm so glad you are okay!\" \"Of course my darling,\" he wrapped his arms around the young fox. \"We must be going now.\" ","Summary":" \"And now I deem you,\" King John raised his sword. \"The winner,\" he tapped the right shoulder of"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Le secret des origines","Author":"Lionne.Fluffy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12697917","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Salut chers lecteurs ! D'après ce que j'ai pu voir, il y a peu de gens qui écrivent des Fanfictions sur « Les Aventures de Robin des Bois » ( la série télévisée d'animation ). Mais surtout je n'ai jamais lue une en français ! Donc j'ai décidée d'en écrire une ! Alors je vous souhaite une bonne lecture ! Le secret des origines Chapitre 1: Une rencontre inattendue En plein cœur de la nuit, où la puissante neige tombante recouvrait toute la surface de la forêt de Sherwood. Éclairée par la lune ronde et haute dans le ciel, un jeune adolescent avec une chevelure brune attachée par une queue de cheval et aux yeux bleus-nuit, était caché derrière un arbre. Son visage était déformé par une grimace douloureuse et il prenait de grandes respirations pour essayer de calmer son cœur battant à la chamade. Celui-ci serra fortement son flanc droit où du sang coulait de sa main, il avait plusieurs marques de morsures et l'adolescent avait de nombreuses coupures dû à toutes les chutes qu'il avait subi. Soudainement, il entendit les aboiements féroces des chiens et les cris stridents des soldats du Baron qui étaient à ses trousses. Robin se maudit intérieurement ne pas avoir pris son arc et ses flèches, mais surtout d'avoir fait la sourde oreille lorsque Wilfred l'avait prévenu de ne pas sortir de la grotte ! Il ne pouvait pas imaginer que les soldats d'Alwine continueraient à le chercher lui et sa famille en pleine nuit ! Et voilà que Robin s'était fait repérer, il réussit à s'échapper après avoir reçu un coup de couteau dans son flanc droit, s'être fait mordre à plusieurs endroits par les chiens, et être tombé de nombreuses fois à cause des pierres et des racines d'arbres lors de sa course effrénée. Les soldats venaient de le rattraper et la neige qui rendait ses traces de pas visibles n'était pas là pour l'aider ! Robin resserra douloureusement sa main sur sa blessure au flanc pour empêcher que le sang s'échappe de la plaie et il se redressa difficilement en se servant de l'arbre pour le soutenir avec son autre bras encore valide. Il ne pouvait pas prendre le risque de rentrer dans la grotte, le sang qui coulait et ses empreintes dans la neige permettraient aux soldats de le suivre et de tous les tuers. Mais une chose était sûre: il fallait qu'il cours et vite ! Le jeune garçon couru de toute les forces qu'il pouvait. Mais c'était tellement dur pour l'adolescent d'avancer, entre la tempête de neige, sa blessure au flanc, et toutes les morsures des chiens, pour certaines profondes, c'était juste une terrible épreuve ! Mais sans voir correctement la direction dans laquelle il courrait...il finit par trébucher sur une racine d'arbre ! Robin tomba violemment sur une pente, il sentit son corps rouler dans la neige glacée, chaque partie de son corps se heurta aux rochers durs et pointus, les douleurs intenses de tout son être, ainsi que celle de son flanc qui triplait de volume, quelques membres de ses os se brisaient, et le sang dans sa bouche qu'il recrachait. Avant d'arrêter sa course dans la neige à plat ventre. Avant de sombrer dans le noir complet. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Robin revint à lui. La seule chose qu'il pouvait ressentir c'était la douleur mélangée au froid glacial et lui-même baignant dans son propre sang. Combien de temps avait-il perdu connaissance ? Quelques secondes ? Quelques minutes ? Ou même quelques heures ? Il l'ignorait. Mais Robin n'avait plus la force de se relever. Le moindre petit geste était si douloureux qu'il avait l'impression de défaillir une fois de plus. Alors voilà comment ça allait ce terminer ? Allait-il mourir ici ? Dans le froid ? Robin entendit des pas approcher dans la neige. D'après le bruit, la personne était seule. Il fut soulagé que ce ne soit pas les soldats qui l'ai rattrapé. Mais il pensa. Alors qui était-ce ? Wilfred ou l'une des filles ? Frère Tuck ? Petit Jean ou quelqu'un de sa bande ? « Robin ? » Cette voix lui était familière. Mais bizarrement, il trouvait que c'était la première fois qu'il l'entendait aussi douce et pleine d'inquiétude. « Robin ! » Le concerné entendit la personne se rapprocher de lui, pour lui poser sa main sur le dos et le bougea légèrement pour l'examiner. Rien que ce geste arracha à l'adolescent un gémissement de douleur. Le moindre frôlement était juste atroce ! « Tu as été cogné fortement et en plus tu as reçu un coup de couteau ! Si tu ne reçois aucun soin au plus vite, tu vas mourir ! » s'exclama l'inconnu, horrifié par son état. Robin tourna sa tête pour voir son sauveur. Il n'en revenait pas de découvrir qui il s'agissait ! Devant lui se tenait le Baron Alwine en personne ! Que faisait t-il là ?! Le Baron venait à lui sans ses gardes du corps, ce qui était étrange de sa part. Mais le plus étrange c'est que le Baron ne regardait plus le jeune homme avec sadisme mais celui-ci semblait avoir une réelle préoccupation pour lui. Au vu de l'état de Robin, ce dernier ne ce souciait pas de ce changement anormal, il était face au meurtrier de ses parents ! Était-il là pour en finir avec lui ? Le jeune homme remarqua une petite lame à la taille du Baron, bien qu'il ne l'utilisa pas, Robin paniqua tout de même. Sous l'impulsion de l'adrénaline, l'adolescent trouva la force de se redresser et de lui donner un violant coup dans le menton. Alwine tomba à la renverse, et Robin se releva douloureusement pour s'enfuir malgré son corps suppliant d'arrêter tout geste. Le Baron se releva difficilement en posant sa main sur son nez ensanglanté. Il ne s'était pas attendu à se que le garçon l'attaque et encore moins à une telle violence. Bons sang ! Mais qu'est ce que le gamin a cru qu'il allait faire ?! Comme si qu'on lui répondait, Alwine ressenti son poignard contre sa taille. C'était donc pour ça que le garçon aux yeux bleus-nuit avait paniqué ? Robin s'écartait à petit pas désespéré. Maintenant que l'adrénaline était passé, les douleurs de son corps était revenu pire encore pour l'avoir forcé à une telle violence ! Il savait qu'il ne pourrait pas s'enfuir étant sans armes et gravement blessé, le Baron avait son poignard et allait sûrement vouloir se venger. Il était perdu, mais il avait bien l'intention de ne pas mourir sans combattre ! « Attends Robin ! » Sans comprendre pourquoi, le jeune héritier des Huntington s'arrêta et tourna la tête. Le Baron s'était relevé et avait un regard déterminé « Regarde. » il dégaina la lame de son fourreau, se qui fit monter la panique chez l'adolescent, allait-il en finir avec lui maintenant ? Mais à sa grande surprise, l'homme jeta son poignard dans la neige le plus loin possible et releva ses mains en signe de paix. « Tu vois ! Je n'ais pas l'intention de te faire du mal Robin ! » Le garçon le regarda avec méfiance. « Si je suis ici c'est uniquement pour t'aider ! » cria Alwine. Robin n'eût pas le temps de réfléchir. Les douleurs de son corps étaient insuportable, sa vision se troublait, et il sentait ses genoux lâcher. Avant de s'écrouler dans la neige et que tout ne devienne complètement noir. Le garçon se demanda uniquement si avec son ennemi mortel aussi prêt, avait-il encore une chance de se réveiller ? À suivre... Alors, qu'elles sont vos impressions ? Les choses deviennent mystérieuses. D'après-vous, pourquoi Alwine est venu de lui même disant qu'il veut aider Robin, alors qu'il a toujours voulu sa mort ? Qu'elles sont ses intentions ? Est-ce un piège ou pas ? N'hésitez pas à me mettre un commentaire. À plus pour un nouveau chapitre ou une nouvelle Fanfiction ! ","Summary":" Salut chers lecteurs ! D'après ce que j'ai pu voir, il y a peu de gens qui écrivent des Fanfictions"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Un voleur donnant de sa personne","Author":"Voracity Karn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11425793","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Voici un projet bien particulier... Franchement, revoir les Disney à mon âge ne me réussit pas ! Disclaimer : Cette version de Robin des Bois appartient à Disney. Les personnages étant représentés par des animaux, j'ai gardé le vocabulaire animalier. Certes, ils ont des mains à cinq doigts, mais je préfère utiliser le terme de \"pattes\". (Après, allez revoir le film d'animation, vous verrez que j'ai raison :D) Bonne lecture ! Corrigé par le Mongol -Son visage est doux... gracieux... aimable... doux au baiser... Petit Jean grimaça en entendant Robin mentir à ce point. Ils allaient être démasqués, c'était sûr ! Tu vas trop loin, ami Robin... Mais il oublia bien vite ses soucis, trop occupé à délester le prince de ses richesses. Derrière les rideaux violets tirés, Robin sourit, profitant de la pénombre pour dépouiller son souverain et ce, sans scrupule. Il n'y avait plus grand-chose à voler, à vrai dire, en-dehors de la couronne du roi Richard et les riches étoffes qu'il portait. Et c'était à cette partie qu'il allait s'attaquer. Un autre que lui aurait laissé tomber, à l'idée d'avoir à déshabiller un homme qui le voulait mort, en plus que la tâche soit périlleuse. Un autre que lui l'aurait menacé d'une arme ou assommé afin de mener à bien ce vol. Voire tué. Mais ce n'était pas le cas de Robin. -Pour la suite des prédictions, si votre majesté veut bien quitter ses fourrures... murmura-t-il sur un ton charmeur. Les mots roulaient sur sa langue et son regard brun se planta dans celui noir du faux roi, le mettant en confiance. Les fourrures changèrent vite de côté de table, mais le Prince ne s'apercevait toujours de rien, Persifleur boudant dans son panier. Par ailleurs, on pouvait l'entendre marmonner tout bas malgré l'ordre de faire silence donné un peu plus tôt. -Je vois un royaume prospère sous votre patte délicate... La caresse sur sa patte récupéra les anneaux en or laissés par Petit Jean, les glissant dans ses manches sans même regarder. Leurs regards ne s'étaient pas lâchés une seule fois, prouvant l'adresse du voleur. Et son habitude. -Que voyez-vous d'autre ? Souffla le prince. -Je vois... je vois... Sa voix se fit plus profonde, plus rauque aussi. Elle ne collait plus vraiment avec l'apparence de jeune paysanne qu'il avait choisie, sa perruque glissant dans son dos, son foulard s'étant dénoué malencontreusement. Certes, le maquillage et les boucles d'oreilles étaient toujours là, mais des renards de son âge, il n'y en avait pas des centaines aux environs de la forêt de Sherwood. Et le prince Jean en avait conscience. Ignorant quelles étaient les motivations de Robin des Bois, il le laissait faire, s'amusant de la situation. Et, soyons réaliste, le contact de sa patte sur la sienne n'était pas désagréable. Bien au contraire. -Je vois... reprit la fausse voyante. Je vois un vieux souvenir... extrait des limbes du passé... Passant les brumes du temps jadis... Ses yeux roulaient dans ses orbites, comme pris de démence, accentuant le côté mystique de la séance. Robin ne savait pas vraiment ce qu'il faisait. À l'origine, c'était une séance de chapardage, mais ça tournait de manière étrange. Le regard face à lui était bien trop foncé, bien trop envoûtant. Il aurait dû regarder ailleurs, fermer les yeux, n'importe quoi. Mais c'était trop tard, il était comme aspiré. -Mmh... Et quel souvenir est-ce ? Le ton impatient du prince suffit pour lui faire reprendre ses esprits. -Le... le souvenir ? Ah, pas bon, sa majesté était agacée. -Ah, oui, le souvenir... Il se concentra, tentant de reprendre ses esprits et de dominer l'échange, mais c'était peine perdue. Il avait raté le coche, il ne lui restait plus qu'à poursuivre dans sa lancée. -Je vois... deux enfants... Oui, deux enfants courant à travers des champs de fleurs et la forêt... la forêt de... -La forêt de Sherwood, proposa son interlocuteur. -Oui, cette forêt-là, la forêt d'ici... -Et donc ? Ces enfants ? S'énerva le prince Jean. Quel intérêt. Vont-ils me mener à ma perte ou m'apporter plus de gloire et de richesse ? Faut pas pousser non plus... Mais plus aucun des deux ne reparla. Leurs yeux s'étaient à nouveau retrouvés. Et ils ne voulaient pas se lâcher. Leurs prises l'un sur l'autre se raffermit mais ils n'y firent pas attention. Et dans leurs deux esprits, le même souvenir se jouait. Un jour de soleil comme les autres, où l'heure de s'occuper des animaux était passée et sans corvée pour les enfants trop jeunes. Et, trop jeune, Robin l'était. Jeune renardeau espiègle, toujours prêt à faire des bêtises et à embêter le monde. Et ce jour ne changeait pas aux précédents, bien au contraire. Robin avait jailli de sa couche comme monté sur ressort et avait sauté sur les couches de ses frères et sœurs, recevant plaintes et grognements, jusqu'à ce que leur père ne l'attrape au passage et l'amène dans la cuisine. Il fut intenable tout du long, et ce fut un grand soulagement de le voir disparaître à travers champs, sa queue jaillissant parfois, tache orange et blanche incongrue dans ce paysage estival. Le renardeau fila jusqu'au manoir où il avait déjà vu deux enfants de son âge. Une renarde et un lionceau. Tous deux sous la surveillance paisible d'un jeune lion. Caché contre un des barreaux de la grille, Robin ouvrait grand les yeux et tentait de retrouver les enfants de son âge dans le large jardin. Lorsqu'il les repéra, il jeta une poignée de cailloux dans cette direction. Le garçon en reçut sur la tête et il parut au bord des larmes pour moins que du gravier. La fillette, elle, se retourna dans la direction du jet, intriguée. -Oh ! Jean, regarde ! Elle l'attrapa par le poignet et courut jusqu'à Robin qui patientait, un peu anxieux. Allait-il pouvoir en faire des amis ? -B'jour, marmonna-t-il timidement en regardant le sol. La petite renarde babilla joyeusement, de ce charabia enfantin, alors que le lionceau, lui, se cachait derrière elle, lui jetant quelques regards intimidés. Ils finirent par le suivre en-dehors des remparts de pierre si sécurisants pour les champs et tout autre nouveau terrain de jeu que la nature leur offrait. Enfin, ce ne fut pas chose facile d'échapper à la surveillance de leur aîné mais il finit par s'absorber dans la lecture de l'ouvrage qu'il transportait. -J'm'appelle Robin, et vous ? Ce qui intéressait le renardeau, c'était de se faire de nouveau amis. Plus Jean -ils s'étaient présentés- que Marianne. De toutes façons, les filles c'était nul, alors il restait Jean pour s'amuser comme il fallait. C'est-à-dire grimper dans les arbres, faire des batailles de boue, faire du tir à l'arc, chasser pour de faux, se faufiler dans des terriers, piller des nids... bref, faire des trucs de garçons, quoi ! Mais Jean traînait des pieds, se blessait, couinait et appelait sa mère, tandis que Marianne, elle, s'empressait de lui emboîter le pas, se salissant et abîmant sa robe, luttant sur le sol inégal et s'écorchant à tout va. Ils ne s'arrêtèrent que pour se goinfrer de fruits trouvés sur des buissons, guidés par les connaissances du renardeau. Mais, même comme ça, le soleil finit bien par entamer sa descente, signal du futur retour dans leurs habitations respectives, pour leur plus grand déplaisir. -On se revoit demain, hein ? Voulut savoir Marianne. -Moi, en tout cas, je serai là ! Promit Robin avec force. -Moi aussi ! S'exclama la petite fille en réponse. Comment elle allait se débrouiller avec sa nourrice et son oncle, c'était une autre histoire. -M... moi aussi, bégaya Jean en regardant le sol, intimidé. Sa mère allait sûrement le gronder très fort et Richard se moquera de lui, lui rappelant à quel point il ne faisait pas du tout royal malgré son sang. -Alors à demain ! Les salua gaiement le renardeau. Il disparut dans les bosquets, déjà impatient que le lendemain survienne. Et ce petit manège dura ainsi sur une courte période. En effet, il allait bientôt falloir rejoindre Londres pour les deux nobliaux, ce dont ils se désolaient tous les trois. -Vous reviendrez, hein ? Souffla Robin un soir. -Évidemment ! S'exclama Marianne. Jean fut plus hésitant mais tout aussi sincère. À lui aussi leur amitié lui avait plu ! -Mais mon papa dit que les promesses ne sont que du vent. Alors on va devoir trouver quelque chose pour être sûrs, d'accord ? -Rien qui ne fasse mal, hein ? Balbutia Jean. J'ai pas envie d'avoir mal, moi... -Même pas un tout petit rituel de sang ? Tenta le renardeau. Une goutte, rien de plus ! Le lionceau pâlit et son ami n'alla pas plus loin. -Je sais, on pourrait partager un verre d'alcool ! J'ai entendu les gardes dire que ça rapprochait. -Une dame ne boit pas d'alcool, déclara Marianne. -Mais t'es pas une dame, toi, t'es rien qu'une fille ! Objecta Robin. Il couina et sautilla sur place après avoir reçu un coup de pied dans le tibia. -Je sais ! On n'a qu'à se marier ! Maman m'a dit que ça liait les gens à travers le temps et qu'ils ne se séparaient jamais ! Enthousiastes, les deux garçons lui demandèrent comment préparer la cérémonie et tous s'y attelèrent bien vite. -Vite, vite, le soleil va bientôt se coucher ! -T'inquiètes pas, Jean, j'ai rapporté du feu, comme ça t'auras une torche pour rentrer chez vous ! Se vanta Robin en souriant. Il avait récemment perdu des dents, ce qui faisait glousser Jean à chaque fois. -Marianne ? C'est bon, alors ? On a tout ? Reprit-il. -Robin, tu me donnes le tournis, se plaignit la jeune fille. Arrête. Et, oui, on a tout ce qu'il faut, on va pouvoir débuter la cérémonie. Tous deux applaudirent avec enthousiasme, suivi gauchement par Jean. C'était un code secret ou cela faisait partie du mariage ? -Bon, c'est moi qui dirige ! Décréta la petite renarde. Robin ouvrit la gueule, prêt à argumenter, mais un simple regard suffit pour la lui faire fermer. -C'est moi qui sais, alors c'est moi qui dis ! Rappela-t-elle en croisant les bras. Elle les décroisa une fois assurée que, oui, ils lui laissaient les commandes. -Tenez-moi les pattes, tout le long, commença-t-elle. Le regard rivé sur le sol, elle faisait remonter tous les souvenirs qui pourraient lui être utiles. -De par mon sang et mon honneur, je jure devant Dieu et tous les saints, de toujours rester fidèle, dans la joie et la tristesse, dans la richesse et la misère... Ne sachant plus quoi dire d'autre, elle se tut, jugeant sa phrase pas trop mal. Un coup d'œil vers son cousin et son ami la fit soupirer. Ils la regardaient avec de grands yeux, la gueule béante. -À vous ! Siffla-t-elle. Ils obtempérèrent, bégayant un peu et butant sur les mots de la fin. -Maintenant, nous allons partager ce verre... lâchez-moi les pattes, enfin ! Les garçons étaient vraiment patauds, grogna-t-elle intérieurement. Elle prit avec révérence la poterie maladroite faite quelques jours plus tôt et emplie d'une eau recueillie à une source sauvage. Bon, elle avait perdu la moitié de son contenu, déjà, mais ce sera bien suffisant pour tous les trois, non ? Elle y trempa les lèvres et la fit passer aux deux autres qui firent de même. -Nous voici donc liés. -C'est tout ? Demanda Jean d'une petite voix, étonné. Lui aussi avait vu des mariages, fallait pas croire ! -Non, évidemment ! C'était plus délicat, Marianne espérait qu'il n'y aurait pas d'objection. -En guise de bonne volonté, nous devons nous embrasser, avoua-t-elle rougissante. Contre toute attente, Robin et Jean hochèrent la tête. C'est vrai qu'on s'embrassait toujours lors des mariages ! Se hissant sur la pointe de leurs pattes, ils frôlèrent leurs babines avec celles de Marianne. -On est liés pour toute la vie, maintenant ? Demanda Jean. -Et plus encore ! Surenchérit Robin, tout guilleret. -Liés pour la vie, hein ? Ricana le prince Jean. -Et plus encore, répondit le voleur sur le même ton. Comme ce soir-là, leurs pattes se tenaient fermement et leurs yeux brillaient de magie. -Tu es un hors-la-loi, Robin, je devrais t'enfermer, souffla le noble. -Et toi tu es plus que riche, je devrais te dépouiller... -N'est-ce pas déjà ce que tu fais ? Le même sourire se glissa sur leurs gueules, mi-moqueur mi-nostalgique. -Mais je n'ai pas encore dérobé toutes tes richesses... Aussitôt, Jean recula la tête, amer. -Marianne, évidemment... Tu lui as déjà ravi le cœur il y a fort longtemps, tu vas l'épouser, maintenant, j'imagine... -Ravi le cœur ? Répéta le renard, ne comprenant pas. Et pourquoi voudrais-je l'épouser ? Relevant la tête, il croisa le regard un peu naïf de son premier ami. Mais, alors ? -Mais... tu n'en es donc pas amoureux ? Tout le village de Nottingham le raconte ! Richard s'est même moqué de Marianne de nombreuses fois sur ton sujet ! Robin pencha la tête sur le côté, oubliant son déguisement de voyante qui ne tenait, de toutes façons, plus. À force de bouger la tête, les boucles d'oreilles étaient tombées sur le sol en un tintement discret. -Elle ne m'a jamais intéressé de cette manière. Elle était un peu agaçante quand on était enfants, tu ne trouves pas ? Il haussa les épaules. Sa cousine restait le seul enfant qu'il avait pu fréquenter. Difficile de se plaindre. -Maintenant que j'y pense, reprit Robin, notre petite cérémonie de mariage était un peu incomplète, tu ne trouves pas ? Il s'était rapproché, les coudes plantés sur la table, ses paupières toujours alourdies de ce fard ridicule, la patte princière au milieu des deux siennes. -Après tout, c'était nous trois qui jurions promesse. -Maintenant que tu le dis, c'est vrai que Marianne n'a pas fait correctement son travail, susurra-t-il. Il s'était approché à son tour, un sourire narquois sur son visage princier. -C'est une erreur à corriger. Que dis-je, une erreur ? Un affront à laver ! Sans vraiment y faire attention, de nouveau hypnotisés par les prunelles adverses, ils se rapprochèrent l'un de l'autre, bien décidés à achever ce qui n'avait pu l'être du temps de leur enfance. Petit Jean surveillait son ami Robin qui, à force de rêvasser béatement, risquait de finir en accompagnement avec la soupe ! Il allait le réprimander -remplir la marmite n'était pas chose aisée- mais changea d'avis. Avoir l'air si heureux n'était pas courant à une époque aussi dure que la leur. Lui aussi sourit -bien que moins stupidement- en entendant un énième soupir. Marianne occupait ses pensées, une fois de plus. -Mon beau prince, souffla Robin à la soupe. Voracity666 Vous pouvez voter pour votre/vos fic(s) préférée(s) via mon profil ! ","Summary":" Voici un projet bien particulier... Franchement, revoir les Disney à mon âge ne me réussit pas ! Di"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Nutsy and Trigger Apologize","Author":"Disneyfangirl774","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12413526","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If you were wondering why Nutsy and Trigger behaved differently at the end of the film, this is my outlook on what they've done before Prince John, Sir Hiss, and the Sherriff of Nottingham got arrested. After working for the Sherriff of Nottingham, Nutsy and Trigger, the vultures began to feel awful. Of course, it was a feeling they've never had before. They were ashamed of their horrible actions! But before they can turn this all around, Trigger had to atone with his partner, Nutsy for constantly yelling at him. \"Nutsy, I'm very sorry I yelled at you a lot. You've always been there for me. I should've appreciated it a little more because without you, I'd be kicked around by the sheriff.\" Nutsy nodded because he knew that Trigger didn't mean to admonish him and he, too, suffered many hardships when working for that arrogant wolf. \"It's alright, Trigger, sir,\" Nutsy replied, \"I guess I'm still a little 'nutsy'.\" \"Hey, that's what makes you so special,\" Trigger assured him, \"And that, as my partner is what I like about you.\" \"At this, Trigger's partner gave him a hug of gratitude and Trigger had done the same for him in return. \"I, myself made mistakes because I'm trigger happy,\" Trigger admitted. Suddenly, an idea bounced in his mind. \"Nutsy, I've got an idea!\" Trigger said finally, \"Yeah, we'll make up what we did to Robin Hood and those poor people!\" After all, he and Nutsy were sick and tired of being beaten by that merciless wolf and doing favors for that crummy, no-good, phony, Prince John. Besides, like the poor people, those vultures didn't have a choice but to follow the sheriff's orders. In their case, imprisoning those who refuse to give him coins for Prince John, the arrogantly rich, spoiled lion, who longed to take over the kingdom for tyrannical reasons compared to his older brother, King Richard, who received more attention than John did. All of this flooding in Trigger's head for more than two seconds. \"And after we're done, we'll help King Richard arrest Prince John, Sir Hiss, and the sheriff himself.\" Without having to feel a burden of regret knotted in his stomach any longer, Trigger and Nutsy rested on their perches until they gained enough energy to spread their wings to their new allies. … Once their strength was renewed, Nutsy and Trigger took flight to find Robin Hood, Little John, Maid Marian, Friar Tuck, and the poor people. It was risky, but they had to try before it was too late. … By the time they made it, Friar Tuck, Robin Hood, Little John, and Maid Marian were preparing for Robin Hood's and Marian's wedding. \"Excuse me,\" Trigger said with much courtesy that he can manage. The badger, who the sheriff wanted to hang frowned at the vultures, while others gave them shocked looks. Little John was now the one to take a sharp glance at the vultures, who were involved in the sheriff's calamity in hanging Friar Tuck. \"Well?\" the bear asked impatiently. \"What do you have to say for yourself?\" Friar Tuck demanded to know. \"Nutsy and I are here to apologize for…\" Trigger began. \"For trying to hang Friar Tuck?\" Robin Hood blurted out. \"Why you ungrateful creatures! You should be ashamed of yourselves! Maid Marian scolded the vultures. \"For falsely imprisoning me!\" Friar Tuck pointed out. \"Get out, you scurvy vultures!\" Lady Kluck shouted. \"Go and get your tail feathers out, you bird brains!\" Little John yelled. Trigger heaved a sigh, declaring truthfully, \"Look, we haven't chosen to work for that sheriff, but if we didn't follow his orders, we would've ended up like you, all poor and end up imprisoned. We're just like you, folks. We don't have a choice.\" \"If you aren't telling the truth, so help me,\" Robin Hood said, \"King Richard will…\" \"He's telling the truth, sir,\" Nutsy interrupted. \"You better believe it because Robby wouldn't lie,\" Little John said, \"Now would he?\" \"No, sir,\" Nutsy replied, shaking his head. \"Okay,\" Little John concluded. \"Well, it looks like now we're on the same side,\" Robin Hood sighed. \"Oh, Robin Hood, let's hope it stays like this,\" Maid Marian said hopefully. \"I hope so, too, Marian,\" Robin Hood agreed. Trigger thought of a way to cheer everyone up. \"Tell you what, we'll help King Richard arrest Prince John, Sir Hiss, and the sheriff,\" Trigger promised. These words made Robin Hood think. \"King Richard is in the castle waiting for us!\" he panicked. \"Will you join us at our wedding?\" Maid Marian asked invitingly. \"It'll be a blessing to the good lord now that you changed your ways for the better,\" Friar Tuck said. \"It's a big one!\" Little John said. \"Yippee! Let the wedding begin!\" Lady Kluck cheerfully exclaimed. \"We wouldn't miss it for the world, would we, Trigger?\" Nutsy said. \"We won't,\" Trigger agreed, \"And besides, we can watch the trio of prisoners like a couple of hawks and all of you at the same time.\" He saluted as to make his point. \"Speaking of which,\" Robin Hood said, kneeling down the vultures' level, \"From what I've heard, King Richard had them arrested.\" \"And all's well!\" Nutsy saluted. \"You can say that again!\" Trigger chuckled, \"Or save that for after the wedding!\" Now, everyone, including Nutsy started laughing enthusiastically until the wedding began and like Nutsy mentioned, all went well. The End Author's note: I thought I'd get this story wrapped up and focus on these minor characters, Nutsy and Trigger. I enjoyed my time on writing this. ","Summary":" If you were wondering why Nutsy and Trigger behaved differently at the end of the film, this is my "},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Maid Marian and Lady Kluck","Author":"Disneyfangirl774","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12447982","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After writing my previous Robin Hood one-shot, Nutsy and Trigger Apologize and that nice guest review on that story, I decided to take a stab at writing this one, so please, no flames. The night after Robin Hood and his gang, including his girlfriend, Maid Marian sang a Prince John bashing song, \"The Phony King of England\", she was shocked upon Robin Hood's announcement on Robin and his best buddy, Little John leaving. \"Robin!\" she hollered desperately as she ran into her love's arms for a tight embrace, weeping. \"There, there, Marian darling,\" Robin Hood said, hugging his soon to be wedded wife, \"I'll be back.\" \"Robby's got it covered,\" Little John assured her. \"And besides,\" Lady Kluck chimed in, \"You have me to support you while they are away for I am your lady in waiting and they'll return.\" \"We'll be back before sunup,\" Little John promised. \"We'll be back in time for our wedding,\" Robin Hood vowed. Maid Marian smiled weakly through her tears and Robin wiped them away for her. \"Be careful, Robin,\" she said, still worried about her fiancé's safety. \"I will,\" Robin confirmed. \"Hurry up, Rob, we gotta get our friends back!\" Little John hollered to get his attention, \"The sheriff has them, including Friar Tuck, who also refused to pay him!\" \"Alright, Little John, I'm right behind you!\" Robin Hood called as he caught up to his partner in virtue. … While Robin Hood and Little John were away, Maid Marian stood, watching out from her window, daydreaming about what could possibly happen to her beloved. He could get shot. He could get caught by Prince John's men, if he wasn't clever enough to conceal himself with a disguise. As Maid Marian pondered and sobbed softly over these misfortunes, Lady Kluck was knitting. \"Marian, dear, stop worrying,\" the white hen said, \"He'll be just fine. After all, he's the master of disguise and he'll survive anything that no good Prince John throws at him, so be patient and relax. Do you remember when I said that 'absence makes the heart grow fonder'?\" \"Oh, Klucky, yes, I do recall,\" Maid Marian remembered and with a heavy heart, she sunk into her bed. Just then, Lady Kluck had an idea. She set her needle and her project down on top of Maid Marian's drawer and walked over to the vixen. \"Lassie, how about we look for a wedding dress?\" Feeling much better, Maid Marian turned around to face her lady in waiting. \"Really? That's wonderful!\" She sat up and hopped out of her bed. With that, the vixen and her caretaker went into her closet to find Maid Marian a wedding dress until they found the perfect one. Maid Marian gasped excitedly at the sight of the lovely white dress. \"Do you think Robin Hood would like it?\" the fox asked. \"I think he will, darling,\" Lady Kluck replied. That night, Lady Kluck and Maid Marian strode off to their beds, dreaming about the wedding. … The next morning, King Richard, Prince John's older brother convinced Robin Hood that Robin is no longer an outlaw and that Robin Hood is allowed to marry Maid Marian. \"Well, that's enough with that,\" King Richard said, choosing to end the small talk and let Robin Hood get dressed for the wedding. Then, the real king peeked into Maid Marian's room and saw that the lady fox was all dressed up for her wedding day and all thanks to her assistant. \"Maid Marian,\" he began. \"Yes, Your Majesty?\" Maid Marian inquired. \"I have good news for you,\" he continued, \"Robin Hood is now an in-law and he is yours. Congratulations!\" With that, the lion presented Robin Hood, who was now dressed for the wedding, to her and Little John stood beside the fox. \"Robin Hood, you're back!\" Maid Marian shouted gleefully as she jumped into his arms. \"You know, Robin,\" Little John mused, \"He sure is tough.\" \"Yippee! Let the wedding begin!\" Lady Kluck cheered and so, Robin Hood and Maid Marian had been hitched. The End Author's note: So, I hope you all enjoyed. I did the best I can and worked very hard on this. ","Summary":" After writing my previous Robin Hood one-shot, Nutsy and Trigger Apologize and that nice guest revi"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Firefox","Author":"Totalstar223","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11417697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alright, let's go Uh, yeah Robin, Robin you're so fast You can defeat that king in flash Yeah them guards runnin', tryin' to catch you But let's just face it, they're not as fast as you And if you keep doin' your good deed You'll be able to help anyone in need So don't think about what others have to say I've been down that road, so it's okay So don't worry about all those soaring hawks You'll outwit them cause you're a firefox Yeah, now we all know the evil King John Really? He's a king? More like a fraud! He's selfish, cruel and such a whiner Hey! Look at me! I'm a better rhymer! And when the famous Robin Hood comes to town He's sure to give John a really big frown Yeah, and when Robin is busy savin' the day John hides in fear, in such a cowardly way! So guess what John? You're the soaring hawk! While Robin Hood is the fighting firefox! Well it looks like I've about narrowed it down Robin Hood, you're the best fox in town And I hope this song makes you realize That your the hero that opens up my eyes You have a cool bow and an awesome dagger Man! I really wish I had your swagger So run like the wind and outsmart the hawks Cause dude you're a radical firefox! ","Summary":" Alright, let's go Uh, yeah Robin, Robin you're so fast You can defeat that king in flash Yeah them "},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Alone on Christmas in July:Costumed Beauty (Maid Marian TF)","Author":"The Outrageous Moose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12591561","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There is an old costume store in the middle of Mildew Lane entitled \"Costumed Beauty\". It is owned by old Donna Widow. She and a very slim few in the town of Eraldatu work there almost every day 12 hours (6 AM to 6 PM, breaks on holidays for almost every religion) Despite the small cast it is still a popular location throughout the town of Eraldatu. Any one can buy a costume, but sometimes the costumes they buy may effect their life... Jacqueline stood at the window of her apartment. The straight french-russian christian brunette at age 23 noticed it was 7/25, Christmas in July. Sure she didn't celebrate today, but she certainly knew that someone would be. If she had a friend who did she'd probably be invited to her party immediately. Jacqueline, however, had none who celebrated that. In fact she didn't have any friends in general. Why though, she thought? It couldn't due to her being an imbecile, intact she was one of the smartest kids in her school. she skipped 11th grade and got all A+'s on her senior year. (except for gym, there she got a B+.) She even managed to get to her dream college:Saint Agnes University. Somehow that was not enough to make a single a acquaintance. Maybe Jacqueline wasn't popular due to that she was unaware her uninhibitedness. She'd always blurt out secrets about her fellow classmates that they told her without thinking about what she was saying, or knowing it for that matter. As a result, people would get mad at her for things she didn't even know she did. It was a sad fact, but it was definitely a fact. She didn't know people hated her for exposing their secrets. Secrets they trusted her to keep. Being isolated for that reason is kind of sad... Jacqueline had stared out the window for long enough. \"It's raining cats and dogs...\" she contemplated \"...and it's clear the heavenly pound wouldn't come and put them on the wind truck.\" She immediately regretted saying those similes. They were just plain abominable, no snowman needed. \"Well,\" she thought, this time out loud. \"I guess that means I'll have to scrap my plans to go to the beach.\" Depressed due to the fact that she couldn't do the one thing she liked, (besides go on the internet of course), poor Jacqueline sat down on her bed with the starry blanklet. She then laid her head on her Little Witch Academia pillow and started at the celling with a poster of Mickey Mouse in his Kingdom Hearts Outfit on it. \"Looks like it's just us again Mickey.\" she spoke the poster, knowing it wouldn't respond \"It appears I'm alone on Christmas in July. Not that I care or anything. I just wish there was something for us to do.\" Then she remembered she had that cupon for that costume store she had that expired today. What was it called again? 'Costume Betting'? 'Masked Prettiness'? 'Mascot Comeliness'? Ah now she remembered! \"Costumed Beauty\". There she'd discover something else about herself... It only took 5 minutes to get to the store by car. If the traffic stayed the same rate would take 5 minutes to get back as well. When it came to picking outfits however it was definitely going to take more than 5 minutes. \"Would it be good if I went with the superhero bootleg...or should I go with a sailor fuku? Either way that maid costume is definitely off the list.\" Jacqueline's thoughts ran wild. \"It would be awesome if I choose the farmer were wolf alien cyborg hockey player. No, it's too complex. Maybe I should just go with a simple doctor. Perhaps I should just-\" \"Excuse me.\" said an old feminine voice. \"Eep!\" Jacqueline jumped in fear. (It's not female downgrading, it's just a natural human reaction.) \"Oh dear.\" the elder woman, Donna Willow spoke once more. \"I didn't mean to startle you. That's the second time this week now.\" \"Sorry, for jumping Ms...who are you exactly?\" \"Ms Willow. I'm the store owner and I overheard your little dilemma about costume picking. I think I have an idea you might like light...\" The costume that the elder woman was talking about was a mascot of Disney's Maid Marian. Jacqueline was in the already in full suit except for the head part. She could talk in the head but she still didn't know how to put it on . She just had a question that happened to be before the head was put on:\"Why exactly costume?\" \"Do you not like it?\" the store owner interrogated. \"Oh no I didn't mean it like that!\" Jacqueline explained \"It's a good costume. I'm just wondering why you choose this over the other costumes.\" \"Honestly, I just had one of my workers pick it out at random. He said that you had an aura of 'uninhibitedness'...though I highly doubt that. You don't seem like the kind of person who'd blurt out without realizing it. Do you think you are\" \"Nah, not really...wait what if I actually do do...Nope! It's not very likely anyways. Not likely but possible.\" \"I don't know if he's right about his aura. However, I think that you are indecisive. For a girl like you I think that you should rely on friends to do it.\" \"I...honestly don't have any.\" \"Your'e a loner. He sensed that too. Alone on Christmas in July. Of course, there's nothing you can do about it at the moment. Now go put on the head slowly and I will connect the straps.\" Jacqueline did place on The Marian head slowly...as slow a snail to be precise. The straps were connected faster. As soon as the head was put on Donna handed the girl in a fox costume a mirror \"Wow!\" Jacqueline was honestly supposed how good the costume looked on her. \"This is-\" \"LU!\" said a new voice. This was more masculine. \"It's more Lu?\" Donna asked. \"That wasn't me.\" said the girl in the vixen suit. \"It appeared to be that person in a Lucario suit over there! Wait...that's the real thing\" \"Mathew?\" the elder woman turned to face him as the Steel-Fighting Pokemon ran towards her \"Oh no. What's wrong?\" The Lucario,dubbed Mathew,seemed to be in a panic \"Lucar CARIO! Lucario Lucario LU! Lu Ro Lucari! Lucario, Lucario?!\" \"Oh my,\" the old woman was frightened at the Lucarios remark. \"What? What did he say?\" uttered the costume fox, still with the head on. \"No time for explaining dear. Quickly get into that door over there and I'll lock it nice and tight. I'm only doing it for your protection! They're going to take you to jail if they find you!\" \"Marian\" was still disorientated about the situation. Regardless though she went in the door and Donna locked it real tight. On the other side of the door there was a wooden wall, a wooden table with 2 chairs at both ends, and single window that projected what appeared to be a forest. \"That's odd,\" Jacqueline had began to think again. \"there weren't any trees outside the store, none the less a forest and yet here I can make one out. Then again maybe the costumes just messing with my vision or it could just be a painting.\" Unaware to the costume wearer, a change was happening in her body. The suits body was merging with her own and so would the rest of the costume as well. Her breasts had become more covered in orange fur and the dress that she wore had turned lavender and extended all the way down to the legs. It then gained a second layer of magenta formed underneath. The lavender layer went down a little bit and stopped at her breasts so they could see the underlying layer of magenta. Soon she was 1/2 Marian. But not in mind. \"Marian, my love.\" said a masculine fox. He was wearing a green shirt and no pants. He also wore a green hat with a red feather. Mabye the costume just limited her vision and she couldn't see him before. Either way, it was clear that he was a person wearing a Robin Hood costume and was trying roleplaying the character. Or maybe it was the real thing? Nah, not likely? Jacqueline decided to question him. \"Hey,the owner told you to come here too?\" \"No my love,\" said Robin \"I am my own owner, and I came here to escape the prince's soldiers.\" \"Ah,your'e into role-play. Don't worry! I'll do it too. Now, what did you say was going on?\" \"The princes soldiers are coming after me.\" \"The prince? Don't you mean king? Phony king, but a king none the less.\" During this time a tail started to grow on the costumes back. It was a red bushy one and it was so fluffy if you laid your head on it you could subsitute it as a pillow. started to lose a bit of herself, memory wise The conversation continued Robin started \"Oh yes. I agree he's a king, but since he's a phony he doesn't deserve to be called one. It is not enough to want the heart I gave to you back however.\" \"I'm sorry.\" said Jacqueline, with an accent starting to form as she sat down. \"You made a good choice in keeping it though. I promise you I will never call him a king again If that what it mens to be lovers. Wait...did I just say that out loud?\" \"What do you mean say that out loud?\" \"I'm sorry Robin I just...wait did you say the princes soldiers are coming?\" \"Well that's just when you get when you steal from the rich and steal from the poor. Some call it reverse communism. Others call it plain evil. I call it something to do to serve my sense of justice. It may not be the right sense of justice but...\" \"Hey maid,\" said someone outside the door \"open the door!\" \"There here\" Robin put his arm on Jacqueline, who could no longer remember what that name meant to her. Her transformation took their final steps, starting with her legs which became thinner. Her feet became 3 toes with claws at the end. Her face gained a black circular nose and a muzzle. Her teeth became more sharp, as sharp as a foxes to be precise. and speaking foxes her face looked exactly like one once the fur was added on. Her ears moved to the top of her head and became triagonal. Of cousrse Robin couldn't see it since it was covered up by that big old pink sash. The last bit of Jacqueline's memory faded away leaving only the lovley Maid Marian. \"What do we do?\" worriedly asked the vixen. \"I'll have to go, despite either of us want that to happen.\" Robin said with a Grimm look on his face. \"W-what? Go...on the day we first meet? Christmas in July 14 years ago? I don't want to be alone again!\" \"Neither do I, my love. But if they see me with you both of us will be put to death immediately. Despite the fact this day is the iconic start in our relationship, I don't want it to be the last day of our lives.\" \"B-but what if t-they ask what was taking so long.\" \"Go tell them I am at the old badgers house and keep our conversation a secret between us and the two of us alone. You cannot tell the royal court, the children at the orphanage, your badminton partner who happens to also be a close friend of yours. You can tell the orphanage that you thought you saw me, but I will be the one to surprise them to discover it's real. Of course, the promise goes both ways. I will not tell anyone either. Not even my sidekick, Little John. Can you promise me that you will not lose faith in our love if we can keep this secret for as long as needed?\" \"...I promise.\" said Marian as the green fox stood up from his chair and then escaped without a trace. Now fully Maid Marian in mind body and spirit, Jacqueline finally opened the door to reveal the person, or wolf, knocking was none other than the Sherif of Nottingham. He was coming around the town asking the residents for their taxes. Although it did seem odd that Marian was about to cry for no good he didn't question it. What was more important at the moment was catching that dirty no good crook Robin Hood. He did ask the maid if he had seen him, but the maid stuck to the promise and kept the secret that they had talked. And as the other part of the promise she said that she had seen him at the old badgers house a few minutes ago and she wanted the wolf to check there. After the taxes were paid and the wolf had left she went back in her cabin and stared out the window. Alone on Christmas in July again...sadly. ","Summary":" There is an old costume store in the middle of Mildew Lane entitled \"Costumed Beauty\". It is owne"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Wayward Will","Author":"Dr. Phoenix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11710412","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He never noticed me. Despite my ever growing love for him, Will Stutley never even glanced my direction. Will was always adventurous. His father expected he would follow in his footsteps, becoming a valiant knight, but from an early age, Will was defiant. Rather than studying the lessons of the royal tutors, he often disappeared into the forest for hours, preferring only the pristine, sylvan paradise for company. When King Richard left for the Crusades, Will greatly regretted that he had not complied with his father's wishes and been knighted. However, with the ruthless Prince John seizing power, placing the avaricious Sheriff of Nottingham in authority over us, Will soon found another opportunity. He decided to join up with Robin Hood and his Merry Men. As I have mentioned, he never noticed me. I was nothing more than the daughter of his father's servant. However, I noticed his absence terribly. I had known I would miss him, but I never knew I would pine for him so greatly that I was unable to sleep at night and that my meals would lose all flavor. Unable to bear it any longer, I pinned up my long hair and took a pair of my brother's breeches and one of his doublets rather than donning my kirtle and bodice. My small feet were lost in his huge boots, but my determination knew no bounds. Ignoring the tremors of my quavering hands, I began walking into the woodland. Sherwood Forest was so vast that I wondered how I would ever find my love. There were other bandits in the woods, many not nearly as benevolent as Robin Hood. After days of wandering, I felt weak from not having packed enough food and water. I was lost, exhausted from waking at every strange sound. However, it was then that my fortune changed. As I was attempting to huddle under a large tree to take shelter from the rain, I heard the sound of distant singing. Following the sound, I saw Allan-a-Dale playing his lute while the other Merry Men danced. \"Here's a visitor!\" Robin Hood exclaimed joyfully. \"Join us, dear fellow!\" Although I had been clad in men's attire for several days, I was still unaccustomed to being known as a fellow. Nevertheless, I took my place by a large fire and ate the pottage offered to me. There he was! There was my dear Will! I smiled warmly as I saw him, certain that my glowing face would betray my true identity, but as usual, he seemed completely unaware of my feelings. I believe he attempted to tell me of Robin's valiant deeds, but I was too enraptured by the sound of my love's voice to comprehend his words. I was not part of the Merry Men for even a full day, for the following morning after we had broken our fast, we were attacked by the sheriff's men. Seeing an arrow flying toward Will, I thought only to move him aside, but as I did so, I felt as if struck by a huge fist. Immediately afterwards, there was a searing sting. Overcome with anguish, I sank to the ground. The sounds of battle continued, gradually fading. After only the briefest pause, there were triumphant shouts. I knew then that the Merry Men had proven victorious with nary a man arrested or slain. Hearing someone approach, I turned my head, only to see Will kneeling beside me. \"Brave lad!\" he exclaimed. \"How can I ever repay you? Your courage and quick thinking have this day granted my life! I am in your debt, and ever shall you have my thanks!\" \"Oh, Will! All I wanted was your love!\" I unpinned my long hair. He finally recognized me. \"I…I don't know what to say! I've loved you so long, but I was afraid you would never have me, so I was too fearful to confess my feelings! I'm so sorry! I should have known!\" I barely noticed the other Merry Men surrounding us until Friar Tuck began performing a wedding ceremony. Just as Will's lips touched mine when we were pronounced man and wife, my spirit left my body. To this day, Will remains unaware of my presence, just as he always seemed to be when I was alive. I see the flowers he leaves on my grave. I stroke his hand and gently caress his face, but he always dismisses it, saying it's nothing more than the wind. I smile warmly at him and rest against his shoulder, but he always claims he notices naught but sunbeams. At times I pine for him so greatly that I sob, but Will is unable to distinguish my tears from drops of rain. Is there no way to let him know that even in death, I love him still? ","Summary":" He never noticed me. Despite my ever growing love for him, Will Stutley never even glanced my direc"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Robin Hood and Maid Marian Love and Fears","Author":"Firefly1fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12476336","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Robin Hood and Maid Marian Love and Fears Note: No negative reviews please since this is a prototype. Set after singing the Phony King of England (me and my friends' favourite bit of the film) It was quiet after all the singing and Robin and Marian were staring at the stars. \"You know Robin I was worried you had forgotten me.\" said Marian. \"But I'm glad you didn't.\" \"You know Marian I had some fears of my own.\" admitted Robin. \"I was worried about my status as an outlaw making us unworthy of each other I didn't want you to always be on my run.\" \"Robin my darling you would never be an outlaw.\" replied Marian. \"That's what Tuck said but I'm not sure I have anything to offer you.\" groaned Robin. \"You don't need to offer me anything but love Robin.\" replied Marian. \"And I'm glad you asked me to marry you I dreamed it would happen.\" \"I hope your Uncle King Richard will approve us being married eventually.\" said Robin holding Marian closely. \"I am sure Uncle Richard will.\" smiled Marian and kissed Robin. \"Don't worry my love Uncle Richard will sort out his phony king brother.\" \"(chuckles) That's funny the way you call Prince John phony king.\" smiled Robin then he frowned. \"You'll have to hide until the day Prince John is defeated.\" \"Of course darling.\" replied Marian. \"And don't worry I have faith in you that you'll stop Prince John. And so you know Robin I love you more than life it's self like you.\" \"I'm glad that is mutual.\" said Robin. And they kissed. \"We best get some sleep we have a busy day ahead of us.\" said Robin. \"That's true.\" replied Marian and they fell asleep in the grass. Next day Robin and Marian got ready to go their separate ways until Prince John was sorted out. \"Me and Johnny will keep the people of Nottingham safe.\" promised Robin. \"I know you will.\" smiled Marian and did one more kiss. The End ","Summary":" Robin Hood and Maid Marian Love and Fears Note: No negative reviews please since this is a prototyp"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"The true story","Author":"alikaflapjacc1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11454965","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my second Disney Fanfic. As the summary said, this is a human fanfic. I've never had to change a story so much before, so if you are familiar with this movie I'm sorry if I cut out your favourite bits but I'll try to make up for it. I will keep in all the characters but I'll give some names to the extra characters without any. I won't change the storyline too much so don't fret. By the way. I'll be changing the language a bit since it's an American movie. I'll make the script more old English. Enjoy. qDisclaimers: I do not own Disney not the original Robin Hood stories. Chapter 1 A young man stood by a tree playing a lute. There was an old wanted picture pinned on it but no one took any notice of it. The man who was lost in his playing heard a twig snap under my foot and he looked up. He smiled and saw me looking at the poster. The man was tall and slim, he wore a red hat covered in plumes on top of his luscious, long, brown curls. His extravagant hat matched the colour of his red shirt that puffed at his green sleeves. His high-waist breeches were black with yellow stockings that rose above his ankles. His shoes were black and shiny. They glinted in the sun. The man continued to pluck his instrument but he looked at me. \"I see that you are interested in this old image. Would you like to hear the tale?\" I nodded and he started to pluck a different tune. \"Well. The story began a few years back when Prince John made himself King of England. Our true king, King Richard, was away on a crusade unknowing to what his brother was doing. Prince John recruited the meanest, slyest men in our village and made them do his duties. Now. Where does this young man come into it?\" the bard said whilst pointing to the picture \"He was our saviour, Robin Hood. He and his friend, Little John, were King Richard's councillors so they were dismissed, along with all the rest of the palace workers. Prince John raised the taxes to satisfy his love of money but Robin Hood and Little John kept taking the money back to the people. At first it was just a little annoyance to the prince but after a few months, he made Robin wanted. He put up outstanding rewards but no one would hand him over. Robin Hood was known to be loyal, fair and kind to the villagers. Everything that the prince wasn't. He was also very clever.\" The storyteller must have seen my questioning glance because he smiled and said \"Where is he now? That is what I am getting to.\" He sped up his plucking and started to sing. \"Robin Hood and Little John walked through Sherwood Forest one day. It was sunny and hot and it suited their mood, for they were lively and gay. Robin Hood was lithe, slim, with russet-coloured hair. He wore his green suit and hat which had been fixed many times. He wore brown, fabric shoes that were good for running in, which he and his fellow friend did many a time. Little John was not very little. In fact, he was quite the opposite. John, also known as Jonny, was huge. He stood at 6ft 3, had a large belly and wide shoulders. He was very bear like and strong. John had brown hair and brown eyes. He wore the same clothes as Robin, without the red feather in the hat. He towered over his smaller friend, who was 5ft 10. They were both young men. Robin was two and twenty and John was one and twenty. The young men came across a river and fell into it after both tried to cross the only bridge, a tree, at the same time. The water was cool and refreshing. Neither had had a bath in a long time so they splashed around, trying to clean themselves. In the end they both gave up and drank the fresh water instead. They had a gleeful time until the tax collector of Nottingham and many of his soldiers. The new tax collector was a horrid man named Charles Williamson. Charles was a brute of a man. He had a large belly, sharp black eyes and his facial features were rather like one's of a wolf. He wore a bright red waistcoat over a white, muslin shirt and brown tweed trousers. Prince John had replaced the kind, understanding man with the one who was surrounding the two men. Although he was a cruel man, the collector wasn't smart at all. Robin and his friend ducked under the water and swam away. They found a bank of gland where they could get out. Robin was hauled out by John and they ran away fast. In the background somewhere, they could hear the tax collecter shouting orders. The voices and sounds of running feet got closer. Then, arrows flew behind them. One after the other. Some of them grazed along the two men but one lodges itself into Robin's hat. John and Robin jumped over fences, dodged trees and arrows in their need to escape. Eventually they came to some trees that they could hide in so they climbed up the easiest but most sheltered one. Below them, Little John and Robin could hear Charles shouting \"Search on men. They will be here somewhere.\" Once the voices dulled down ahead, the hiding men felt comfortable enough to speak. \"Well old friend.\" Robin said cheerfully \"That was rather an exciting start to the day. Don't you think Jonny?\" \"Exciting?\" John choked \"We were almost their reward. I would not call it exciting Robin.\" \"Oh don't spoil my fun Little John. I thought it was rather thrilling.\" \"Welll I wouldn't,\" said John in his heavy Suffolk accent \"And just look at your hat. What if that was your head or heart?\" Robin tutted and pulled out the arrow from his hat. He poked his finger through and looked at the large rip. \"Oh dear. I'll have to fix this. You have to admit though,\" he noted \" They are getting better.\" \"Yes they are.\" John agreed \"And when they catch us, we'll die either way. Shooting or hanging.\" He put his hand around his throat and squeezed slightly to prove his point. \"It will be hard to laugh in the noose my friend.\" Robin swatted at John's hand and laughed. \"Oh don't be so glum now my friend. It hasn't happened yet. Let's not dwell on darkness. It does us no good.\" John smirked at the happy go lucky nature of his friend. In the distance came the sound of bugals and drums. Robin's ears caught the sound and he looked through the curtain of leaves. Far off in the horizon came a marching band and a carriage. The carriage glinted, as if it was made of gold. He looked at his partner. \"Little John. Look at this. There must be money for the village in that carriage.\" His friend groaned and rubbed his face. \"Robin. We've been through enough today. What about we take a break from stealing?\" Robin clicked his tongue. \"Steal? No no my friend. We do not steal For that is a bad word. We simply...\" Robin paused for a second to think of an appropriate word. \"Borrow. Yes. That's what we do.\" John laughed. \"Borrow? My oh my. We are in dept Robin.\" ","Summary":" This is my second Disney Fanfic. As the summary said, this is a human fanfic. I've never had to cha"},{"Movie":"American Psycho","Title":"Experiment","Author":"It'sTimeToDance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4847444","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was not serious. It wasn't a cry for attention, nor a search for punishment. An experiment, if you will. The driver had begun to smoke, and I told him to put it out, lighting my own cigarette, when the police station rolled by. I tell him to stop, and I get out. I stood in front of the doors, suddenly anxious. I feel a wave of breeze catch the back of my neck, and go in. There was a police officer at the desk, smoking and drinking coffee, and he gave no indication of my presence. I cleared my throat, and he looked up. I told him I'd like to report a murder, \"I've killed alot of people.\" The man looks at me, and I notice his two dollar hair cut hidden under a lined blue officer hat, an exact match of his loosly creased suit with the iron on crest. He takes a pen, and a notepad, and looks back at me. He looks bored. \"Really?\" he ask, \"How many?\" I take a moment to think about it, unable to deduce an exact fragment of a number. I lean in, \"Alot of people.\" The officer, who's thick brimmed glasses glare at both myself and the clock, says dismissivly, as though I were a child, \"Do these people have names?\" \"Some.\" I say. A women is across the room, and she stares and points at me to another women, who is much prettier. \"Uh huh,\" the officer says, \"Look, guy. I don't know who you think you are--\" \"Patrick Batemen, Pierce and Pierce,\" I throw my new business card with the embossed watermark and the elegantly thickened lettering on an eggshell formatting that looks perfect on the worn desk top. He picks it up and nods, \"Yeah, well, Patrick Batemen, we don't got time for our little jokes, so why don't you just go on out with your friends and pick a whore or somethin'.\" He throws my card back on the desk, and I grind my teeth, \"Last night I axed a hooker in the face and then baked her vagina into a pie.\" The man seems unaffected, and tells me to leave. He has work to do. I leave, go back to the car. I tried. Author's Note: Hergh?? Wha?? ","Summary":" I was not serious. It wasn't a cry for attention, nor a search for punishment. An experiment, if yo"},{"Movie":"American Psycho","Title":"American Psycho: One Less Loose End","Author":"MISTER MacUpdatesTooRarely","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5915786","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Patrick Bateman. I'm twenty-eight years old, six feet tall, seventy-four point eighty-four kilograms. A daily workout routine ensures I stay extremely fit, and a daily, almost religious bathroom regimen ensures I have perfect skin. I'm a vice president at Pierce & Pierce on Wall Street. I own seven Valentino suits, three Armanis, two pairs of Oliver Peoples glasses, and four pairs of Gucci dress gloves, including a remarkably comfortable black Italian leather duo that I normally wear on cold nights such as this one. I particularly like this pair because they're warm, practically tailor-made, and provide an excellent grip, such as for when I'm strangling some insufferable dickhead like Donald Kimball in the cramped dirthole he, until maybe thirty seconds ago, called home. I say thirty seconds ago because although he stopped breathing well before that, I recalled reading that you have to keep up the pressure even after the loss of consciousness to kill someone. I could always check for a pulse, but I don't want to remove an article of clothing in this mess of an apartment. It's obviously smaller than mine, but really, the man made a living as a private detective; I imagine his salary is far less than what I spend in a week. Although our previous conversations made him out to be a man of some taste – he enjoyed \"Huey Lewis and the News\", and even knew the better nightclubs in upper New York – his dwelling is clearly not that of a high-society man, yet another reason for me to remove his stain from this already-bleak city. It was the soup, I'm sure of it. Oh yes, Kimble had been annoying me ever since Paul Allen went missing, and I already had a number of grievances against him that could only lead to this outcome, but if he hadn't been so clumsy as to spill his $25 creamed potato soup on my extravagantly expensive, tailor-made Brioni suit coat, I might have been nice enough to finish him off with the knife I picked up from his kitchen when I went to mix a drink. Of course, he didn't invite me to his home, nor would I have accepted had he done so. However, I've found that in the course of my existence here, it's become increasingly easy for me to disappear even in the sparse late-night New York crowd. I was almost put off by the grubbiness of the tenement building Kimball disappeared into, but I've become accustomed to dirtying myself somewhat. Kimball, surprisingly, did not own a firearm. I'm sure of that because if he had, he would have tried to retrieve it when I went in search of liquor after breaking his legs with the baseball bat from the umbrella stand beside the door. I didn't drink to make the subsequent murder easier – I never feel so much as a twinge of doubt before such acts – but to alleviate the intense contempt I feel rising up inside me for this man, this grubby, pathetic excuse for a human being who wore imitation leather and earned money by harassing people he had no business speaking to. People such as me. From the photographs on the coffee table, I gather he has a son and at least used to have a wife; this is not a family apartment, with its tiny kitchen, sparse dining-slash-living room, and the lone bathroom I refuse to enter. All this I take in derisively before releasing Kimball's corpse, allowing his otherwise-motionless form to slide to the floor. There is still some scotch in the glass, and I down it somewhat gratefully, although it's neither a particularly luxurious brand nor very well kept, judging by its taste and temperature. As with the others whose lives I may or may not have taken, I feel nothing but the sudden absence of the murderous urges that brought me here. I never feel less human than when I stand over some poor schmuck's carcass and utterly fail to care that I have just ended a life. This complete emptiness is what I feel most of the time, and it is what I feel as I carefully cover Donald Kimball's now-empty shell in dry newspaper before striking a match and leaving him to burn. It is what I feel as I close the door behind me and briskly walk down the empty corridor and out through the faded wooden door into the chilly Brooklyn evening. As I stride leisurely down the sidewalk, the emptiness is slowly but only partially filled by a grim but nonetheless delicious satisfaction. This is perhaps the rarest of emotions for me; although recent events have caused me to question my sanity and perception of reality, and although I can never truly know what I have done or to whom I have done these things, and even though I am never sure whether I actually kill the people I intend to – I like it. ","Summary":" My name is Patrick Bateman. I'm twenty-eight years old, six feet tall, seventy-four point eighty-fo"},{"Movie":"American Psycho","Title":"L A D Y K I L L E R","Author":"dynastyxdecapitated","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13167751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MISSING STUDENT FOUND DEAD, NO LEADS IN CASE POLICE SAY. NO WORD FROM FAMILY. The body of Dawn Elliott has been found and her identity has been confirmed by Manhattan police. The twenty-three year old Fashion Institute student had been missing since Tuesday; and had not returned from going out to the popular lower downtown nightclub TUNNEL. Police lead a harrowing search, and early this morning, the girl's remains were found in the shallows of the East River. According to first responders, her body was found severely lacerated and missing appendages (specifically her right leg and arm, from the elbow, down). A medical examination determined Dawn had been in the river for only a few hours, and had been dead for only a day- from blood loss due to the lacerations. Sexual assault is also suspected. Cecilia and Adam Elliott, gave no official statement regarding the discovery. Dawn Elliott's funeral is to be held, privately, this Saturday at Trinity Chapel. Flowers and condolences may be sent to Pierce & Pierce financial building, addressed to Mr. Adam Elliott, respectively. ","Summary":" MISSING STUDENT FOUND DEAD, NO LEADS IN CASE POLICE SAY. NO WORD FROM FAMILY. The body of Dawn Elli"},{"Movie":"American Psycho","Title":"Hate you, love you","Author":"Mitsudani","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3072107","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HATEnYOU, LOVE YOU AnnAmerican Psycho yaoi fic bynMit-chan Prólogo: Estenfanfic no es exactamente una continuación de mi anteriornhistoria sobre American Psycho (\"Under Control\"... que... bueno,ntodavía no terminé... U ), pero tiene lugar despuésnde los hechos que pasan allí, así que conviene que haganun pequeño resumen: Patrick estuvo en Sandstone (el hospitalnpsiquiátrico de Nueva York donde está internadanpermanentemente su madre) durante seis meses, tratando sus problemasnmentales (no podía distinguir entre lo que era real y lo quenno lo era, y sufría de morbosas alucinaciones que luego creíanque eran verdad, por lo tanto no mató a nadie sino que todonera su imaginación). La causa fueron las drogas, el alcohol ynla inestabilidad mental heredada de su madre. El fanfic termina connPatrick siendo dado de alta (no me pregunten cómo hizo paranque se le quitaran las alucinaciones, jejeje... U ) por el doctornSteve Zilmar (que tuvo una especie de affair con Pat ), quien anpartir de ese momento lo visita dos veces por semana para asegurarsenque todo marche bien. Otronamanecer. Patrick ya no era tan obsesivo en su rutina de la mañana,npero aún le costaba mucho desacostumbrarse. Se habíanlevantado a las seis y recién a las ocho y media estuvo listonpara ir a la oficina, llevando un saco de tweed y un pantalónnde dos pinzas de Yves Saint Laurent, zapatos de cuero de cocodrilo denA. Testoni y una corbata de seda roja de Armani. Se le cruzónpor la cabeza si sería la misma con la que lo habíanvisto Luis en aquella fiesta de Navidad en Arizona 206... pero... no,nLuis había dicho \"de rayas rojas\" , no \"roja connlunares blancos y azules\"... Además él no usaríanuna corbata durante tanto tiempo... Ya faltaba poco para octubre yncumpliría 29 años... Y en última instancia nonquería recordar a Luis... Apenasncomenzaba la tercera semana desde que había salido denSandstone. Llegónal edificio de Pierce & Pierce en taxi, mientras escuchaba en sunwalkman una canción de Bon Jovi. Entró al lobby, saludóncon la cabeza al vigilante matutino, firmó y se dirigiónal ascensor. -nBuenos días, Halberstam – lo saludó Paul Owen,nconfundiéndolo como siempre, apurando el paso antes de que sencerrara la puerta de ascensor. Owen había vuelto de Londres anprincipios del año. Su presencia inquietaba bastante anPatrick, ya que era el único de sus \"víctimas\" alnque veía actualmente, y por eso tal vez ni siquiera se habíanmolestado en corregirlo cuando lo seguía confundiendo connMarcus Halberstam... Sin embargo, a pesar de todo, su apatíanhacia él, aunque mucho más atenuada, seguíanpresente. Y ahora que lo veía de cerca, se sentíanincluso más envidioso que antes del cabello rubio de Owen,nadmirando el modo en que lo llevaba cortado y peinado hacia atrás. -nBuenos días, Owen. – respondió Patrick presionando elnbotón de uno de los pisos superiores, donde estaban susnoficinas - ¿Todavía te sigues ocupando de la cuenta denFisher? - -n¿La cuenta de Fisher? – Owen por poco lanza una risita –nHace tiempo que nadie me lo preguntaba. No, ahora estoy en otrosnasuntos... más importantes. ¿Y cómo te va a ti?n- -nBien, tú sabes... como siempre. – dijo Patrick tratando densonreír. -nSabes, hace unos días escuché que el hijo del dueñonde la firma estuvo medio año en Sandstone, ¿puedesncreerlo? ¿Qué opinas, Halberstam? ¿Crees que seanverdad? - Patricknsintió un repentino escalofrío. \"Lo dices como sinte importara...\" pensó \"... y ni siquiera sabes anquién tienes enfrente...\" -nYo escuché que estuvo medio año... en Londres. –nmintió al fin Patrick, demasiado habituado a disimular. Afortunadamentenpara él, el ascensor llegó a su destino. -nNos vemos, Marcus – saludó Owen a punto de doblar en elnprimer pasillo. -nAh, Owen. – dijo Patrick para detenerlo. - ¿Quénespuma para el cabello usas? - Paulnse volvió, algo sorprendido por la pregunta. – Ten-X. –nrespondió. Luego agregó: - Bonito bronceado. – Patricknentró en la oficina, balanceando su attaché de cueronnegro de Bottega Veneta. Jean, sentada en su escritorio, enseguidanlevantó la vista. Por alguna extraña razón,nCraig McDermott estaba sentado también en la sala, esperando. -nBuenos días, Patrick. – dijo Jean sonriendo. – MisternMcDermott estaba esperándote. ¿Quieres escuchar losnrecados o...? - -nNo, no, después. – la interrumpió Patrick enseguida.nLuego miró a su colega: - ¿Qué diablos hacesnaquí, McDermott? Tan temprano... - -nVamos, Bateman. No me dirás que... - Elnestruendoso ruido de la puerta, abriéndose bruscamente, hizonque Craig se callara inmediatamente. Jean, Patrick y él senquedaron perplejos al ver a un hombre corpulento, vestido con unnaburrido mameluco gris, sosteniendo con fuerza con su brazo derecho anPaul Owen por el cuello, y apuntándole con un revólvernen el mentón con la mano izquierda. -n¡Levanten las manos! ¡Todos! ¡¿Dóndenestá mister Bateman! – preguntó gritando el hombre,nsin dudas un empleado de limpieza o algo así, sumamentenalterado. -n¡Le digo que ésta no es la oficina de mister Bateman! –ndijo Owen a su vez – Es la de Marcus Halb... - -n¡Cállate o te volaré la cabeza! – volvióna gritar el hombre - ¡Hagan lo que les digo o lo mataré!n- Patricknpensó que no lamentaría demasiado si hicieran pedazos anOwen, y fue el único que no levantó las manos, peronMcDermott y especialmente Jean parecían realmente asustados yntodos fueron conducidos por el empleado a la oficina de Patrick.nAllí, el hombre soltó a Paul dándole un empujónny luego apuntó a todos con el revólver. -nBueno, ¡¿quién de ustedes es mister Bateman! - -nSoy yo – admitió Patrick, sorprendiendo solamente a Owen. –nSi bajas esa arma y hablamos como personas civilizadas tal veznpodamos re... - -n¡CÁLLATE! – El hombre golpeó con el puñona Patrick en la cara, arrojándolo contra la ventana. – Connque eres tú, ¿verdad? El hijo del desgraciado dueñonde esta compañía... – Y luego disparó hacianPatrick. La bala rozó su brazo derecho, arriba del codo,nhaciéndole un corte bastante profundo y convirtiendo en añicosnel vidrio de la amplia ventana que estaba detrás de él.n- ¡Sube a la ventana! ¡Hazlo! - Patricknno lo escuchó, sólo llevó su mano izquierda a lanherida, mirando su traje arruinado. -n¡Haz lo que te digo o la mataré! – gritó elnhombre, ahora sosteniendo a Jean como antes había sujetado anOwen. - ¡Sube a la maldita ventana! - Patricknpensó que no le hubiera echo caso si la vida que peligraba eranla de McDermott o la de Owen... pero no quería que le pasarannada a Jean. \"Ya se me ocurrirá algo...\" pensó. -nEstá bien, está bien... – dijo, parándose ennel marco de la ventana con cuidado – Me subiré a la ventana,npero tranquilízate. No ganarás nada si me matas, enncambio si me dices que... - -n¡¡¡Yo me quedaré sin empleo, pero el dueñonde esta maldita firma se quedará sin su hijo! – Y sinndecir más, el hombre disparó al hombro derecho denPatrick, haciéndolo perder el equilibrio por la fuerza delnimpacto. -n¡MARCUS! – Owen corrió hacia la ventana, sin pensar ennnada, y sujetó a Patrick de la muñeca derecha. Élndio un grito de dolor. Aprovechandonla confusión, McDermott se había lanzado contra elndesquiciado empleado, logrando que soltara su arma y a Jean, y ahoranambos luchaban frenéticamente en el piso. -n¡Marcus, sostente! – dijo Owen tratando de ayudar a Patrick ansubir. -n¡No me llamo Marcus, imbécil! – gritó Patrick.n– ¡Soy Pat Bateman! - -n¿Qué? - -n¡Que me llamo Pat Bateman! - Ennese momento, Paul trató de subir a Patrick tirando de su brazonherido, pero el grito que dio su colega lo obligóninmediatamente a detenerse. -n¡Dame tu otro brazo, Marcus! - -n¡PATRICK! ¡Te dije que me llamo Patrick, idiota! –nPat cerró fuerte los ojos - ¡Y no quiero que túnme salves! No tú, ¿entiendes? ¡NO TÚ! - -n¡No digas idioteces! – Y dispuesto a no aceptar másnobjeciones, Paul tiró del brazo de Patrick, a pesar de susngritos de dolor, hasta que estuvo a salvo en el suelo de su oficina. Dosnguardias de seguridad, que había llamado Jean mientrasnMcDermott peleaba con el atacante, se llevaban esposado al infeliznindividuo. -n¿En verdad tú eres... Patrick Bateman? – le preguntónOwen agachado a su lado. – Todos estos años... ¿pornqué no me lo dijiste? - -nDe todas formas a mi padre no le hubiera importado que muriera... –ndijo Patrick, como si no hubiese escuchado a Paul. Enseguidanllegaron dos médicos; uno para atender a Patrick, y otro paranatender a McDermott, a quien le sangraba la nariz. Casinun mes completo había transcurrido del incidente con elnempleado despedido de Pierce & Pierce. A pesar de que las heridasnde Patrick casi habían sanado, él no estaba para nadancontento con las marcas que éstas habían dejado en suncuerpo. Esanmañana había llegado más tarde a la oficinanporque tenía cita con el Dr. Zilmar, en la cual habíannhablado (en realidad, retomado, porque ya habían pasado casintreinta días y habían conversado varias veces sobrenello) del asunto del empleado enloquecido, pero en esta oportunidadnla conversación había tomado otro rumbo completamentendistinto. Patrick estaba recostado en el sofá blanco delncuarto de estar de su apartamento, todavía llevando puesto sunpijama de seda de Ralph Lauren y encima su antigua bata de telanescocesa. -nVeamos... No querías que Paul Owen te ayudara porque dices quensiempre lo odiaste... – había dicho el Dr. Zilmar,ndeambulando por la sala – Pero es muy evidente que lo que túnsientes no es odio, sino envidia... - -n¿Y acaso la envidia no puede llevar al odio? - -nSí, pero también puede ser... admiración... ¿Nonme habías contado que admirabas su cabello? ¿Quénotras cosas admiras de Owen? - Patricknrecordaba que aquella pregunta le había causado gracia y en unnprincipio se había negado a responderla, pero el doctor leninsistió y tuvo que contestar: -nNo lo sé... algo en su... en su voz? No, no tiene sentido... –nY se sentó en el sofá, confuso. Enseguida,nel Dr. Zilmar se había sentado muy cerca de Patrick y le habíansusurrado al oído: - ¿Paul Owen... te gusta? – PeronPatrick sí que no respondió a eso y dijo que se lenharía tarde si no se apresuraba. Antes de irse, el Dr. Zilmarnhabía mencionado algo sobre que Patrick se negaba a susnpropios sentimientos y no los exploraba, sólo porque lo úniconque siempre le había importado era \"encajar\" en lanconservadora sociedad yuppie. Y ahora (luego de pasar su díanen la oficina) mientras caminaba por el pasillo, Patrick no hacíanmás que pensar en aquella conversación de la mañanany cuando estaba por llegar a la puerta del ascensor, una figura sencruzó en su camino. -nHola, Hal... quiero decir, Bateman. – lo saludó Owennsonriendo. Su cabello rubio lucía como si no hubiese pasadontiempo desde la mañana - ¿Tú tambiénnsales tarde de la oficina? Mucho trabajo hoy, ¿verdad? - -nS-sí... Mucho trabajo... – respondió Patrick. Denrepente se lo ocurrió una idea, algo que jamás en lanvida se imaginó haciendo. Sin que Owen lo notara se desprendiónlos tirantes de la espalda, y cuando ambos estuvieron solos en elnascensor, dijo: - Ah, disculpa Owen, ¿podrías hacermenun... favor? - -n¿Si? – dijo Paul sorprendido. -nCreo que... mis tirantes se desprendieron de mi espalda...npodrías... volver a sujetarlos? – Patrick se esforzónpara que sus palabras sonaran espontáneas y se apresuróna agregar: - Lo haría yo, pero... aún me duele elnhombro derecho y si muevo mi brazo hacia atrás... - -nClaro, no hay problema. – Owen se encogió de hombros. –nSostén esto. – Y le dio su sobretodo. EnseguidanPaul dejó su attaché en el piso del ascensor (lasnpuertas estaban cerradas, pero aún ninguno de ellos habíanpresionado el botón de la planta baja) y se colocóndetrás de Patrick. Luego deslizó sus manos debajo delnsaco Armani de su colega y tanteó su espalda buscando losntirantes. Patrickncerró los ojos, tratando de controlar su excitación alnsentir el toque de Owen. Extrañamente, Paul tardóndemasiado en sujetar los tirantes, pero antes de alejarse de suncolega le preguntó: - ¿Está bien así?– -nS-sí, gracias. Gracias, Owen. – dijo Patrick. Y se lenocurrió otra impulsiva idea: en lugar de devolverle a Owen sunabrigo, le dio el suyo, que también llevaba en las manos. Elnotro hombre ni lo notó y enseguida tomó su attachény presionó el botón de la planta baja. -nEntonces... – dijo Owen para romper el incómodo silencio -n¿Estuviste en Londres durante medio año? - -nAh, sí, en Londres. – mintió Patrick de nuevo –nPor... negocios... – Luego le preguntó: - Ya no vives en elnUpper East Side, ¿verdad? Tendría que actualizar minagenda... - -nTe daré mi número de teléfono. – respondiónPaul sacando enseguida de su attaché una pluma de oro Cross ynun hoja de papel. Anotó el número y se lo tendióna Pat. Cuandonsalieron del ascensor, saludaron al vigilante (Owen lo llamónHugh, aunque Patrick estaba casi convencido de que se llamaba Gus) yncada cual tomó un taxi. Se acercaba el fin de semana. Patrickndeambulaba de un lado a otro en su sala de estar, indeciso, hastanque, en lo que pensó que fue un súbito arrebato, tomónsu agenda, el teléfono inalámbrico y marcó losnsiete dígitos del número telefónico de Owen.nEscuchó el tono de llamaba y después: \" Hola.nÉste es el número de Paul Owen. En este momento no menencuentro en casa. Deje su mensaje después de la señal.nQue tenga un buen día\". \" Unnmaldito contestador...\" pensó Patrick enojado. Apenasnescuchó la señal dijo: - Hola, Owen. Soy Pat Bateman.nSabes, ayer cuando nos vimos... Bueno, tienes mi sobretodo y yontengo el tu... – -n¿Patrick? – lo interrumpió Owen levantando elnteléfono. – Tienes suerte, estaba a punto de salir. - -nAh, genial. Era sólo para decirte que ayer, cuando estábamosnen el ascensor en Pierce & Pierce, cometí un error y te dinmi abrigo... - -n¿En serio? – dijo Owen. No parecía estar dándolenmucha importancia al asunto. – No me di cuenta... - -nAcabo de cancelar una cena con un cliente esta noche en Pastels –ncomenzó Patrick de repente, mintiendo con total espontaneidad.nNo sólo no iba a cenar con ningún cliente, sino quentampoco había hecho reserva en ese ni en ningún otronrestaurante. – Sé que es un poco tarde pero, ¿quieresnvenir? - -nMm... debo estar en M.K. dentro de veinte minutos para cenar con ReednThompson y Kevin Wynn, pero... – Paul hizo una pausa algonprolongada, revisando su agenda – Si quieres podemos ir mañana.n- -nDe acuerdo – dijo Patrick disimulando su satisfacción. Parandar una excusa agregó: - No te olvides del abrigo. Es decir,nel mío, el Bill Kaserman. - -nDescuida, no me olvido. Nos vemos, Pat. – Y enseguida colgó. CuandonPatrick entró a Pastels y el maître lo condujo a la mesanque había reservado (segundos después de habernterminado de hablar con Owen un día atrás, paranasegurarse una buena mesa, aunque sabía que si llamaba elnmismo día de la cita no habría problema) vio que PaulnOwen ya estaba sentado allí. -n¿Ahora me dirás que te dé un respiro por llegarntarde porque eres hijo de divorciados, como la última vez quencenamos juntos? – dijo Paul sonriendo mientras Pat se sentaba. -n¿Lo recuerdas? Fue hace tiempo... - -nEs lo único que recuerdo de esa cena, Bateman... –nPaul movió la cabeza a los lados, pero sin dejar de sonreír,ncomo si recordara algo gracioso pero que no estaba bien. -nEntonces esta vez me aseguraré de que no te emborraches. - -n¿Dónde había sido? ¿En Le Cirque? - -nNo, en Tex Arcana. – respondió Patrick, cortantemente. Nonquería recordar nada sobre eso (la noche que habíandelirado que mataba a Paul Owen). Enseguida tomó la carta delnmenú y dijo: - Pediré el plato de endibias con salsa denalmejas, ¿y tú? - -n¿Tan rápido quieres que pidamos? Tranquilízate,nBateman. Siempre se toma algo antes de la comida. - Patricknllamó a un camarero: - Una Diet Pepsi y una botella de Evian.n– Luego el muchacho se volvió hacia Owen, quien estabanpensando que pedir, pero enseguida Pat se inclinó sobre lanmesa, sin dejar de mirar al camarero y le dijo: - Ya pedí pornlos dos. La botella de Evian es para él. – Mientrasnel joven se iba, confuso, Owen miró a Patrick connincredulidad. - ¿Quieres que tome... agua? – -nOwen, no tengo ningún deseo de que esta cena sea igual a lananterior – dijo Patrick con mucha seriedad – Es más, voy antratar de que sea completamente diferente. - Paulnse encogió de hombros, pero cuando el camarero regresóntrayendo sus bebidas, se apresuró a pedir su comida (langostancon caviar y ravioles, uno de los platos más caros del menú)ny una botella de champagne. Patrick no objetó nada y pidiónsus endibias con salsa de almejas. -n¿Sigues yendo al mismo gimnasio? – preguntó Pat unanvez que estuvieron comiendo. -nSí, claro, pero de todas formas sigo saliendo a correr. ¿Yntú? - -nVoy a Xclusive, como siempre. Sigo mi propio programa denentrenamiento desde que... – Patrick hizo una pausa, no estandonseguro de que quería decir lo que seguía. Luego, ninsiquiera podía creer escucharse a sí mismo admitiendonmientras miraba a Owen directamente a los ojos: - Bueno... desde quenmi entrenador personal quiso acostarse conmigo hace unos años,nen otoño. - -n¿Estás bromeado? – dijo Owen con gracia – ¿Enndónde lo encontraste? - -nMe lo había recomendado Luis Carruthers. - -n¿Luis Carruthers? ¿En serio? – Paul se mostrónbastante sorprendido y Patrick pensó que seguramente se lonestaba confundiendo con otra persona. Enntotal la cuenta ascendió a 277 dólares que Patrick senapresuró a pagar con su tarjeta American Express Platino,ndiciendo que él había invitado. Reciénncuando estuvieron fuera de Pastels, buscando un taxi, se devolvieronnsus respectivos abrigos. -n¿Vamos a Tunnel? – propuso Owen mirando la calle. – Aunquena ésta hora quedaremos un poco descolgados sin esmoquin... - -n¿No me ibas a mostrar tu nuevo departamento? – dijo Patrick. -n¿Qué? - -nAyer me dijiste que me mostrarías tu nuevo departamento –nmintió Pat. -nNo, nunca te dije eso – repuso Owen. -nPues yo no quiero ir a Tunnel – -nBueno, mira... – Paul hizo señas a un taxi que justo pasabany habló sin mirar a su colega: - Podemos ir a mi departamentonpara que lo veas y si no quieres ir a Tunnel yo me cambiaré ynllamaré a alguien para que me acompañe. - Patricknasintió mientras se subían al taxi. Por ahora todo ibansaliendo como lo tenía planeado. Unanvez en el apartamento de Owen (que a Patrick no le pareció ninmás lindo ni más feo que el anterior), Paul sirvióndos vasos de J&B; con hielo, pero Pat tuvo que pedirle que al suyonlo rebajara con un poco de agua, como al final terminónhaciendo con los dos. Ambos se quitaron los sacos. -nTodavía trato de recordar esa cena en Tex Arcana contigo,npero... diablos, no recuerdo casi nada... – dijo Owen sentándosenen uno de los sofás individuales. – Creo que cuando volvína casa dormí toda la noche... Y por la mañana me llamanmi secretaria diciéndome que tenía que ir a Londresnpor... tú sabes... negocios urgentes... Estaba tan cansado quenapenas puse algunas cosas en una maleta y me fui. Luego tuve quenhacer que me enviaran mis otras cosas a Inglaterra. ¿Túnsaliste a algún lado después? - -nNo, aluciné toda la noche – respondió Patrick,nsabiendo que Owen se lo tomaría como una broma – Hasta hacenseis meses atrás creía que aprovechándome de tunborrachera te había llevado a mi departamento y... te habíanmatado dándote hachazos en la cara. - Yncomo era de esperar, Paul soltó una sonora carcajada. Patricknpermaneció completamente serio, mirando a Owen a los ojos: -nOwen, hablo en serio. Estuve más de un año creyendo quente había matado. - -nBromeas, ¿verdad? – dijo Paul todavía sonriendo. -n¿Vas a decirme que sí estuviste medio año en...nSandstone...? – La expresión seria de Patrick le hizonpronunciar la última palabra con tono dudoso. -n¿Puedo pasar al baño? – preguntó Patrickncambiando de tema abruptamente. -nS-sí... pasa... – Owen le señaló dóndenestaba, lleno de confusión. Una vez solo se puso a pensar,nmirando fijamente su vaso de whisky: ¿sería cierto quenBateman estuvo medio año en un hospital psiquiátrico?nNo parecía tener problemas mentales... Siempre se veíanmuy normal. Tan simpático, tan apuesto, tan encantador...nAquel día en que el empleado desquiciado los habíanatacado y Patrick casi caía por la ventana, simplemente nonhabía podido permitir que algo malo le pasara. No a alguienntan atractivo y tentador... Luego estuvo varios minutos reflexionandonsobre por qué Patrick nunca lo había corregido, durantenaños, cuando lo confundía con Marcus Halberstam, hastanque escuchó a su colega llamándolo desde el baño. -n¿Por casualidad estás ahí adentro con un hacha,nesperando a que entre? – bromeó Paul acercándose a lanpuerta, que estaba cerrada. -nTú no guardas un hacha en la ducha de tu baño, ¿no,nOwen? ¿Acaso crees que traje una escondida en el bolsillo denmi traje? Pasa. - Owennse encogió de hombros y abrió la puerta lentamente,nbien atento e incluso con un pequeño dejo de temor,npreguntándose qué querría Patrick. -n¿Me enseñas cómo te peinas el cabello hacianatrás? – preguntó Pat mirándolo, con un frasconde Ten-X en la mano, que había sacado del botiquín. Owennse quedó asombrado al verlo: Patrick estaba frente al espejo yntanto su camisa de algodón de Hugo Boss como su corbata denseda Armani y sus tirantes estaban en el colgador de toallas. Tambiénnse había quitado la espuma para el pelo, enjuagándoloncon agua, porque ahora estaba despeinado y húmedo. -n¿Qué pasa? – preguntó Patrick al ver a Paulncallado, aunque estaba completamente convencido de que su expresiónnera de una profunda admiración. - ¿Nunca viste a algunonde tus colegas sin el cabello peinado hacia atrás? - -nNo, no, sólo... Bueno, estoy oficialmente envidioso – dijonOwen sonriendo. – Tienes un cuerpo estupendo. – En realidadnestaba pensando en que el entrenador personal de Patrick habíantenido buenas razones para querer acostarse con él. -n¿Me muestras...? – Patrick le dio el frasco de Ten-X. -nClaro. – Owen se colocó detrás de Patrick, se inclinónsobre su hombro izquierdo y lo rodeó con sus brazos para podernponer un poco de espuma en su palma derecha. Sin embargo, antes denpresionar el dosificador del frasco, se detuvo. – Creo que... noniré a Tunnel esta noche. – Y lentamente comenzó anbesar el cuello de Patrick, luego a desprender sus pantalones. Susndedos comenzaron a escabullirse dentro de los boxers Ralph Laurennblancos de su colega. Pat giró su cabeza hacia su izquierdanpara dejar que Paul lo besara. -nTu... rostro... – balbuceó Patrick una vez que el prolongadonbeso terminó. Por un momento lo único que creyónver fue sangre. Sangre. Sangre. Sangre. Enseguida se apartó denOwen y salió del baño. -nLa habitación es por allá – dijo Paul apresurándosena salir detrás de él y tomándolo del brazo. Patricknno dijo nada y se dejó conducir hasta el dormitorio dondenhabía un futón encima de una estructura de roble. Patnse preguntó si todos los yuppies dormirían en futones. -n¿Qué sucede? – preguntó Owen sonriendo,ndespués de besarlo de nuevo. - ¿Ya no quieres seguirnseduciéndome? - -nNo sé... de qué... hablas... – dijo Patrick. Susnpensamientos parecían estar en un torbellino. -nVamos, Patrick... Ni que hubiera nacido ayer. – Owen tirónapenas del brazo de Patrick para conducirlo a la cama. – Vennconmigo, lindo yuppie. - -nNo me llames así. - -n¿Así cómo? - - Yuppie . - Paulnsonrió con gracia: - Eso somos, Pat. Yuppies . – Alnescuchar eso Patrick sintió un fuerte escalofrío, peronde repente su mente se aclaró, por alguna razón que ninél mismo lograba comprender. -nNo – dijo, sonriéndole – Un yuppie de verdad no haríanesto. – Y comenzó a quitarle la ropa a Paul. CuandonPaul y Patrick despertaron por la mañana ambos sabíannque debían ir a la oficina, pero eso no los alteróndemasiado. Mientras se bañaban, juntos, volvieron a hacer elnamor (ya lo habían hecho tres veces durante la noche). -nLlegaré tarde si voy a casa a cambiarme... – dijo Patricknmirándose frente al espejo, con un peine de dientes anchos ennla mano. -n¿Qué no vas a ponerte el que traías? – le dijonPaul, mirándolo. -nPero... ¿y qué si alguien de la oficina estuvo anochenen Pastels? - Paulnse le acercó y lo abrazó por detrás: - Pat, langente de Wall Street vive confundiéndose entre sí...nSoy un buen ejemplo, ¿no? No se fijarán. Si se fijan,npuedes negarlo. Y si tanto te importa... bueno, puedo prestarte unonmío. Por cierto, tenemos la misma edad, ¿no es así?n– Patrickncerró los ojos por un momento. Se sintió aliviado alnnotar que al escuchar a Paul sus obsesiones desaparecían. Élnya no era el mismo. Owen sin dudas tampoco. -nTienes razón, usaré el mismo – dijo. -n¿Todavía quieres que te enseñe cómo menpeino el cabello? – preguntó Paul, casi rozando los labiosnde su compañero. -nLe tenía envidia a tu cabello, a las cuentas que conseguíasny hasta a las limusinas que contratabas, mister Owen – Patricknsonrió. – Pero ahora todo es muy distinto. Antes te odiaba,nahora sólo te amo. - OWARI POR:nMitsudani / Febrero 2004 AmericannPsycho © Bret Easton Ellis ","Summary":" HATEnYOU, LOVE YOU AnnAmerican Psycho yaoi fic bynMit-chan Prólogo: Estenfanfic no es exactamente u"},{"Movie":"American Psycho","Title":"So Much For I love you","Author":"Tanzanite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/739754","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first attempt to write a psychological fic, hope you enjoy it *************************************************************************** So Much for I love you by Tanzanite I was the only one who escaped from his wrath... yet i was the one he regreted the most... It's hard to tell, but I got to know him; not the polite, even naive-seeming facade; but I got to know the other side: The evil One, the heartless serial killer he was; the one who kept human corpses hidden in his appartment; the one who enjoyed torturing his victims long before he took their lives. The irrational psychotic murderer. I can clearly remember the night he decided to keep me for the greatest good. We met at the bar of the night club we used to go frecuently back then; He looked at me and started talking. One of my few virtues is to be a good listener; sometimes I can hear things that people don't say out loud; that's how I realized the kind of psycho I was talking to; can't say i wasn't scared, but there was something else. That night, without a single word comming out from his mouth, he told me about his lonelyness and aprehention, and I felt pitty, for that lost boy in a place that wasn't his and in a time he didn't belong to. He needed someone to know his secret and face him with it; someone to help him out. He needed me, and that had me one step ahead of him. As time passed there was also the fact that I loved and admired him; I truly cared about him, because he was as out of place as I was and in his case it was further more devastating. But believe me when i say that this wasn't just about saving my own life. He talked and I listened, without saying a word. It was just when he paused to take a sip from his glass that I finally spoke. -So, appart from being a serial killer, what did you say you do? -I asked as cassually as I could. -I... How could you know? -he sounded stoned, but somehow relieved; at the same time, he grabbed his gun and was about to shot me right there and then. -Don't do this -I said- Trust me that I can help you, we'll find a way out of this. He finally agreed and trusted me that I was on his side. I was safe. He had no one else to turn to; and he wasn't about to kill the only person willing to help him out. The days after were the most exhausting of my entire life: phone calls at midnight from him, crying because he had just ripped a girl's heart out and sliced her head off; and I had to go there and see the things he had done. Sometimes we washed the blood together, but most of the time he did it on his own. His friends disliked the idea of us being together, they say I couldn't fit in their circle; and that was to much pressure for him to bear. We started seeing each other in secret. Like I said before, he always had two faces; and I was much a part of the dark one. I loved him and I knew he loved me 'till the end. And every time i think of the times we lived together I can truly speak about love. But his problem was harder than I thought; Even though I gave my last breath every moment to try and help him, the cicle was unbreakable. he was so desperate that he had to murder people just to ease the preasure, but after each crime the preasure increased and he was left moe desperate than ever. And no matter how much I tried to stop it, he kept on following the same patterns. When I say that I loved him, is for you not to think that my betrayal was merely selfish. I betrayed him because I had to; I had no other way, neither did he. and i truly know that what i did last night was for the greatest good; to save the lifes of more inocents and to save him as well, from himself. I betrayed him because I loved him. That night I knocked his door, and he knew it was me, for he inmediately turned off the chain saw he was using to cut that woman into pieces. his fine suit was all blood crusted, and the metallic smell of it filled my nose. I took a step back; not like I'd never seen him like that, but this time, my heart was filled with guilt. -I won't go in, untill you clean that mess -I said and he nodded in silence. I waited for a long time, fearing that any single movement, any single word, the way I breathed, any single gesture would be enough for him to realize that something was wrong. Maybe he had missed the tapes I took with me the last time I was there, the ones where he recorded some of his crimes. He was to observant to let any single detail escape. -All cleaned -he said, when he came back wearing a clean shirt and jeans. I held him close and caressed his face softly. He looked so cute, so inocent... We were on his living room, and he paced arround the room, nervous. I sat on the couch feeling just like him. Neither of us talked for what seemed an hour, we just looked at each other. Then I broke the silence. -You need help - I said softly. -Of course, That's why you're here. -He replied. -You need help better than mine -I insisted. -And You think I haven't already tried that? -He said, obviously pissed for my incompetence- I have tried everything you can think of, but those things do nothing to help me out. That's why i kept you alive, cause you promissed that you'll help. -But it's over me, I can't do much about it -I cried. -It's been like these ever since I can remember -he didn't seem to have heard me- An it's getting worse every day, And theres nothing you can do for me, THERE'S NO FUCKING THING YOU CAN DO FOR ME!!!!!!!!- he wailed. -I can buy some time -I whispered and then turned to face him; already crying and sweating in despair- I've got to go -I said softly. -Thats it, you're leaving me? -he asked in rage. -No, that's not true -I tried to calm him- I just need to go for a walk and think; but I will come back, believe me, I love you and we'll find a way. -Promisse, tell me you wil come back -he said, his wrath mixed with despair. -I swear I will come back and when I come back, you'll be fine -I said and closed the door behind me. I was already out of the building when the police got in. ","Summary":" This is my first attempt to write a psychological fic, hope you enjoy it **************************"},{"Movie":"American Psycho","Title":"Patrick Bateman Anticipates Harry Potter","Author":"M. Soames","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3669414","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Patrick Bateman Anticipates Harry Potter I made sure to arrive at Borders early. While I had the final Harry Potter book reserved, Borders had an inane policy of giving out numbered bracelets to show one's place in line at night, and the bracelets became available as soon as the store opened on Friday. My limousine pulled up at eight o'clock on the dial of my Rolex. I stepped out dressed in a black top-coat by Valentino, a light suit by Giorgio Armani, shoes by Prada, Versace sunglasses, and gloves I picked up from Bergdorf Goodman. I approached the store, reservation in my top left interior pocket, eyeing a group of layabout fatties and emo-kids dressed in apparel from stores such as Hot Topic, Pac Sun and the like. Moving past them, I stood in front of the door. \"Hey, do you work here?\" one of the fatties, a girl, asked. Enraged that anyone would think I would stoop so low as to work in sales, and that anyone would think someone with my body, tan and clothing would even conceive the notion of so much as taking a measly internship at such an establishment, I managed to keep my cool and tell her no. \"Then the line starts over there,\" she said, pointing behind her group. I ignored her. For the next fifty five minutes, I stood in front of the double-doors of Borders Books and Cafe watching people through my Versace sunglasses. There were two hardbodies, a true blonde and a brunette, that turned me on. Finally, two of the fatties from the group behind me and a thin goateed hippy fuck came up to me and started to hassle my stake as the legitimate first person in line. One of the fatties, the shortest, a goth, wore a cheap baseball cap that might have fallen out of a dumpster, glasses that made Harry Potter look stylish, and a top that revealed too much of bad cleavage. Above her breasts was tattooed a large pentagram, and below her lips were two metal studs. Compared to her, Rosie O'Donnell looked like Marilyn Monroe. She wasn't even a she. She was an it. I reiterated my stake. \"You are NOT getting in there ahead of us! We were here since SEVEN O'CLOCK! You are NOT going in first!\" I tried to remain calm, even though they had touched my last nerve, and somehow kept my hand away from the nine millimeter in my pocket. \"You get OUT of this line,\" the repulsive goth yelled, \"or I will make you get out!\" I took out my wallet, found five hundred dollars, and stuffed the money down its shirt. The doors to the store opened, and I entered. I waited in my limousine after I had secured my numbered bracelet, and kept an eye out for the goth. As they were leaving, I stepped out of the limousine, chloroformed it, and dragged it into my limousine. I told my driver to take me to the dock, where I rented a warehouse for just these occasions. About forty minutes later, we were at the warehouse. I dragged the goth in, and closed the door. It was a musty old place with bad lighting. I undressed it (every article of it wore was made in either China or Korea), re-pocketing the five hundred dollars I'd stuffed down its shirt earlier, then I tied it up to an old wooden chair that looked like it was from the nineteen seventies and assembled in a half-assed manner by chinks. It looked like it had never exercised a day in its life. I waited for it to wake up, and it started screaming at once. First, a tore out its piercings, under the lips, then through the earlobes and above and in the eyebrows, then I cut its bottom lip off with a deluxe serrated knife I purchased from a German specialty dealer. Lip in hand, I rubbed it against the thing's vaginal area, then threw it aside. Blood had run onto the pentagram on its chest. I cut that off next, exposing bone and blood. Slicing the bottoms of its breasts open in order to render it flat-chested, I cut the lips of its cunt off, and stuffed them down its throat. Its struggling and screaming had me so turned on I came in my Burberry underwear. For the finale, I untied its legs from the bottom of the chair, and folded them up around its head, retying them at the ankles right above its forehead. From there, I shoved the knife into its throat, and pulled it out so I could watch it bleed to death. But before it had lost consciousness, I procured a larger knife, sawed off its head, and stuffed it up its vagina. Satisfied, I took a picture of it with my Palm Treo, sent that to my computers at home and the office, and went to discard it. Before I discarded it, I cut chunks of its fat out to make it less unbearable, then threw it into the sea. That night, her group wondered where she was while I got the first copy of Harry Potter. How I hope he dies. ","Summary":" Patrick Bateman Anticipates Harry Potter I made sure to arrive at Borders early. While I had the fi"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"After Effects","Author":"endofnonentity","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6183166","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The game had finally come to an end, he should be happy and he knows that. Yet, it was hard to take something that had replaced your life and suddenly just end it. Sprawled out across the floor, propped up on a multitude of pillows Simon stared up at the custom domed screen that replaced the walls and ceiling of his computer room. The screen was on, but no programs were running, in fact the dull crackling of static was the only sound at all filling the space. Silvery grey-blue eyes stared unseeing at the white fuzz, mind a million miles away wrestling with the thoughts stuck in his head. The fame still hadn't worn off, and Simon has never been so thankful for the obsessive populations need for information. It wasn't that he couldn't stand not having the attention, it was the distraction he desired, he had done the interviews with various stations, answered the same set of questions over and over again until he didn't even need to listen to the inquiry anymore. Once that had begun to subside there was nothing to keep his mind from wondering to the man he had shared months of his life with. The Nanex program had been completely obliterated but, there was a lingering sensation, like part of him was missing. It was completely insane and he knew it but, when ever he slowed down and had time to think, there was this….numbness. As long as he kept his over active mind busy it was easy to ignore, problem was the end of Slayers and the downward spiraling hype and controversy over Castle games left him with little else to dwell on. His family was still preoccupied with anything and everything aside from him, both parents working long hours and soaking up the status that having a superstar son came with. They were the complete opposite from him, he had just wanted a new game to play, a new achievement to run after. While the attention had been nice, it got old and did little to fight off the thoughts now chasing each other around inside his head. The fallowing months after Kable received his pardon, Simon had allowed himself to hope that maybe just maybe the man wanted to meet him. The idea passed with time and had become the lingering desire to simply run into him. A trip to the grocery store or the movies slowly morphed into a routine of unintentionally searching for the well-known face, features permanently pulled into a slight scowl, blue eyes flicking from person to person, noting all similar silhouettes. When it became borderline obsession, the teen had opted to stop going out at all, berating himself for being childish. So he sat in this room, the one that had been his connection to the outside world, to Kable and let his mind go blank rather than let the truth bother him. No one would ever want him simply because he was him. People liked his fame, his money, his Icon. They liked his gamer persona but, no one really cared if they knew a skinny, pale seventeen year old kid who took no shame in living off Daddy's bank account and had no real interest outside of playing online games. The admission startled him from his unconsciousness, silver eyes blinked, once again taking in their surroundings. Rolling over he hoisted himself to his feet, stretching far enough that it was almost painful but, felt too good to stop. Bones popped and muscles pulled, taut from forced stillness. Exiting through the fake wall that led into the hall way, he made his way to the kitchen, mind set on the task of making a sandwich. Like every day one task at a time, no thinking about…Him. Damn it, and he had been doing so well today. Going to the fridge he forced his thoughts back to lunch and started searching for the almond butter he knew he had bought last time he had gone out, his hand was half way to the jar when it hit him. Why the hell shouldn't he get what he wanted? Growing up with his father had taught him that if you act like you deserve something then you get it. Slamming the refrigerator door shut the dark haired teen practically ran back to the room he had previously been occupying. With one quick motion a window popped open and he began to scroll through news dealing with his Icon. How hard could it be to find a man when the entire internet was literally at your finger tips? Not to mention he is his father's son, the world is yours when you have a few connections and a lot of money. The fallowing Thursday night Simon was wandering around the not quite so nice part of town, fallowing the directions he had memorized to a particular bar that he was not old enough to be going to. That small piece of information was not about to stop him, especially if Kable was actually here tonight. To be honest, Simon never wanted anything else than to meet the man he had been forced to bond with. Like he had so naively commented during the in game session right after he had installed the Mod to talk to Kable, he was his psycho. When that mind set had begun, there was no clear distinction. The bar was not like most of the ones that occupied the city, the brick building was dark, soft music played from a juke box that held actual CD's to choose from. Most of the customers sitting at the bar where older, many well known regulars that didn't have to give their preferred drink to the waitress. The building its self had not been too hard to find, the will to enter it though was still suspiciously missing and that alone was enough to keep him rooted to the sidewalk. This wasn't normal, not for Simon. Usually when he made up his mind, there was no second guessing, no questioning he would just do it. Self assurance had never been something he lacked. To be truthful, he was afraid that this would not go as planned in his head. Taking a deep breath he crossed the street, relaxing back into his old self. There was only one way to find out. The glass doors hit a bell announcing his entrance and a few heads, grey with age glanced his way to see who had entered. The bar tender shot him an annoyed look, no doubt not wanting to have to explain the obvious, that this was a bar and Simon could not pass for being of age. \"Why don't you just turn around and walk back out?\" Silver eyes averted from their search of the room, rising to meet the tall and slightly balding man standing behind the bar. \"Actually I'm just looking for someone, I'll be gone a lot faster if you can offer me some help.\" He offered a self assured smile, the same kid he gave his father when he was about to ask for something really ridiculous, the kind that always got him what he wanted. Taking the initiation he moved forward across the dimly lit room. \"He's an older guy, late thirties just over six foot, scruffy beard, kind of a loner…brown hair, blue eyes goes by John?\" Tilting his head to the side waiting for a response, pink lips parted just slightly, posture relaxed and casual. \"You just described half the people that come in here kid.\" Excusing himself, the bartender turned to pour a drink for a customer, leaving Simon to ponder his options. When he didn't leave immediately, the bartender sighed. This kind of job made profiling easy and it didn't take a genius to see this kid's type. He was spoiled; probably used to throwing money around to get what he wanted and that was not about to work now. Wordlessly Simon dug a photo he had printed off line out of his jeans pocket and slid it over the counter. He didn't really want to start going into details about what Kable looked like, though if necessary he could; he knew pretty much every thing there was to know about the man, it had all been listed in his Slayers stats and being the dedicated gamer that he was Simon had committed them to memory the first week of the game. On top of that, he knew each and every scar that had been obtained in each weeks session or at least most of the major ones. How could he not? It was important to pay attention to your Icon's vitals and what injuries made doing what painful or impossible. At least that's what Simon had convinced himself of. \"I think he was here a couple weeks ago… hasn't been back though sorry kid.\" He handed the photo back and after demanding that the teen leave went back to drying shot glasses. The man was not a good liar; Kable had been there more than that, probably that very night. Not that Simon was a mind reader but, there where subtle hints that where obvious, the mans eyes had flickered to a table near the exit at his description and when he had claimed Kable had not been back he looked right at him the whole time as if daring him to call him out on the lie. Usually when people are thinking, their eyes glance upward possibly to the side, it was simply how the brain worked; psych 101. The best part of this whole excursion was that the man was sure to tell Kable that someone had been looking for him. \"Well if you see him, could you tell him that his player is looking for him?\" The man's eyebrows rose at the odd statement. Probably drawing all the wrong conclusions, not that he cared what the man thought of him. Taking a pen that was sitting on the counter Simon scratched his name on the back of the photo he had brought and handed it to the man along with some cash for his time. After a quick thank you he headed back out, now all he needed to do was wait, if Kable wanted to talk to him he would make contact; if he didn't then Simon would go to plan B. Needless to say, the first option was the most appealing, the second was bound to be illegal and most likely would get him into a lot of trouble. That night, Simon fell asleep on the couch, though he would never admit it he had been staying up just incase. It was childish but, he verified it by watching a movie and chatting with some of his online friends until his eyelids got too heavy to stay open and the squishy leather couch coaxed him to relaxation. It took longer then he had initially thought it would for Kable to turn up, just about the time it was not always on his mind it happened. It had been almost a month since his visit to the bar, he had actually been out for the first time in weeks to pick up groceries. The moment he had entered his key code to unlock the door he knew something was up, he didn't need the sensor screen for him to notice the other person in the apartment, he could feel it, the extra heat signature just confirmed his uneasiness. His heart skipped a beat, his slushy forgotten in one hand and the plastic bag with his groceries in the other as he stared into the darkness. It was crazy this feeling, the pulsing of his blood in his head the adrenaline rush of the unknown. \"Kabel?\" He asked the darkness, afraid to switch on the light incase it chased him away. There wasn't an answer but Simon could easily sense the movement in the room and the sudden closeness of the figure. \"Are you him?\" The voice alone settled it, gravelly and full of authority words slightly distorted by an accent. He took a step closer to Simon, the soft light from outside touching his features just enough to make them out. Dear God it was really him, really standing here. \"On.\" Simon managed to mutter, making the over head lights flicker on. Both men flinched at the sudden brightness. Instantly Simon's mind went into over drive, trying to identify and commit to memory every detail of the man before him. \"It's really you, fucking hell you came…\" He couldn't help but laugh at the situation, Kable would show up at the most unexpected time, it was just like him. \" You're my player, you're Simon?\" The older man eyed the chocolate haired teen in front of him. This was not what he had expected. A kid sure, but THIS kid did not fit the image in his head, a mousy haired computer geek, sure, not this. -end of chapter 1- So, i read and reread this to try and fix things that didnt make sense... any who I really liked Simon in the movie and wished they had given more background info about him, I know thats not what the movie was about but still... so i hope to add a lot of that. Guess we shall see what happens with it 3[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \"Why do you sound so surprised? I'm wounded!\" Dramatically the silver eyed teen clasped a hand over his heart, apparently over the initial shock. Kable gave him a quick once over, he was average height, dark chocolate brown hair, pale skin. That damn smirk still pulling at his pink lips and corners of his silver-blue eyes, relaxed posture all seemed to say he was self assured and very well knew how attractive he was. When he had showed up at the bar he had been surprised to hear that some kid had been looking for him, even more so when the bar tender had handed him a photo of himself with Simon Silverton scrawled across the back. At first he had disregarded the not so subtle invite, he had done a little homework on his player after he had gotten out, purely for information and a need for distraction after he and Angie had decided to call it quits. As luck would have it, said distraction was currently flaunting his perfection by leaning innocently against the door frame; Bright sliver-blue eyes stared back at him, not the least bit afraid though he should have been. \"What was it that you wanted?\" he spoke more to end the ramblings inside his own head then to break the silence. Simon's eyebrows rose, the anticipation never leaving his eyes. \"Typical Kable, you're straight to the point as always.\" Going to the kitchen he shoved the whole bag of groceries into the fridge, not bothering to go through them. The older man continued to simply watch, learning as much as he could from observation about the teen. \"Just to meet you, to talk, I mean in person you know.\" Grabbing a can of soda out of the fridge he tossed it to Kable before going to sit on one of the stools that lined the counter, slushie still in hand. \"Sit.\" The teen gestured to the stool next to him, the command unintentional, a mere habit formed from the months of being in control of the man in front of him. \"If you want…\" He added, in a half hearted attempt to fix the mistake. Kable quirked an eyebrow before sitting down in one of the chairs at the small kitchen table instead. \"Or there is fine too…\" The apology was in his expression but, remained unsaid. \"Dude, this is fucking...unreal.\" He finished, throwing his hands up in the air for emphasis. He really was just a kid he noted, unable to keep his eyes from the blue tinted lips. Damn slushie. \"Look kid, I'm only here for one reason, I want you to leave me alone. This stalker shit has got to stop-\" One perfectly arched dark eyebrow raised \"The only thing that forged any kind of connection was your Daddy's bank account.\" Calm and collected as always Simon smiled, shifting in his seat to lean closer to the older man sitting at the table. \"Mmhm, that and the Nanites, nasty little mind hackers…\" Those blue eyes peered at him with obvious intent. The implied question had been expressed but ignored, the teen was sure of it so he shoved aside any caution he felt and voiced his opinion. \"I know you think about it too. When you don't have any thing else to distract you…you feel the same way I do. That's why you left her.\" Kable was on his feet and across the room before Simon had time to blink and he was so very…close. \"You think you know me, what because you where in my head, ordering me around?\" Callused hands gripped thin, pale wrists, grasp tight enough to not only to deter movement but also to leave bruises. It was unnecessary seeing as Simon had no intention or desire to escape his captor, quite the opposite in fact. \"I know you better than you think I do.\" Pink lips pulled into a soft smirk, of course Kable wouldn't understand how the Nanites work, not their full extent. \"You can't just switch off a connection like the one we have.\" The words sounded more suggestive then he had intended which just makes his smile widen. \"Explain.\" The one word is a demand but, one that Simon eagerly complies to. \"Could you…get off of me first?\" Skeptical blue green orbs questioned Simons grey ones, hands release wrists and a sigh escaped the previously contained teen unintentionally. The older man sunk back down into the chair he had formerly been occupying and popped open the soda can that had been sitting forgotten on the table, taking a sip of the obscenely sugary beverage for the sole purpose of having something else to do with his hands. \"Okay here's how it works, one Nanite cell is placed in the brain and-\" \"Replicates, taking over the other cells, I know.\" Simon nodded, overlooking the interruption and just continuing. \"Right, so even after the program is turned off, the nanite cells don't just disappear, they are still very much active simply not broadcasting you know?\" Not waiting for an answer he continues, unconsciously leaning closer to his one man audience. He had done a lot of research into this, hours of working out hacks just to get into Castle mainframes and police reports after word got out, not easy stuff and it was quite a release to finally be able to convey his findings to someone who wanted to listen, to talk to anyone at all about something real. \"Okay so, the connection is made every time we link up to play, thirty one times in our case over the course of months. Now if this was a normal computer, it wouldn't have any lasting effects at all, it's just a machine made of metal and shit. But the human brain is living tissue and that tissue has memory.\" The look on the kids face made it clear that Kable was supposed to be having an 'ah ha' moment but instead he was just as confused as when the explanation had begun. With and aggravated sigh the dark haired teen elaborated, hoping that the information would click into place and his former Icon was as brilliant as he had always given him credit for being. \"Okay so, when you learn to do something, like assemble a gun or play a game, most of it is muscle memory. After repeating the same motion over and over it gets easier and finally you don't have to even look at what you're doing anymore. The brain works the same way. Every time you repeat something, a motion, word, thought, the connection in your brain gets stronger.\" Those bright blue-grey eyes where filled with excitement, and urgency. \"Why aren't the others the same?\" The teen did his best to not show that Kable had just admitted he had felt the same lingering connection and instead of gloating simply launched into another explanation. \"None of them got as far, we where the only ones who made it past ten sessions, we connected more, Simple as that.\" Despite his first assessment of the teen, he was actually quite smart, even if he was a spoiled little Daddy's boy he was intriguing which made it tolerable. Grabbing his phone he flipped it open checking the time. \"Look I have an appointment actually, so I have to get going but, your more than welcome to hang around here.\" Authors note: Sorry its so short guys! I have been having a really hard time getting through the next part, I actually ordered the movie so I could watch it again and maybe that will help me get back into the swing of things Lots of love 3[Chapter 3] So…. This is hardly finished but, again its been sitting around in my folder for ages and I can not seem to get any where with it. Suggestions would be much appreciated. Any way for now I guess this is what you get… I hope to get back on track once my thesis paper gets going. Chapter 3 Kable raised an eyebrow, this new information was highly unexpected and…appealing in an odd sort of way. \"An appointment, you?\" Simon paused, hand midway to his hoodie that was tossed on the couch. Not used to being questioned the teen stared back, eyebrows raised. \"Um…yes?\" the older man eyed him over again, taking in the too big sweat pants and T-shirt, the kid was about to walk out of the house with out his shoes on, where the hell could he be planning on going like this? \"You mind if I ask what kind?\" The amusement in his voice caught the teen off guard, despite his usual ability to smooth talk his way out of anything, he started and stammered his way though the answer. \"The tailor, I need to pick up my suit.\" The very suggestion of this seemed so absurd that a silence was all that fallowed. Shifting uncomfortably the teen moved to pull on the hoodie over his too big T-shirt. \"Yeah so…see you when I get back?\" the small quiver of hope in the boys voice snapped Kable back to reality and pulled a smirk from the corner of his mouth. \"Sure, I'll hang around.\" The answer brought a grin to the kid's face that Kable just caught as he pulled the door shut. For a brief moment he wondered if he should wait for Simon to realize he had never put on any shoes but, after only this small glimpse of the teen he realized that may take hours. So instead he located the neglected pair of sneakers by the door and started down the hallway. Simon was half way to the elevator already. \"Hey kid, forget something?\" The brown haired teen turned, confusion changing to surprise. \"Oh…yeah I guess those would probably be a good idea.\" Grinning he took the shoes and pulled them on, not bothering to unlace them or even put them on all the way. Kable couldn't keep from shaking his head in amusement as he watched his player shuffle into the elevator with the heels of his shoes smashed down so they functioned more like flip-flops. This was unbelievable. Simon sighed as the elevator doors closed, blocking out Kable's retreating form from his view. For as much as he had correctly assumed about the man, there was a lot he had not even entertained about him. Their last encounter left his head spinning and hands clammy but, the teen was at a loss for what caused this. Sure he cared for the man, it had taken every ounce of Simons being to keep his Slayer alive through all those sessions. His purpose had long ago begun to revolve around the others…how lame. Was it possible that he should attribute his current reaction to this? The silver eyed teen's feet where carrying him along the sidewalk toward his destination but, his mind remained miles away from his surroundings. Kable had always been somewhat of a conundrum…especially now that he was physically close to him, in real life…now that he had left the man alone in his home. Jerking the door open to the store where his father had set up his fitting he tried to push the hope that Kable would still be there when he got back from his head and focus on the task at hand. Instead he focused on details, they where an easy distraction, something that he could occupy his mind with while enduring the mundane task at hand. Kable decided to take the kid up on his offer and retreated to the solitude of Simon's living room to try and pass the time until he returned. The television held no entertainment value but, the movie selection did, as well as a plethora of other personal belongings waiting to be rifled through. Anything that could clue the older man in on who is player was outside of the game. The movie selection was quite impressive but, so bipolar that there wasn't much to derive from it. The kitchen and living room where sparse, nothing very personal at all. The couch was black leather and the fridge stainless steel, there where bean bag chairs randomly placed about, the cupboards where white as well as the walls and most of the floors. The domed computer room held his interest, though it wasn't hard to access the files and photos, as well as check the history and most recently visited sites. To be honest, he was rather disappointed that there where no big surprises. The sites and video chat log where from a lot of random people, mostly fellow gamers and fans. Other than a larger portion of sites being about computer tech, a lot of which Kable even had a hard time following, it was normal teenage boy stuff. Moving on, he paused to look at the large assortment of fish swimming in the aquarium before getting to Simon's room. The walls where painted dark blue, posters for movies and video games where hung on the walls and an old desktop was set up in the corner. Against the opposite wall was a huge bed covered in more pillows than any one person could ever need. The door to the left of that was to a closet that was so large the small assortment of clothes it contained made it look almost empty. Surprisingly it was pretty neat, clothes folded even if they where hanging out of drawers. The rest of the shelving was covered in books and electronics. Curiously Kable scanned the titles, noting there seemed to everything from the classics to science fiction and fantasy. The copy of Lord of the Flies looked like it was ready to fall apart as well as multiple copies of Harry Potter. The very top shelf was lined with shoe boxes. Carefully the older man pulled one down and whipped the dust off of the top of it. Inside where notebooks, like the ones kids usually got for school. And they where filled with information about Castle Games. There was a log of their sessions with notes on the maps and stat information circled in red. The next box was full of old birthday cards and hand written notes and journals. To be honest, he had never pinned the kid as sentimental. Curiously he pulled one of the books out and browsed through it. Sure there was the initial guilt that started in the pit of his stomach but, the kid had been in his head, so the older man decided that he sure as hell felt entitled. The foot steps in the hallway woke him, the slight hesitation between reaching the door and opening it assured him that it was Simon. He could practically see the kid lick his lips and shift ever so slightly before entering.[Chapter 4] Hey guys! I know it has been ages but, I have not given up on you! Thanks for everyone that commented and let me know that there are actually people out there that are anxious to read more of this. You guys are the only reason I am trying to finish! More to come in the future I promise. If there is something you would like to see written into the story or an idea you would like to share I would love love LOVE to hear it. At this point I have used up all of my pre planning so there is a good chance your suggestions would be implemented. Chapter 4 \"Kable, are you still here?\" \"What are you doing?\" The teen leaned against the door frame, refusing to show how much he was freaking out. \"The way I see it this all has to do with me anyway.\" With a smirk the former con gestured to the papers and notebooks scattered around him on the floor. Giving up the teen sunk to the floor next to him, tossing the suit he had brought back onto the bed. \"What is all this anyway, it seems a bit unnecessary.\" The chocolate haired teen shot him one of those looks, one that read something between 'you can't be serious' and 'are you really that stupid'. \"Yeah, you're not sitting here because you happen to be incredibly good looking.\" Kable raised an eyebrow, not sure what exactly to do with the information that had just been so thoughtlessly thrown out. \"I worked for days on these plans, getting everything ready, going through new gear and double checking your injuries and stats. You are here because of all this.\" \"What was that first bit again?\" Pausing Simon just stared at him, trying to work his way backwards through the conversation, not an easy task when he had just been saying what ever came to mind. \"What part…I worked for days on these?\" Suddenly a slight color rose to his usually pale skin and Kable couldn't keep a slight smile from appearing on his own face. \"I am pretty sure you heard what I said and don't act like you aren't aware of it.\" Rising to his feet once again he stretched and all previous, fleeting embarrassment was gone entirely. \"Well I am fucking starving, do you want to order pizza or something?\" \"What's the suit for?\" Simon shifted back to look at the older man still sitting in the middle of his bedroom with all his personal items spread out in front of him…most of them any way. He wondered if the man realized just how personal some of the things he had not opened were. Silver eyes passed over piles of notebooks, each containing something that was not meant to be read. The lather bound one still had its cord wrapped around it, with the knot tied in the front the same way he had tied it last time it had been opened. This minor observation provided a small flicker of hope. Realizing that the older man was staring at him waiting for…for what? Blinking slowly he searched for what they had been doing, an answer, a reason for the suit, right. \"What do you think it's for?\" quirking an eyebrow the ex-con shook his head and started to pick up different objects to put them back in their boxes. Stepping forward the dark haired teen took the most personal of them to hide away. \"Are you like twelve, we are really going to play this game?\" \"I like games.\" Both eyebrows went up at that, judging by his expression the kid had no idea what he had implied or rather how his Icon had taken the statement. Worse yet, he honestly had no clue how attractive he was. Furring his brow at that thought Kable shoved it aside. \"Can we get back to the topic of pizza, what kind do you want? Oh and you are going to have to order.\" He tossed the phone to the older man. \"I fucking hate taking on phones, get what ever you want and one just cheese.\" The two of them sat in the middle of the floor, staring at each other. Simon waiting for Kable to use the phone and the man he was watching waiting for the teen to for once say something that he was expecting. \"What are you not staying? I mean that's cool you can go or whatever dude I just didn't…what?\" \"I didn't say anything.\" \"Yeah not like out loud but, you keep looking at me like I'm…never mind. I'm going to brave the phone and order our pizza.\" Standing he stretched, pulling muscle and popping joints before returning each neatly repacked shoe box to its place on one of the many closet shelves and collecting the phone. Thirty seven minutes later they were sitting in the living room around the coffee table with two pizzas. \"Is there a reason you never answer any of my questions?\" Simon raised an eyebrow at the inquiry. Of course the man never answered any of his either. Not that he was about to point this out, it would most likely cause the opposite effect he wanted. \"To what question do you refer?\" Silence answered. They exchanged looks again, and Simon seemed to instantly know. \"You really actually wanted to know what the suit is for?\" The older man shrugged, taking a bite out of a slice of pizza. \"Do we have anything else to talk about right now, the only reason I showed up was to find out what kind of person you are.\" Chewing thoughtfully Simon nodded, brushing his hair out of his face before answering. \"How about a trade, I will tell you what it's for if you promise to come with me.\" \"You clean up good.\" Kable laughed, tossing the tie he refused to wear onto the couch. \"Yeah not so bad yourself, makes you look older, almost fourteen if I squint.\" Rolling his eyes at the familiar insult Simon couldn't help but smile. At least he didn't have to go into this alone. His dad would be thrilled with his surprise plus one guest. \"Thanks again, for suffering through this with me, it may just be tolerable with someone there under the age of fifty to talk to.\" Hands trembled, fingers fumbled with black silk fabric, body language contradicted the words coming out of the teens mouth. Kable watched quietly, taking it in. There was something bothering him, something the older man couldn't quite put his finger on. \"Here let me, before you accidently strangle yourself\" Tanned, strong arms wrapped around his shoulders, taking the length of fabric from long thing fingers and quickly knotting it. \"Thanks.\" Breathing out slowly he did his best to regain his composure, to smooth over the cracks that were beginning to show through. \"Not a problem, I would probably get blamed for it. So what's the premise of this…gathering?\" Kable unbuttoned his sleeves to roll them up. Not taking notice of the silver eyes that watched his fingers and newly exposed skin. \"My dad's business is sponsoring some stupid new tech stuff, kind of a business party, he's supposed to bring his family and all that shit so my presence was demanded. And you are invited to keep me from slitting my own wrists or jump out a window, from a height that would kill me of course.\" The smile that followed was not quite…right, instead of making it a joke like it should have instead worked to reinforced it, making it all the more unsettling. Silver blue eyes met green ones hesitantly, uncertain. This man had become more that he ever intended. More than he had wanted him to be. The small infatuation had evolved into obsession and now, now bordering on something else entirely. A feeling with out a name that hummed low in his stomach, itching to be recognized and crawling under his skin like every time he tried to compulsively stop cracking his knuckles. \"You don't see yourself like everyone else.\" Simon dropped his gaze, embarrassed to be like this, to be this open in front of another human. \"I think I have a pretty good grip on what I am.\" The words were quiet, so very different than usual. Rough hands fell to rest on each side of the teens face, tipping his head back up to connect with those sterling orbs. \"What?\" \"I said I know who I am.\" Green blue eyes searched grey ones. \"You said what not who.\" The observation went with out further securitization. \"No one else sees you, you don't let them.\" The words escaped, whispered and soft rolling over and between teeth. The strange pulsate between them seemed to existing in the small expanse of air between their skin, something unsettling and unmistakable. \"The limo should be here soon.\" The car sent by Simon's father came precisely on time, punctual like always when it came to matters of importance like making an impression. Since he could remember their relationship had been strained for one reason or another. When he was younger it was due to the lack of involvement in sports, as he got older it was the non existence of interest in the family business coupled with the over indulgent of video game play. He had never been into the right thing at the right time. \"When was the last time you saw him\" \"Not long enough, he helped me move in some of my stuff when he found this place for me like…I don't know a year or so ago. We don't really talk after…well after Steven.\" Questioning eyes met his, and Simon just shrugged. This was the last thing he wanted to talk with Kable about. He had shared his first kiss with a girl when he had been seven and couldn't remember her name now, only that she was not what the other girls called pretty. They had been best friends at the time. This event was completely over shadowed by the first time he had been kissed by a boy. Now that, that he remembered. Kable had never been to an event quite like this one. The pair were dropped off at the door by the driver and ushered into a world completely unlike anything he had ever encountered. There was a red carpet for the guests to walk, lights blinding, screens everywhere. The building its self was grand to say the least, obviously a historical land mark seeing how it was nestled in between the large, cold sky scrapers that had grown up around it. Even here it demanded attention. The façade that the world knew affectionately as Simon Silverton gamer version slid into place and the teen some how managed to smile convincingly as he sauntered down the walk way, waving to girls and fans that had somehow found out he was going to be in attendance tonight. Kable did his best to stay close, eyes wandering, assessing, and calculating. \"Relax bro they can smell fear.\" The comment was only half serious and whispered into the older mans ear from pink lips that had been tugged into a slight smile that did not go unnoticed by his companion. Neither did the realization of how close their faces were. \"Don't worry we only have to stay long enough to be seen, then we can bounce.\" By now they had made it into the actual building which was swathed in crystal chandeliers, marble floors, walls giant flower arrangements hung from sconces and cascaded over stair railings. It was ridiculous. \"At least there's free drinks.\" Kable smirked and grabbed a drink off of a waiter's tray, downing it in one smooth motion. Simon watched the movements of his face, neck and chest as the liquid was swallowed completely transfixed. Dear god this man. Following suit the kid grabbed one of his own for no purpose other than a distraction. Not being a drinker he wasn't expecting the intense burn that accompanied the beverage. \"You should stick with that weird juice you always drink.\" The saddest part of this comment was, with the laugh that followed Simon couldn't even manage to be pissed off. So he mumbled a half hearted 'fuck off' and to prove his point grabbed another of those god awful drinks. If he was stuck here he might as well do his best to not actually remember the event.[Chapter 5] Chapter5 Simon's father found them for pictures, not bothering to search them out before he needed them. At least that's how it felt to Simon. \"I see you have brought a surprise guest.\" There was falseness to his voice that Simon didn't even notice anymore since he heard it used so much. \"Kable Mister Siverton, my father. Dad, Kable.\" The teen rolled his eyes and pulled at his tie, introducing the two was strange. Especially since everyone knew who Kable was already. Thankfully his Icon played nice and exchanged greetings and made small talk. Simon used their distraction to grab another drink from a passing waiter. \"I didn't realize Simon knew you, out side of the game that is.\" The man was defiantly a demanding presence, easily turning the conversation to what he desired. He hardly said two words to his son Kable noted. \"You never asked.\" The answer the teen shot back was blunt, boredom already evident in the slant of his shoulders and shift of his back. Mr. Silverton ignored the comment and redirected his attention to a photographer who was near by. \"Straighten yourself out.\" Simon pulled from prying hands, readjusting and smoothing his clothing himself before being pulled to his father's side. \"You'd like that wouldn't you.\" He murmured, glad when the picture was taken and he could move away from too tight hands and stiff arms. The photographer gestured to Kable and himself, obviously recognizing them as well as the photo op. \"Could I get one of you two?\" Taking a step farther from his father Simon nodded, shifting to drop his arm around Kable's waist since he was too short to reach around his shoulders and gestured to the camera. Still trying to figure out what he had meant by his last retaliation Kable let his arm drop around the teen who was grinning for the camera. \"How about a close up and then I'll leave you two alone?\" The man smiled when they complied, Simon making a joke about how he was sorry he was so short and moving, if it was possible even closer with the older man. True to his word the photographer went else where with his camera after thanking them again. All Simon wanted was to see the photos but, he would have to wait. Before anything else could be done or said, his father's grip was back on his arm, holding him steadfast where he stood. \"You better watch yourself or people are going to start to talk.\" The threat was whispered harshly into the teen's ear. Unfortunately he was use to it by now. Yanking out of the grasp he took a step back, careful to keep his voice down to deter unwanted attention. \"I haven't done anything-\" Kable couldn't hear what was said next, by look on the kids face it couldn't have been anything good. Averting his gaze he looked around the room, trying to not eavesdrop on the clearly private conversation. No one was paying any attention to the trio, what was Mr. Silverton so worried about? His attention snapped back to the couple when the teen let out a hiss like he had been burned and stalked away. Finding the kitchen he slipped inside, resting his back against the smooth metal of the cooler doors. It had been so long that he had almost forgotten how crazy his father made him. All of the little off handed comments that were innocent to anyone else's ears but, like dragging fingernails to him. One of the servers stopped as she walked toward the door having spotted him. \"Are you alright honey?\" She was an older woman with kind eyes, hair swooped back into a smooth bun streaked with grey. Icy silver eyes opened to meet her own. He had been expecting to get shooed out, yelled at and berated. Instead she got him a glass of cold water, smoothed his hair out of his face and told him to let her know if he needed anything else. He needed to stop being such a baby. Pressing the cool glass against his neck he sighed, gathered him self and pushed back out the doors. No matter how out of sorts he felt he didn't want to leave Kable to deal with his father alone, especially after he had asked him here. So he forced his face back into pleasant indifference and made his way through the crowd of people. Of course he spotted his father's form first. Even with the entire male population dressed in black his eyes seemed drawn to him. Sometimes it seemed like his brain was hardwired, searching to always, always know where he was. Unseen the silver eyed teen watched him chatting and laughing with a group of men and women all over dressed and over enthusiastic. Suddenly a hand touched his shoulder, startling him from his observations. It was strange, like his father was a different person when they were apart. Then again he guessed it must be true he was. \"Simon, darling!\" His mother pulled him into a hug, kissing him on the cheek. \"Where have you been all evening dear, I haven't seen you in months.\" He kissed her back, able to relax in her presence. \"I got here a bit late, I had to stop and pick someone up.\" Her eyes, the same liquid silver as his own if slightly darker sparkled as they met his own. \"Is this someone your date?\" That was a loaded question if he had ever heard one. Technically yes, he guessed Kable could be considered his date, they had come together after all. He knew that was not what she was alluding to. \"No, more like a surprise guest…\" forcing a smile he scanned the room, searching for his Icon who seemed to be much more adapt at smoothing talking tonight than he was. Like he had heard Simon's silent plea, the man seemed to materialize next to him. \"You must be Mrs. Silverton.\" Smiling he kissed her hand, but his eyes shifted to meet the teens and Simon's heart stuttered momentarily in his chest. \"Mom you know Kable from the Slayers show?\" She nodded greeting him warmly and with enthusiasm. \"My you are just as hansom as you were in adds isn't he Simon?\" Swallowing hard he just nodded, trying to seem uninterested. Kable just laughed, thanking her. It was strange to see him getting along with his mother. Why wouldn't he though? Out of all the people in his family she was the only one he ever felt connected to. Of course growing up his father had complained she babied his too much. No doubt he blamed her for all the flaws he saw in his son. He remembered the day Steven had kissed him, his father had seen and there had been hell to pay. He was a boy Simon went to school with. They had been in the same class for three years, getting to know each other pretty well. He was one of his only friends since no one had wanted to get to know the scrawny new kid. At the time the brown haired boy had been shy and quiet. Steven talked a lot and made up for the silence of his companion. He was nice and sweet and before he knew it everyone said they were together and Simon, enthralled with the idea that someone would want to get that close to him didn't object. Simon had tried to explain to him that he hadn't been the one doing the kissing but, none of his pleading had deterred his father. He was taken out of school, far away from Steven. His mother had listened when he had explained. Like when he was younger he curled up next to her as she asked him questions instead of yelling accusations. His beautiful mother had understood what it all had been and not simply what it had looked like. Even now it seemed so confusing, that someone so gentle could be with his father. \"Baby-\" she touched his face gently. \"Come back from where ever you are.\" Blinking he refocused his attention, both of them were looking at him. \"I asked if you have introduced him to your father.\" When he nodded yes she seemed pleased, though he wasn't sure why it would matter. It had all been a kind of 'fuck you' to him anyway. It was only a few more hours, interjected with similar incidents every time father and son were forced together before Simon had had enough. Expressing his desire to leave to his Icon in almost coherent sentences, the older man followed him to the door to have someone call their limo up. The teen had steadily drank more as the evening wore on and now as they stood under the awning out front, the taller of the two steadied the teen with a hand pressed gently to his back. If he thought Simon spoke what was ever was on his mind before, it was double that now. As the pair sat in the back and the black vehicle started to move silver blue eyes squeezed shut. \"I feel dizzy.\" The statement was followed by him flopping backwards to sprawl out across the leather seats, this movement caused his head to rest on his companions thigh. \"You're drunk.\" Their eyes met, Simon's brow furrowed. \"Nuh uh I'm not.\" Knowing it was best not to argue with his player the Icon skirted the statement and moved on to questions. When would be a better time to demand answers from the slightly intoxicated teenager. \"Your dad seems like a prick.\" He knew he had hit on something the teen would open up about. It was clear that they did not get along or agree on anything. Something was buried there. \"What'd you do to piss him off so much?\" Limbs flying Simon sat up, jerking away from him, anger flashing across his features. \"Fuck if I know.\" Then he settled some, running his hand through his hair and rubbing his eyes, body sinking back into the seat. \"Everything, we don't get along really I mean we never did but, then after Steven it all just-\" He made a gesture with his hand that seemed to indicate 'went to hell'. Green blue eyes implored the silver gaze and Simon even in his drunken state understood. \"Right you don't know about that. Fuck I don't want to explain right now. Can't we just leave it at he wishes I didn't exist and move on? I don't want to waste anymore of my life on him.\" The ride back to the apartment complex was relatively short but, the alcohol in his system made him too sleepy to manage the maze of doors and stairs and elevators back up to his place with out guiding touches and gestures from Kable. Even half passed out Simon had opened the door enough to get inside and with his Icons continued help made it to his bed. Flopping back onto the plush surface he stuck out one foot. His mind wasn't working fast enough it seemed foggy. \"Help.\" If he had been coherent Simon would have blanched at the look on his face, disbelief and annoyance yet, just the same he bent down and slipped of the younger boys shoes, one after the other and helped him with the buttons on his shirt of which he had already ripped two of off. Yeah…not dunk his ass. Peeling off his slacks the teen did manage to get his pajamas out. Nothing fancy just a pair of sweats and oversized t-shirt. Somewhere in the back of his mind Simon was aware of the accidental hands brushing over his skin as they pulled his shirt over his head, hesitating as they held the hem a few seconds more than necessary. He could almost hear the thoughts from the others head, like they were his own or maybe they were his own. That thought didn't reach him until he had tipped forward and catching the stubbly face between his hands kissed the older man. What did his teacher call it? Projecting? \"Thanks.\" Green blue eyes stared back at him, surprised and…angry. He was angry at him. \"Stop fooling around.\" Kable didn't know how exactly to deal with what had just happened. His minds immediate response was to kiss him back. The tingle of soft lips pressed against his, the cool hands on his warm skin. It wasn't bad but, he knew it was wrong. Simon was drunk, angry, confused, vulnerable and very underage. Swinging the kids legs up onto the bed he pulled the covers over him and tuned to leave. \"Don't go.\" The teen scooted to the side, making room for him. \"Stay.\" The words were sleepy, harmless but, very far off of the beaten path. Kable wouldn't let himself even entertain the idea. \"Go to sleep.\" And the door closed. Simon started into the darkness for a moment before the tears came. It was unexpected and sudden and he hated himself for it. All the thoughts swirling around in his head were fleeting, strange.. What the hell had he been thinking? Kable wasn't Steven, wasn't anything close to the gentle, caring boy that had kissed him all those years ago. Kable had a wife and a daughter he had no use for him, just like his father. Folding his arms he rested his head on them, forcing his body and emotions to separate, focusing on nothing as the tears ran down his cheeks. Glazed over eyes stared absent mindedly into the dark until he fell asleep. The next morning Simon figured it was best to not mention the night prior. His eyes were still a little puffy, his head was pounding. It probably hadn't been the best idea to go from never drinking to having…six…seven, some where he had lost count but, it had only been champagne and wine. The house felt empty as he padded across the white carpet toward the kitchen. If nothing else the drinks had made him hungry. To be honest he had been expecting the Slayer to still be sleeping on the couch but, he wasn't there. Sipping on a glass of orange juice he glared at the stack of folded blankets sitting on the couch as if they had chased his Icon away. Taking a deep breath he just stood there, soaking in the idea that he had just taken off with out saying good bye and knowing that it shouldn't matter so much to him. It's not like they were even really friends, Kable had made it clear when they first met that he was only there to see what kind of a person his player was and to get him to leave him be. And sure Simon had told himself that he just wanted info on his player, update the stats. It had always been more than that though, under the skin of it all he had assumed that Kable was as broken as he was, as screwed up from the whole experience. Apparently he had been wrong. Downing the remainder of his drink he left the glass on the counter and trudged into the computer room. He hadn't been in here since Kable had come. Some how it had only been what a few days, a week? Logging in he scanned through his messages not really reading any of them or paying much attention. He had gotten what he wanted hadn't he? Found his Icon, made contact. Something no other player had ever managed to do or ever would. They were a unique pair, forced together then drawn to each other after. He had to admit there was a small squashed hope in the pit of his stomach that they could be more. What exactly more meant he want sure. More than just two people who know each other, acquaintances, friends. Biting his lip he shook the drowning thought from his head. They weren't going to help him. He wasn't going to beg or plead, he had made a move, a drunken unplanned move but, the intent had been clear. If Kable wanted anything to do with him he would come back. Dark framed eyes opened, intrigued by that particular thought. What did he want the older man to want from him? These feelings weren't new, but they were somehow different. If nothing else, he had more than enough time to figure it all out.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 It had been over a month since their initial meeting. Simon was slowly grasping the possibility that his Icon might not come back. The realization had sunk into the pit of his stomach and he had buried it there. He finished up the remainder of his course work, ignored his friends who tried to message him, instead opting to lie on the couch and watch movies. Social interaction was so low on his priority list he hesitated to even order Chinese food. He felt sick. There was a difference he discovered between never making a move and being rejected though, in both courses of action all you had to blame was yourself. The worst part of it was the physically being alone. It sucked. If anyone were to walk into his house now he would sound like a crazy person, talking to himself all of the time. Not that he could really do anything about that, it was just strange. Before it hadn't bothered him in the least, he liked being alone and was use to it. It wasn't normal anymore. Determined to find distraction he started a movie, tried to play a game, and ended up surfing the web. What he happened upon was not what he expected. Some fan site had gotten a hold of a bunch of photos from his father's promo party, a handful of which were of Kable and him. There was one where they were just walking and Simon caught himself wondering if he actually looked like that to other people because he certainly didn't remember feeling that happy. After scrolling past the caption and comments there was another one. It was almost instantaneous, his heart dropping into his toes, the lack of air in the room and that tiny little flutter of something else that didn't belong. He distinctly remembered the moment that was captured and displayed on the screen in front of him but, in his head it was different. In real life it had been nothing more than a quiet joke whispered in reassurance, captured on film it was an attention catching combination of suggestive seduction. Could you even put those two words together? Of course you could but, he was sure they did not apply in any way to him. Kable sure but, not- wait what? Shoving all the thoughts in his head away he started over, reassessing. This was just his mind making assumptions because of what had happened late that night after these photos were taken. No one else saw it that way. No one else would ever entertain the idea of the two of them together. Simon was well…just Simon. But looking at the screen again he knew he was wrong, that wasn't him at all that was Simon Silverton, persona. People may be able to believe those two could be…maybe something. Wincing at the admission even if it was just to him self he wondered if this was what his father had been talking about that night. That people were going to talk. Had he been there when the photo was taken, had he seen it? His arm hovered mid air, extended fingers ready to scroll the page but, afraid of the comments underneath at the same time. Everything was still for a moment as the internal struggle drew to an end. Even if he didn't read them that didn't mean no one else could. They had been posted too long to make them go away. Anyone that was remotely interested had seen it by now. His heart squirmed uncomfortably under the spokes of bone, layers of muscle and skin. Had Kable seen them? Did his wife? He had made the assumption known when they first met that they weren't together anymore. By all calculations he was right but, people don't really stick to formulas unfortunately. If they did Simon wouldn't be sitting in font of his computer screen staring at a photo of the two of them together. There would be absolutes, something he would have loved right about now. Giving in he flicked his fingers, moving down the page. Silver eyes widened at the first one underneath it, flinched at others. They seemed to fit neatly into three categories. Hot, neutral and angry. The positive comments made him blush…maybe vulgar was a more appropriate term. He mostly skipped over the excessively offensive ones. It seemed like most of his fans were either excited with the idea that they were together or mad that Kable was taken at all. Briefly he wondered if his parents had seen it yet or his sister but, dealing with that notion made him feel sick all over again. Somehow it didn't matter all that much, it wasn't like he was planning on going out anytime soon so the public could crucify him online all they liked. Wasn't anything new really, it had happened before when they thought he had gotten Kable killed. \"So you've seen it.\" Tipping his head back his eyes focused on the figure leaning against the wall his first response, relief. \"You came back.\" The larger man gestured to the screen where Simon was slightly embarrassed to still see a giant picture of them. \"I uh was reading the comments, now I'm afraid to check my email.\" The joke was the first thing that came to mind. Really all he wanted to do was jump up and- oh that was probably not the best idea…considering what happened last time he kissed him. He had been drunk then so there was an excuse. \"People read into shit don't worry it'll blow over.\" The dark haired teen offered, trying to figure out that look that on Kable's face. The silence was unbearable, so like usual he just talked. \"I thought I'd seen the last of you.\" Kable searched the kids face, trying to decide if he was happy he had been wrong. As usual it was hard to tell, everything about him just read neutral. He didn't seem very uptight or angry where he was lounging on the floor, looking up at him. \"I can go if you-\" \"No, no stay.\" There had been no hesitation so the man figured he meant it. \"Why did you go?\" after a calculated silence Kable answered, all the while taking in the lanky teen's sprawled form. \"I needed space to think.\" The look that he was getting from the teen asked with out words, what conclusion had he come to? There was a tiny glimmer of hope that he didn't want to squash. \"Do you even know how old I am?\" It was meant as a rhetorical question but, Simon couldn't seem to keep his mouth shut, ever. \"Yes, it's listed in your stats on your Slayers profile.\" The two started at each other in silence. \"What the hell is all this then?\" Simon shrugged, his shoulders shifting against the matted floor, still staring at him upside down, slightly afraid that if he looked away it all might just disappear. Because honestly the percentage that this was all just some game his mind was playing on him seemed to be the more likely option. \"I don't know I guess I'm just incredibly fucked up.\" Crossing the floor he crouched down to look the kid in the face. He wasn't joking now. \"Well as long as we agree.\" The scowl that tugged at the teens features let Kable relax a little bit and made it a whole lot easier to close the distance between them and do the one thing that he had wanted to do since Simon had kissed him good night, alcohol impaired judgment and all. It was different than that first stolen kiss. The small hitch of breath right before their lips touched, the difference in texture, silky to rough. The teen grinned, cheeks tinted a slight pink. It had been brief, meant to mostly assure the kid that an old man was not what he wanted, that he was crazy. Even more than that it was to assure him self that he didn't want it. Unfortunately it seemed to have the opposite effect for both of them. \"Bloody hell. That was the last thing I was expecting.\" \"You've been watching too many British movies.\" For the first time in a long time he laughed. Silver eyes lit up, searching the parallel tanned face. \"Kiss me again.\" The words were breathless, whispered. It wasn't like the movies, or romance novels made it out to be. There were no sparks or fireworks. Just this slightly tingly feeling that crept up from his toes and a slight resound inside the empty space in his gut.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 \"Still interested?\" The teen grinned, cheeks tinted a slight pink. It had been brief, meant to mostly assure the kid that an old man was not what he wanted, that he was crazy. Even more than that it was to assure himself that he didn't want it. Unfortunately it seemed to have the opposite effect for the both of them. \"Bloody hell. That was the last thing I was expecting.\" \"You've been watching too many British movies.\" For the first time in a long time he laughed. Silver eyes lit up, searching the parallel tanned face. \"Kiss me again.\" The words were breathless, whispered. It wasn't like the movies, or romance novels made it out to be. There were no sparks or fireworks. Just this slightly tingly feeling that crept up from his toes and a slight resound inside the empty space in his gut. There was no one else that understood, not like Kable did. He thought maybe that was part of what made them so good for each other. Then again as Simon saw it he would never have been anything if they hadn't ended up paired. \"You're sure about this right?\" Simon groaned, rolling his eyes and rocking forward into a sitting position. \"Why are you adamant that I'm not?\" He had his head cocked to the side looking very much like a spoiled child. Fortunately Kable thought better than to throw that out there. \"Forget it.\" \"Okay.\" Tugging on the cotton T the older man was wearing Simon managed to throw him off balance making him catch himself on his knees and nose to nose with him. \"I can already tell you're going to be bad for my health.\" He shrugged, the gesture exaggerated by the over sized shirt he was wearing. \"I thought you would have already come to that conclusion before this-\" He gestured between them. \"Whole thing started.\" \"Yeah well, I don't really fancy going back to jail so, lets just, lets take it slow alright?\" At least the teen had the decency to blush at the implication. Callused hands ran over pale, smooth skin making Simon shutter. He was all nervous energy. The exchanged kisses were calculated, unsure and somehow rushed all at the same time. For possibly the first time ever in their relationship he noticed how small he was. Thin, not particularly tall or strong, not particularly attractive. Those same rough hands slipped up his T-shirt, the same one he wore to bed pretty much every night. He briefly wondered when the last time he had washed it had been. The article of clothing came off, and with the slide of the cotton fabric so did any of the self assurance that he had managed to maintain. With out meaning to his hand closed reflexively around the hand pulling the cloth. God he felt like he was going to throw up. He didn't do this whole…personal thing. Maybe he would just let him turn off the light so he couldn't see… \"Tell me what you're thinking\" Silver eyes flitted up nervously meeting the green blue ones staring back at him. Wondering, however insane it sounded if the man who had been kissing him could in fact hear his thoughts. \"I wish the lights were off.\" Honesty wasn't one of his strong points but, somehow when they were together his mind didn't get stuck on replay. It didn't sort out all the possible answers and categorize, it just slipped out. \"Why would you want that?\" Large hands gripped small pale ones, lacing fingers together. That imploring gaze stole his words before they even made it to his lips and he had to fight to put together a coherent thought. \" 'S weird.\" Did that count as articulate? If it did it was just barely. Berating himself for sounding like a child he tried again, not really doing any better. This was…embarrassing. \"I've never done this before.\" The admission came out in bubbled hysteria. The roles were switched leaving Simon no longer in control. There was something frightening about it but, that didn't quite reach the teenagers brain because the older man chose that moment to press a kiss to the dip in his collar bone. This, needless to say effectively scrambled what was left of his ability to think straight, defiantly not straight. \"Don't play so innocent, I've seen the online photos of you and your fans.\" The quirked eyebrow directed at him somehow gave Simon a little bit of his power back, if only for a moment it was at least long enough to breath. \"That's completely differe-\" another kiss, quickly pressed against his lips paused him. \"Different, it's really not me.\" Rough hands fell on his shoulders, those eyes staring right at him. \"How is that?\" there was an amused tone that should have put him at ease but, managed to have the opposite affect. Kable waited for his player to explain. He got this look in his eyes, an animated quality to every part of him when he tried to explain things, an energy that buzzed under his skin. It was like watching him do what he was meant to, if that made sense. His shoulders would relax, face light up and he would make these gestures with his hands to try and make everything clearer, he like that side of him. The teen just shrugged, refusing to meet his eyes. For someone usually so brash and self assured he was amazed at how shy he could be. Leaning over he clicked the switch to turn off the lamp. Blanketing the room in darkness and not missing the sigh of relief that the teen breathed. He couldn't quite get a handle on his player, when ever he thought he had the kid pinned he would do something to throw him completely off again. \"There's a difference between how people see you and how you really are. The persona you put out. And you make me say stupid shit.\" He mumbled as an after thought. \"You make me do stupid shit.\" \"Are you calling me shit?\" The older man laughed, low and loud before pressing a kiss to his forehead. \"Happy Birthday.\" The teen smiled even though no one could see it. The End. Hey everyone! Thanks for the comments and encouragement! This officially brings my first fanfiction to a close! Sorry for the slow updates, I had this one sitting on my computer for months trying to find a way to end it with out skipping things that I wanted to happen. I tried to add things that people wanted to see such as Kable meeting Simon's parents. After dragging it out I wanted to finish it up before I got stuck and lost interest. Keep an eye out for more to come! -ENE ","Summary":" The game had finally come to an end, he should be happy and he knows that. Yet, it was hard to take"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"Still stranded","Author":"rita louise evans","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12072716","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Still stranded Prologue Dean and Emma have been stranded on the island about a year now and they both came to the conclusion they weren't leaving the island anytime soon so they decided to build a place to live they couldn't keep sleeping on the beach not with the baby coming. Emma thought she was about eight months pregnant she was so scared about being a mom, but Dean reassured her everything would be fine and that he would build them a house he worked all hours on it. It was nearly complete now, thankfully a few months ago some suitcases washed up on the shore they must have fallen from a plane and with the clothes in there, Emma decided to make some baby clothes and some more clothes for her and Dean, they've really come a long way since they first arrived at the island. Chapter 1 Dean has just finished building the house the roof was made from palm leaves layered together Emma placed the leaves together and it took months to complete. After making enough layered leaves Dean had to build the walls from palm trees they chopped down from finding an old axe in the wood's he managed to build a two bedroom chalet which he could add on too. After he built the room he but the roof up piece by piece. He was so proud at what he accomplished he knew he needed to do this, with the baby coming he needed to make them a home for them to live in. After getting everything ready in their new house, Dean decided to make everything more special he just hoped Emma said yes, he knew he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her she was his world and even if they never get of this island he knew that as long as he had her and their unborn child he'd be ok with that for the rest of his life. \"So when can I see the new place\" Emma asked as Dean made his way over to her this was where they spent the last year and she was going to miss sleeping under the stars with him it was the safest she's ever felt. \"Soon first I want to ask you something\" Dean said as he got down on one knee. \"What, what are you doing\" Emma asked not believing what she was seeing. \"Emma I know this isn't how you pictured your life to be, but I promise you I'm going to give you the best life I can, I'm sorry I don't have a ring for you, but will you do me the honor of being my wife\" Dean asked as he looked into her deep blue eyes. \"Yes of course I'll marry you\" Emma said as she cried and held him in her arms she didn't think it was this possible to be this much in love. \"What would you say if we said are vows now I don't want to wait to be your husband he said as he took his chain from around his neck, my mom gave me this chain before she died and I want you to have it as a token of my love for you I'll get you a ring one day I promise you\" Dean said as he placed his chain around her neck. \"This is perfect, I would love for us to get married right now\" Emma said as she kissed him. \"I promise to always be here for you, to honor and obey you and to love you for the rest of our lives, I promise I'll do everything in my power to keep you safe and give you the life you deserve, I love you Emma and I'm going to spend the rest of my life showing you the love you deserve\" Dean said as he looked into her blue eyes he could live in this moment for the rest of his life. \"How do I top that, I promise to love you and be there for you the rest of our lives, I gave you my heart and it will always be with you because I would rather die than to live this life without you in it and even if no one ever finds us I know you're going to give me the best life you can I know you're going to love me and our child and care for us and I'm going to care for you so you don't have to feel you're doing this alone we're in this together for the rest of our lives\" Emma said as he wiped the tears falling from her eyes she'd never felt like this, this was true love she knew that. \"I love you\" Dean said as he kissed his wife he'd never felt happier in this moment he finally had a family and he was going to treasure this moment. \"I love you too\" Emma said as she kissed him again it felt so right this is where she was supposed to be here with him. After they said their vow's Dean knew it was the right time to take her to their new home she needed to see where they were living he hoped she liked it. Emma couldn't believe all the work he'd put into the place it was perfect and she knew how hard he'd worked on it since she told him they were pregnant she was glad he kept her from it apart from helping him layer the palm leaves this was all him. \"What are you doing\" Emma laughed as he picked her up to carry her through their new home. \"It's tradition\" Dean smiled as he carried her though the door and placed her on the bed which he made from leaves and blankets he'd found on the island it was the best he could do and he hoped she liked it. \"This is so amazing I can't believe you managed to do this now I know where you've been most days\" Emma said as she hugged him she couldn't believe he did this for her. \"This is our room and I made this room for the baby\" Dean smiled as he led her to the baby's room. \"Wow how did you manage this\" Emma asked as she noticed a wooden crib and a make shift bed which was made from the same blanket material he used on their bed. \"This was one of the first things I built when I designed the house, I then went searching the island to find something to make the bed with and I came across this trunk it looked old and there was a few blankets and old clothes in there so I cleaned them and started making the bedding. I still have the dresses I figured you could make something with them\" Dean said as held his crying wife. \"This is beautiful thank you for doing this for us I've only got a little bit of thread left I don't know if I'll have enough to make anything else but while you've been here I made quite a few outfits for the baby and I made enough clothes to last him or her for years and hopefully more suitcases wash up on shore and we'll be able to last however long we're here\" Emma said as she sat back down on their bed it's been a long day and she was feeling tired. End of chapter please review and tell me what you think thanks. ","Summary":" Still stranded Prologue Dean and Emma have been stranded on the island about a year now and they bo"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"Coming Home","Author":"lmjlol1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10507308","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Load and shoot, Em\" said Dean \"pull the trigger, Prom Queen.\" As the Flare went off we started jumping up and down out of pure joy. The fact that there was a helicopter coming to rescue us was causing so many emotions in me. I wanted to cry, kiss Dean and sing all at the same time. When the helicopter landed we were shocked to find out that Dean's father was in the passenger seat. \"Dad, what are you doing here?\" \"Looking for you, of course\" \"We thought that everyone would have given up hope on ever finding us alive by now.\" I said in pure disbelief. \"The police have but I couldn't give up hope, I had enough money to quit my job and devote all my time to finding you, as Dean is the only family I have left. I wasn't going to wallow in my grief when there was a chance, no matter how small that you two were alive.\" \"Well thanks\" I said getting into the helicopter as Dean had got in whilst his dad was speaking. During the flight I clung to Dean, even though I knew I was now safe, I didn't feel secure without him next to me. I felt like if he wasn't by my side I was going to have a panic attack, and knowing that we would have to be checked out by a doctor was only making me feel worse. When we landed we were taken into the Hospital and told that we would each be in a different room getting checked out. \"I can't go in there on my own Dean. Can you come in with me?\" I asked as he was about to head off to get checked over. \"Of course I can Em, I would do anything for you. Just because we are off the island does not mean that all of this stuff that happened there is over. I love you Emmaline Robinson, I may not have told you that whilst on the island but I do and I am going to be by your side for as long as you want me there.\" \"I love you too. Now let's go see if we are healthy enough to go home.\" A couple of hours later the doctor came into our room. \"Well, the good news is that you both have nothing seriously wrong with you. You're both lacking in some vitamins and nutrients but nothing too serious. My only concern is about Emma.\" \"What's wrong with her, how can she not have anything serious but your concerned...\" Dean worried. \"Emma is 3 weeks pregnant,\" replied the doctor. \"I thought you said you weren't pregnant this morning Em, how come you are?\" \"I had my period a week or so ago, how was I to know I was pregnant Dean.\" After the doctor had left Dean and I discussed what we wanted to do when we got home and what we were going to do about the baby. After a very long discussion with lots of tears we finally decided that we were going to keep the baby and become parents in less than 9 months time. Please review and let me know whether you want me to continue. ","Summary":" \"Load and shoot, Em\" said Dean \"pull the trigger, Prom Queen.\" As the Flare went off we started"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"To Have A Home","Author":"variyamalfoy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9742391","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summery: What if the flare that Emma shot the first time was their last ticket and now they're stuck on the island for good? \"Emma, I think we need to make a decision, we can't just let everyday pass without making a plan,\" Dean said as he held Emma close one morning. \"What do you mean?\" \"We haven't seen a single plane ever since we shot the last flare\" \"Okay so what should we do?\" Dean sat up and so did Emma. They stared into each others eyes and knew the answer. \"Emma, this is our life now, on our island...I LIke the sound of that our island. We should have a house , a stable likfe if we are ever going to spend the rest of our lives here,\" \"I know Dean,\" Emma said sadly. \"What happened Emma? You don't like what I just said?\" \"Sorry, no Dean look at me. I love your plan, we should build a house and everything, it's just that, back then, I've always thought that when I finally have a house of my own is when I get married and start raising a family,\" Dean started kissing her neck and pulled her close to him. They were now staring into the ocean, Emma leaning her back on Dean. \"Emma turn around\" he said softly. And she saw it, he was holding a ring, with the most loving eyes she had ever seen. It was a look her friends defined as \"The Look\". The look that every girl wanted a guy to look at her with. She felt like all the time in the world stopped. \"Dean...what are you doing and where did you get that from?\" \"It's my mum's ring, I always carried it with me since if there was one thing that my mother taught me, it's to love like there is no tomorrow. And Emma, I love you so much that I would do anything for you. I know that you're the only one for me, and if we are going to spend the rest of our lives here, or anywhere really, I want to spend it with the one girl I love the most. Now I know that I can't give you a wedding that you always wanted, but I can promise to love you forever. So Emma Robinson, would you be my wife?\" Emma was in tears now, she realized that his was something she would never get in real life. She's the popular girl in school, the only thing guys would love about her is her body. Now that she's thinking about it, her best friends don't even seem to care about her, they just keep talking about how she should be sleeping with the quarterback jerk because he's hot. In the real world, people would only care about some parts of her, but not her as herself, only one person can do that. Dean. She knows that now. Leaning in she kissed him and gave him a hug. \"Yes Dean, I will be your wife, and thank you for loving me and for taking care of me,\" Dean carefully slid the ring onto his wife's finger. \"We should have a name for this island, now that it's ours,\" \"It's funny now that you think about it, back in our normal lives we thought that only the rich can get an private island, but look at us, people barely out of high school, with no money, yet we own this island to ourselves,\" Emma chuckled and she leaned her head on Dean's shoulder. \"What about Blue Lagoon? Think about it, it's the first place we had a real conversation, and without that lagoon we can barely survive on this island,\" \"Yeah, I like that...Blue Lagoon, so it's official, blue lagoon,\" \"Mrs. McMullen...you know that I would never get tired of saying that right?\" \"I know, but Mr. McMullen, I think that we need to go and eat something so we can start planning on our lives,\" ","Summary":" Summery: What if the flare that Emma shot the first time was their last ticket and now they're stuc"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"Coming Home ( Together )","Author":"This is a late night hobbie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10937990","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Pull the trigger prom queen\" Both Dean and Emma looked up to the sky with great hopefulness. As Emma pulled to trigger to the orange gun. The helicopter started to chop down towards the beach while Dean and Emma were yelling \"HEY!\" at the top of their lungs. In the helicopter both were quiet as Emma stared longingly out the window. To think Emma was the one to worry about going home for most of their stay at their beloved Lagoon now she did not want to leave. She leaned into Dean. Both were petrified about their home life after this event. One thing was for certain though, they would have each other. The still surprised helicopter pilot was astonished at his discovery and was looking back to the teens again and again. Then putting his focus back to the sky to get them home as soon as he could. Emma couldn't help but think about one thing. She was pregnant and she knew it. She did not want to worry Dean so she lied that time he asked here about pregnancy. Of course she was pregnant after all the time she had spent with him in that way. The way she had been hiding it was easy. It was a deserted island and she did not spend all her time right next to Dean. She had learned in health class that first time moms did not really start to show at around 12 weeks, she was going to tell him then. She felt sick and tired mostly. She estimated she was about 10 weeks. Everything was a blur. Emma looked into Deans concerning eyes as they took a big step of the helicopter onto a building, an actual building! After the 4 and a half hour flight Dean stopped Emma before walking down the grey connecter to the airport. \"Emma… no madder what happens I love you.\" He said with a confidant smile Emma was pleasantly surprised because \"I love you\" was a rare phrase for the young couple. She knew that they were going to face the public and their families together. As they walked towards the escalator hand in hand they got closer together just at the sight of the paparazzi and their family and friends, mostly all Emma's. There was so much commotion. Emma could see her best friend standing on top of something to see over the crowd. When they got to the bottom where the crowd was located, Emma's family swarmed up to her. Everyone tried to separate the two but they kept hold of each other. Emma's mother had a confused look on her face for a moment as she saw Dean and Emma's unwillingness to let go of each other's hands. She looked between the two teens then embraced them both. ","Summary":" \"Pull the trigger prom queen\" Both Dean and Emma looked up to the sky with great hopefulness. As "},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"I, Emma","Author":"Girl With The Dandelion","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10479347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I clung to him during the plane ride; his arm held my waist and together I felt safer than I'd ever felt before. My breathing became erratic as the runway came into view. For three months, I'd fallen asleep by his side and he had woken up by mine. Three months we were all the other had. For all our talk of being rescued, deep down I didn't think it was going to actually happen. We were going to live the rest of our lives on that island. That was the reality I had come to accept. I missed my family terribly, but he was my family now. He was my reality. That place with its beauty and dangers; that was home. Dean broke the silence first. \"What do we now?\" My hold on him tightened. \"I don't know.\" As the plane began its descent, I still hadn't reigned in my breathing. \"Dean, I can't do this.\" \"Hey, breathe Emma, breathe. We have to do this. We have to\" \"How am I supposed to not see you every day?\" He closed his eyes and sighed. \"I haven't figured that out yet. But we have to do this. We have to see them. We have to go back.\" I knew he was right. I knew I was being completely irrational. That didn't make this any easier. I tried to control myself. I faked a smile. \"It's funny. Our roles; they've reversed. Me trying to go back to the island, you wanting to go home. When did that happen?\" He kissed the top of my head. \"It was never about the island Emma. It was always you. It was you I was trying to keep.\" I sniffled and nodded. When had I started to cry? \"And now I'm trying to keep you.\" His breath hitched and I kissed his neck, my tears mixing with his. We expected a madhouse when we landed, but for some reason neither of us had anticipated the news crews. We tried to fight our way through to get to our families, but they were apart from each other. Eventually, a reporter managed to sidle her way in between us, and immediately I felt the loss of his hand in mine. Mom pulled me into an embrace, and I felt dad wrap his arms around us. I stretched my hand out, hoping I would feel his fingers lock into mine but instead I felt Stacy take hold. I could feel myself losing control of my breathing again. The room was spinning and I held back the bile that so desperately wanted to be released. I'd never done well with plane rides and this one in particular was a nightmare. When Mom finally let me go, I closed my eyes and tried to take a deep breath, but I couldn't. Right before I thought I was going to pass out, I felt him. He came so close to me, I could reach out and grab him. And so I did. I pulled him to me and I wrapped my arms around his waist and buried my face in his chest. I stopped gasping and just started to cry. There was too many people; too many faces. \"Can we leave? We need to leave,\" he said. Someone responded and began to usher us out. I kept my gaze pointed to the ground, watching our feet as we were paraded to our cars. I could hear the camera's clicking and the flashes illuminated the walkway. Over and over I could hear them talking about the 'boy and girl survivors.' That's what we were to them. Two lucky kids who made it out alive. I didn't feel like a child anymore though. \"Come on Emma, let's go,\" Dad said. This was what I had been terrified of all day long. A night without Dean. I shook my head against Dean's side. \"I can't.\" Our parents all glanced at the other. \"Emma, you have to.\" Mom started to reach for me, but I pulled back. \"Mom, I can't.\" I was frantic; I probably looked crazy. No. I looked like I had been stuck on an island for three months. \"I can't leave him.\" \"And I won't leave her,\" he said. \"Sweetie, I understand-,\" \"No, no you don't. And I hope you never will. Don't understand this. Don't even try. I wouldn't wish it on you Mom. But this is my reality now. Dean is my reality. And I can't face a night without him. Not right now.\" Not ever really. Her tone of voice changed from sad to stern. \"You don't have a choice.\" I could feel the panic coming back. Every damn time I thought I'd finally let it go it became back even more menacing than before. \"Barbara, we didn't anticipate this.\" Mom's eyes widened and she turned to dad. \"Are you honestly suggesting we let them stay the night together? She's only 17 Phil!\" Dad put his hands on her shoulders. \"If it's on the couch out in the open, at this point I don't care. I just want her home.\" Dean's dad had been silent up until that point. \"Well I have my objections about all this.\" \"Dad, I'm 18. It's my decision and I can't leave her.\" I had started to shake and I could feel my vision fading. The last thing I heard was mom screaming as I fell to the floor. Sunlight poured through the blinds and bathed my blanket in its yellow glow. My limbs each ached in familiar places and I stretched my hand to the side, expecting to make contact with Dean's back. When it brushed empty sheets I jolted upwards. \"Dean? Dean?\" Hyperventilating, I started to scream. I relented when I saw his body shoot up from the floor. \"Emma? What's wrong?\" I crawled to the edge of the bed and wrapped my arms around him. \"You weren't there. You weren't there.\" His hands brushed my hair back and he kissed my forehead. \"I'm right here Emma. I'm here. It's going to be okay,\" he whispered. I shook my head against him and all of our parents burst into the room. \"What's going on?\" Instead of my tears stopping, they just continued on. Because I knew. I knew they wouldn't allow this. They wouldn't let Dean stay here and I know I wouldn't be able to stay with him. Why couldn't they understand? This wasn't some stupid teenage fantasy. I didn't want Dean next to me so that I could sleep with him at our leisure. It wasn't a want; it was a need. I needed him by my side so that I could sleep. I needed him so that I didn't lose my mind. If he was here with me, I felt a little more sane. \"I can't do this mom. I can't do this without him.\" \"Sweetie, it's gonna take some time. We're going to get you both to a doctor and they're going help you two work through this. It's separation anxiety honey. It's very common in cases like this.\" I brought my hands to my head and rolled my eyes. \"Cases like this? What would you know about cases like this? Put whatever label you want on it mom, but I'm not leaving his side.\" He held me against him in agreement. \"Emma, I'm sorry but you're seventeen. This is not up to you.\" I balled my hands into fists. \"Mother! Do you see me right now? I mean really see me? I have a hundred bags under my eyes. I look like I've spent ten years in a tanning bed. My hair is a mess. I'm shaking. I can't even see straight right now. I can still smell the ocean. And I am mid panic attack because he wasn't there this morning. He was still in the room and I am having this reaction. Do you honestly think separating me from him is what's best for us?\" She stood her ground. \"I absolutely do. We can fix this.\" \"Mom, I'm not broken. You can't fix me. This is something that happened. This is my reality. I cannot breathe if I don't know he's okay. I just can't. Three months. We were gone for three months and while you worried and searched for us, we were there.\" Dean swiped at his eyes, no doubt brushing tears away. \"She's right Mrs. Robinson. We knew you guys were out there looking, but every single day you looked, we were trying to live. I wouldn't have made it the first night without Emma, and every night after that. Having Emma there was a gift. She saved me. And I saved her. Without each other, you wouldn't have either of us right now. That's a bond that's not going to break. It's there. Forever. So send us to whatever doctors you want. Do whatever you think necessary, but if I have to move next door I will. Emma may be seventeen but I'm not. I can do that. I can move.\" I hoped he would. I thought I could see mom falter, but I was wrong. \"Dean, you need to leave. Now.\" Dad tried to talk to mom but she yelled over him. \"Get out. Now!\" \"Mom, please,\" I sobbed out. She furiously shook her head. \"No! You are my daughter. You are my child. This is not up for debate or discussion. You are not having some boy sleep in your room every night and you're certainly not sleeping in his. This is absolutely ludicrous we're even discussing this!\" I collapsed to my bed as Mr. McMullen dragged Dean from the room. I could hear him yelling all the way down the stairs and out the door, which was a miracle of its own given the octave of my screaming. Mom rushed up to me and took me by the shoulders. \"Emma! Emma listen to me! This is reality. That island? Those three months? That is the past Emma. This is your present. Your life here is what's happening. That boy? He is going to be fine, with or without you there. He's going to be just fine, and so will you! This is going to take time, sweetheart, but you have to pull through. For you. And for him. You have to get used to this. You have to.\" I don't remember when I stopped crying. Our first therapy appointment was two days later. Two entire days without hearing from him or seeing him. When I saw him in the waiting room, I wanted to run into his arms, but my mother held me back. \"No, Emma. No.\" It took everything I had not to reach around and just slap her. I loved my mother so much, and I could even rationalize what she was trying to do. But there was no rationalizing this. This wasn't a rational situation. Mom got her surprise though when the doctor wanted to see both Dean and me separate from our parents. \"With all due respect Doctor, she's a minor. I'm going into that room.\" Doctor Frances raised an eyebrow. \"With all due respect Mrs. Robinson, I won't get the whole story of what they've been through with you in the room. You want an honest diagnosis, you wait out here.\" Mom gaped at him, but sat down. As soon as she was no longer separating us, Dean rushed over and held me to his side. \"Are you okay? Did you sleep okay?\" I held back a sob. \"No. I kept waking up really uncomfortable. I miss the sand. And god I missed you. I never thought I'd miss the sand though.\" He kissed my hair and we walked into the office hand in hand. I could hear mom huff as we disappeared from her sight. \"You both have been through hell and I'm not interested in pretending everything is okay. I'll be fully honest with you, but you're gonna have to give me the same courtesy. There is doctor patient confidentiality; contrary to what your mother wants, being seventeen you're past the age of consent therefore, I don't have to tell her what's discussed in this room. That being said, judging by your body language, you two have had sex?\" I took a shaky breath and nodded. My cheeks must have been bright red, because the doctor smiled apologetically. \"I know it's not something you want to talk about it but in all honesty, given your circumstances on the island, I'm not surprised. I'm told you two knew each other before all of this happened?\" Again, I nodded, but Dean spoke up. \"Vaguely. More like we knew of each other. We'd see each other in the halls or in class. We weren't really friends though.\" The doctor nodded along. \"So what happened? Did you two fall off the boat?\" I answered him this time. \"I was accidentally pushed off. Dean jumped in after me\" The doctor tilted his head to the side. \"You jumped in after a girl you weren't even friends with?\" Dean awkwardly shrugged his shoulder. \"I told you I knew her.\" The doctor shook his head. \"You told me you knew of her.\" Dean furrowed his eyebrows. \"I guess I did. Yeah I mean, she needed help so I tried to help her.\" Dr. Frances wrote something down and then looked back at us. \"You tried to save the girl you had a crush on. I get it.\" Dean's mouth dropped open. \"I don't have crushes.\" \"Everyone has crushes and its very evident that two of you felt something for the other before this island experience.\" \"I guess there's truth to that. I would always sneak glances at Dean, but I never really thought about it before. I had too much to think about. School and home and college. I didn't have time to think about why I always looked at you.\" I clasped Dean's hand and laced my fingers through his. I loved the feel of his touch; it grounded me. \"And now? What about those things?\" I looked back over to Dr. Frances. \"School? I want to get back to it. I want to remember my old patterns; fall back into my rhythm. As far as home, I can't express how much I missed my family. But it's really hard because they don't understand. They could never understand. The only one who understands is Dean. And I'm not allowed to see him. I know why, but now I don't understand. Just seeing him makes me feel so much better. Knowing he is there makes me feel okay inside. It makes me feel like I'm not alone. He used to chase away the noises at night. He would wake up with me if I had a nightmare. He was there when I was cold. He was there when I was alone. And my family expects me to go from having that security every day to not even be allowed to speak to him. I can't do it. I can feel myself going crazy. When he's not in eyesight, this panic settles over me. My mind starts wandering to all these different insane possibilities. Did he fall and now he's hurt? Did another panther attack? Is he sick? Is he okay? Does he need me? And we're not island so these fears I have scare me so much. It's like if I don't see him, I don't know where I am. It feels like I'm still on the island but this time I'm alone.\" Dean wiped away the tears that had fallen and I kissed his palm. This was everything I wanted to say to mom, but she would never let me. I'd had this sitting on my chest since we first landed and for the first time in three days I took a huge deep breath. I didn't feel dizzy and I didn't want to vomit. This was what I needed. Dean by my side and no one interrupting me. \"And what about you Dean? How do you feel when Emma isn't there?\" Clearing his throat, Dean answered him. \"I feel kind of lost. I definitely feel helpless. I mean half the time on the island it was Emma taking care of the two of us. She kept track of our supplies, she made sure everything was working the way it should. Sometimes I felt kind of useless, but she gave me a purpose. For most of my life, I've felt inadequate and unnecessary. Like if I died, no one would care. No one would miss me. My dad and I have never really been close and to be perfectly honest, I'd thought he would have given up the search for me after the first day. I've just never been important, but Emma made me feel important. Even though she was the brains on the island, she still made me feel necessary. She always had something for me to do, and she was always there if I needed help. I wasn't a useless face in the crowd. To Emma, I was Dean. I wasn't that loner guy who sat in the back of the class anymore. She gave me a reason to want to fight to survive. I fought for her. I learned how to hunt and how to live for her. I'd always been lonely, but because of Emma, never once did I feel alone on that island. When I wake up and I don't see her right next to me, that same panic she described over takes me. I can't breathe; I feel sick. It's like I'm on that island and god knows what happened to her. When I close my eyes I can still feel the warm breeze and I can hear the rustle in the bushes. I can feel the sand and I can hear the ocean. But I don't feel her and that scares the shit out of me. I don't feel her and it's like I can't feel at all.\" Again, the doctor wrote something down. \"Have the two of you tried explaining how you feel to your families?\" We both shook our heads. \"No one's really let us. With me, I get the speech about how I'm only seventeen and I don't know what's right for me. And they basically tell Dean to just stay away. They said it'll fix us if we're apart.\" Doctor Frances looked sad, as if he'd heard this story before. \"You're not broken, either of you. You're traumatized, that's for sure. But you are most definitely not broken. Your families are going through their own trauma. Just like they will never understand your experiences, you will never understand theirs. Its shitty, but it's raw. That's unfortunately this sucky deck you've been dealt. It seems like a never ending cycle of garbage and it's messy and complicated. And unfortunately, I can't make either party understand the other. But I can assure you, you are absolutely not broken. There is nothing wrong with either of you. To be honest, I expected you to have more issues than that of being separated from one another. I can't make your parents allow you to be together, I really can't. But I can at least tell them that I think seeing one another every day really is whats best. Your lives changed forever and there is no going back to the way your lives used to be. The two of you are irrevocably involved together. To take that away from you is not the correct course of action. Again, I cannot make either of your parents do what I think is best, however, I can strongly recommend it. Daily interaction became a coping mechanism for the two of you. We've already established the two of you had some sort of feeling for the other before the island, and during the island that blossomed into something that only the two of you will ever be able to understand. Daily interaction is still your coping mechanism, and I will do my best to make sure that's not taken from you.\" I couldn't hold it back anymore. I broke down sobbing. Dean wrapped me in his arms and the doctor handed me a box of tissues. To have someone, to have an adult , explain to me that I was okay and that Dean was okay, that we were okay together, was more than I'd ever expected out of therapy. \"Now, I don't want you to think this is it for the three of us. I want to see you both twice a week. Once together, and once apart. This isn't going to be easy. Readjusting is going to take effort. However, I'm confident that the two of you are going to be just fine.\" And we were. It did take months before the thought of not being in the same room as Dean didn't leave me feeling paralyzed. It took a year before we could be away from the other for more than a week. When it was time for me to choose a college, my parents almost had a heart attack when they realized Dean was coming with me. And when he asked me to marry him when I was twenty-three, I didn't have to be afraid of being apart from him anymore. That fear never totally disappeared. It was more subtle, buried beneath a layer of strength it had taken me years to develop, but it was never gone. It was like a scar. The wound had healed, but it left behind a vicious reminder. Sometimes I still miss the sand and I think that scares me the most. Missing the island…our therapist had told us it was normal, but six years later and it felt the furthest thing from normal. But I do. I miss the sand. I miss the warmth. But now, on our wedding day, I know I will never have to miss Dean again. He's been apart of my soul for six years, and now he was cemented into my being. \"I, Emma, take thee Dean…\" Author's Note: Yeah I don't even know where this came from. I watched this movie for the first time yesterday and I immediately started to write this. I wrote it as if it were me though. You'd have to surgically remove me from my survival partner once we were back on the mainland. There's no way in hell I'd be able to be parted from them and be okay. I already know I would not be able to handle that mentally and emotionally. And I feel like the ending wasn't that realistic. At least, for the average teenage girl having gone through what Emma did, I seriously doubt she'd just be all hunky dory with returning to her everyday activities. There'd be mental repercussions to her experiences and so I wrote this. I honestly hope I did the story justice. Leave a review if you can because they make me LIVE LONG AND PROSPER. ","Summary":" I clung to him during the plane ride; his arm held my waist and together I felt safer than I'd ever"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"Mysteriousness Island","Author":"BieberAllTime","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9014641","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE BEING My school was a hell hole for me . Girls dressed like sluts : . /tumblr_m3nmdfqzLH1qabf0wo1_ shorter stop and i dressed like : . /tumblr_m26karGq4c1r55wheo1_ It was Monday morning and my mom came to wake me up so she pull of my covers pulled the curtains and pushed my gently to get up . After 5minn of my mom yelling in my ears trying to make me go def and gently pushing me i got up ate my breakfast grabbed my towel and took a shower . I wasn't in a dressy mood to i justThrew on: . /tumblr_m1wt9wapOZ1qfcyo3o1_r1_ and walked to school. As i reached to my locker gabby came and tightly hugged me and i hugged back . She was my best friend I know i could count on her for anything she and my friend Destiny I called her des . Emma asked her \"how was your weekend and where des?\" She said \" it was awesome and des isn't coming to today she sick. \" i said \"ok\" . Bell rang and I went to Spanish class we sat there waiting for here until a teacher came and said she wasn't here :). i was happy free period gabby tuned around and we were talking about our weekend and how awesome it was and stuff .Gabby wanted a book borrow so i reached in my bag getting it for her noticing Dean staring at me . I always had a secret crush on him .He's killed people , been arrested , wanted by a lot of people yet none of that mattered cause i liked him . I've known him since kidgarden but ever since he came to high school he doesn't talk to me we use to be really good friend until he became a badass. I turned to him and said \" stop staring at me like that its creeping me out bro.\" He smirked and said \" I can stare at whoever i want to its my fucking eyes so I suggest I shut that mouth of yours.\" I rolled my eyes and give gabby her book. ~*~*~* Dean PVO ~*~*~* I liked that emma was feisty and she wasn't like other sluts at school throwing their selves at me I mean I like it but Emma was feisty. I tuned around to me friend jake and were started talking about weekend and stuff -Skipping to lunch still on Dean's PVO- i sat with jake and a couple other friends and their girlfriend's. I ate my lunch and left.I went the agricultural block and went to the garden and sat under a tree . Later i see emily and her friend gabby coming i quickly got up and left . *~*~*Emma PVO *~*~* Going to the garden after eating lunch sitting on a tree branch talking was our thing. When i saw Dean walking out i was like what was he doing here he's never here well I've never seen him here. While sitting on the tree with gabby talking i see Dean a and girl and went down in he back of the field and we started hearing sex noises. Me and gabby left and same time we left bell rang . Thank god it was the last two periods was English/Lit i liked those subjects. I sat down in front of the class with gabby on my right . After the 1st period fished i jason walks in class and the teacher didn't even see . While writing notes the English teacher tells us if have to translate the first 3 chapters of Romeo and Juliet . she paired us up and i got jason I wasn't too happy about that . Bell rang i packed up my stuff and walked up with gabby . Dean came and pulled me away from gabby and asked \" My house or urs \" i said \" I don't really know you pick.\" He said \" mines.\" I said \" sure.\" he wrote down his address on a paper and his number and gave it to me. I said thank \" thank I'll be there at 4 or half 4 . I walked away and gabby dropped me home . When i reached home i went to my room relaxed and thought to myself i should have said my house what if he rapes me D: its 4:20pm i get ready and i borrow my mom's car and drives to his house. i park in his yard knock on his door and i see some man opening the door ... ","Summary":" THE BEING My school was a hell hole for me . Girls dressed like sluts : . /tumblr_m3nmdfqzLH1qabf0w"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"Kables New Mission!","Author":"TheGrandDisciple","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5741348","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I do not own the rights to Gamer. The only character I own is Dan Magnus and I own the name Omega Federations, Battle Grounds and Daily Life After escaping the game and driving a knife into Ken Castle's gut, John aka Kable had finally settled with his wife and his daughter. Unfortunately the splendor wouldn't last very long for the John and the Humanz only survivor, Trace had not a clue that Ken Castle had a predecessor. His name is Dan Magnus. Three months after the \"murder\" of Ken Castle and the demise of Slayers and Society, Dan Magnus announced that he has taken over the corporation that Ken Castle owned but has renamed it Omega Federations. He says they have updated the technology to make it safer and that two new games will be starting. They are called Battle Grounds and Daily Life. John, Angie and Trace all know that its bull shit. They know that Dan Magnus is bringing back Slayers and Society. But with different names. Just when they didn't think it could be worse, Dan Magnus announces his new chief advisor and soon be to be first member of Daily Life, Gorge. Angie realizes she's in trouble. After the downfall of The Humanz, Trace discovered that he was the one controlling her in Society. John knows that he has one more mission. It is to kill Magnus and Gorge. He knows now he has to stop them. He knows that he is number one on the hit list. They will find him and Angie and reprogram them. And take their daughter again. There's one other person that can help John and Trace with this mission. The only question is where is he? After the death of Ken Castle and the demise of Slayers, Simon disappeared off the face of the earth. Without Simon to help him, Kable will be on Dan Magnus' radar and won't have clue if someone's coming from out of his peripheral vision. Simon needs to help him one last time. John hopes that his worst fears aren't true. Meanwhile Dan Magnus sits with Gorge in his office at Omega Federations. He asks Gorge if the men are ready. Gorge tells him that he kept his end of the deal and got a hold of sixteen pissed off death row inmates ready to kill Kable. Now he wants the device that will track down Angie and activate the Nano Mites and reactivate her for Daily Life. Magnus tells Gorge that he did something even better and that before Ken Castle was killed, they put and snake in the pit! There is someone out there who will bring Angie back to them and Gorge will have full control of her to do as he wishes. They technology is far stronger then Castle could ever have imagined. They both share a laugh. Dan Magnus can now only imagine the things he will be doing to Kable when he gets his hands on him for murdering the love of his life! That being an unknown secret about Ken Castle that no one except Magnus knew about. A secret in which Magnus will take to the grave. Literally![Chapter 2] Knowing what he must now do, John bids what could be his last farewell to his wife and daughter, gears up with the new technology Trace has given him and he heads out for Magnus and Gorge. The new technology Trace has given him is like a pair of goggles. They allow him to see all around himself as if he were the player in \"Battle Grounds\" aka Slayers. He hotwires a Dodge Ram and continues his pilgrimage. The problem is, is that he doesn't know where Omega Federations is. Trace can't find it because there's a lock on it that scrambles any technology from pinpointing it. As he drives, John takes a sharp right at a yellow, putting the truck up on two wheels before it slams back down. He recognizes the area and remembers that before he can go any further he still needs Simons help just in case Magnus reactivates him. The certainty of the technology, that Trace has given him will work, is still unknown. He knows Simon went into hiding but it's still worth trying his old apartment. When John pulls up in the truck he sees a gathering of what appears to be police officers or soldiers standing in and outside of the apartment complex. He starts to speed off when one of the officer or soldiers sees his face on a wanted poster and points out the truck. \"Fuck me!\" John thinks to himself. He floors the gas pedal as the truck goes from twenty five miles per hour to sixty nine miles per hour. Suddenly an armored vehicle with, \"O.F. Operatives\" written on the side of it, pulls up in front of Johns truck. John bares his teeth and keeps going. The truck reaches a hundred and three miles per hour before slamming into the side of the armored vehicle. John flies through the windshield of the Dodge Ram, with his bag of supplies in hand, while the armored unit turns sideways a bit. He lands and then rolls across the ground before making his way under another truck. He draws his gun as the Federation Operatives open fire on the, now totaled, Dodge Ram. After realizing he's not in it they shout on a mega phone, \"Kable! Come out and surrender! Make it easy! We won't kill you if you surrender NOW!\" He shakes his head as he grabs a grenade out of his bag. He pulls the pin and throws it across the ground towards the operatives. All he hears is \"Oh Shit!\" before it explodes. John jumps out from under the truck with his riffle ready and he opens fire. For twenty minutes he exchanges fire with them. Ducking and diving over and under any and every vehicle he can to avoid getting hit. He activates the goggles that Trace gave him as he enters the complex, shooting and stabbing very operative he can find. The goggles allow him to see all around himself in full color. He reaches the fourth floor as he snaps the neck of another operative and throws the other head first over the railing. He deactivates and takes off the goggles as he kicks open the door to Simon's apartment. He looks around to discover that Simon's parental unit and significant other are dead with their throats cut. But Simon himself is nowhere to be found. He goes to Simon's room and turns on the light. It's obvious he hasn't been home in a long time. Everything is covered in dust and his email screen shows that his mailboxes, including the Spam box are backed up. He thinks for a minute as it dawns on him that Simon wouldn't take off without leaving him a message or a clue. He looks around the room before finding a holonote with a post it note reading \"For Kable\". Before he can play it, a phone call comes in. It's the British twins. \"'Ello? Where's Simon! We came to the U.S. to see him after he helped Kable win Slayers. We haven't seen him since!\" The first says. The other makes mention that that is Kable and they freak out until Kable tells them to shut up! He asks them when they saw Simon and the shorter one tells him two weeks after helping him kill Castle and then he was gone and they haven't gotten a hold of him since a week after that when word leaked on the internet that Castle had a predecessor. But he better show up because he's got two kids on the way. One by each of them. John hangs up on them then again tries to play the holonote. Suddenly he hears sirens and there are two more armored vehicles. The vehicles empty out and there are two men with tracers. John can hear them saying that the signal came from here and they swear out loud as they see the carnage out side. John pockets the holonote and heads to the fire escape. He slides down the ladder, takes the motorcycle in the alley with the keys in it and heads away from the Federation Operatives. As fast as he can on the motorcycle as he heads for a safe place to play the holonote. Meanwhile Dan and Gorge sit in Dan's office looking at a screen that seems to be tracing something or someone. Magnus is aggravated when the signal dies. He slams his fist on the side of the table that the trace unit is on! He walks to his desk as Gorge follows him in his wheelchair and takes a bite of his Eggo Waffles. Dan sits down and with a swipe of his arms, knocks everything off of his desk before resting his face in his palms. \"Damn it! How did he manage to get away! We had him! He doesn't have help any more! How!\" Dan screams. \"I don't know boss. I want him caught so that…\" Gorge tries to say before being cut off. \"Shut the hell up! I do not want to hear that right now! I get it! You can't have her back until we capture Kable! Alright!\" Dan screams at him. \"Call the snake and them it's faze two of the mission. I know it's early but tell them to deal with it! And call our genius and tell the trap is in the setting. Now!\" Dan screams. Gorge says he's right on it and wheels away as quick as his chair will go as Dan chuckles and smiles. Thinking he now has the upper hand. R&R.; Chapter 3 will be here when I get a chance to write it. ;-)[Chapter 3] John sees an abandoned building and drives the motorcycle right literally through the front door. Just to be safe he heads up to the fifth floor. After finding a room and kicking the door off the hinges, he sits in the middle of the room with Simon's holonote in hand. He closes the shades that are in the room after setting the holonote down. He admires how nice the room is and still looks. He realizes that this must have been one of the apartment complexes that was used in Society and will most likely be reused in Daily Life. If he lets it go off. After he makes sure no one can see him or is around, he sits in front of the holonote and pushes the play button. He starts to dress his wounds as the light with Simons hologram pops up and begins talking. \"Kable! Obviously you are in possession of this holonote since you are playing it. This means that Castles cronies are still showing him loyalty and have come to take me away. Or so you would like to think. I have left this for you to leave you clues. You see, after my awesome week with the twins, I heard about Castles predecessor. So I packed my shit, closed all of my game accounts and left town. After the first time I had been interrogated I didn't like what they told me could happen in prison. So I have headed east. That's your first clue. Now listen to me carefully Kable. I know everything about Daily Life and Battle Grounds. If I am to be caught, the Humanz member you introduced me to, Trace, is set up to be my gamer giving me the name, \"Mini Kable.\" Daily Life isn't just another Society. In Society, they wee connected to a computer and telling them what to do. In Daily Life it will be just like Slayers. They will total control along with the mind fuck technology that incapacitates them from Society. Everyone that worked in Society will be rehired for Daily Life and they are looking for and will find your wife. Battle Grounds is Slayers but this time with more weapons. Same control system and everything. The only difference is, this time, the slayer dies, the players gets physically incapacitated for two weeks! There is a side mission is Battle Grounds. One of many is to track down former slayers and kill which ever one on the list. You're number one on there. Since I have this knowledge is one of many reasons I've taken off. It's why I've headed east. Never fear Kable, I'm not as far as you'd think. I may be right under your nose. But you won't know for sure. I can't tell you for sure. Because this holonote might be traced. So I have to protect myself. The federation is after you now because you know the secrets. Plus you killed Castles lover and the predecessor is pist! When you killed Hackman He was the best friend of the predecessor hence why he was the only slayer not to be controlled by a gamer. That big black bastard was Castles lover because Castle was a masochist and Hackman was a sadist. The predecessor is a Sado-Masochist and was involved with them both! How I know all this I can't tell you right now. But you now know the secrets I know about the federation. Now this next thing is very important, there's a traitor in your midst! I'm not sure who it is but before we killed him, Castle to go them. That's all I know. They now work for the federation as an operative. Here's the last bit of info I have for you. If you head thirty miles north-east of here, there's a refugee camp full of former slayers. They may not like you much but they'll trust you because of what we did. They'll follow you if you just rally them. Trust me, the most I know about the predecessor is that you can't bring him down by yourself or with my help alone. If you can find me. Remember, I'm east and closer then you think. Remember this and you'll stay alive. For now, I can not help you. And tell those British bimbos those aren't my damn kids! Oh shit! Program Terminate!\" The hologram of Simon disappears and the light on the holonote turns off. John just looks around and thinks to himself, \"A traitor? A spy? Who?\" Before he has another second a grenade comes through the window. \"Oh shit!\" is all he says. He quickly grabs it and throws it back out the window. He hears foot steps running up the stairs. He looks around, and sees the bed is a wall bed. He quickly pulls the bed down, gets behind it and lets it go up and stops it with his gun just enough that it doesn't suffocate him. He's going to try and wait them out so that he doesn't leave anymore crumbs in his trail. But how did they find him is what he now wonders.[Chapter 4] The team looks around the room knowing someone was in there. John see's the scanner they're using. He realizes quickly that it's actually a tracer. But what is it tracing? He wonders. He begins to search himself trying to figure out what in the hell are they tracing. Before he gets a chance, one of the soldiers approaches the wall bed with the tracer going frantic. Before the soldier can say anything, John slams into the bed as hard as he can, sending it flying down and crushing the soldier. As the rest open fire, he throws a grenade and dives out a window. Breaking it. He flies through the air as the grenade goes off and bodies fly through out the window. John tucks and rolls as he hits the ground running. He finds the motor cycle he was on and gets back on it. He pulls into an ally way five miles away and starts to search himself. He gets all the stuff that Trace gave and sees that they all have blinking lights. He figures out that they are what are getting him caught. \"Trace!\" He thinks to himself. \"That fucking bitch! She's the traitor! She knew they'd be looking for me! God damn it!\" He screams as he punches and breaks off a brick in the wall next to him. He screams out loud for a while and cries a little bit. He can't believe he's been betrayed. Now he's worried because she's with his wife guarding her supposedly. He has to go on and take care of Magnus first. He'll kill Trace after he kills Magnus. He leaves a coded message to be found by his wife to get away from Trace. He only hopes she'll find it in time. He destroys all the items by laying them on the ground and bowing them to smithereens with his riffle. He screams that he will kill Trace and Magnus. He takes off on the motorcycle again. Now with an even bigger purpose. It seems the faster he heads towards OMEGA Federations, the farther it gets from him. The more he has to deal with. Suddenly he gets flagged down on his motorcycle. Johns not sure why but he slows down. The person looks at him and says \"Tillman. You need this,\" and hands him a box before walking away. He goes down the ally and opens the box. Suddenly another Hologram of Simon appears. \"Alright Kable. You've made I this far. OMEGA Federations is another thirty miles from here. Keep going. But be careful. There are a few traps waiting for you. But if you're listening to this, you need to go east now. To the compound. Remember those former Slayers. Prove yourself and round them up. You're going to need them. As of now, Magnus has bred a few super Slayers to match your skill. He's a wiz with the nanites and knows how to get them to do and program who and what he wants. These new soldiers have our skills. Now go round them up.\" The hologram disappears. John looks off to the east and says to himself, \"Here goes nothing. Looks like either way, I'm gonna die.\" Meanwhile Dan Magnus sits in the laboratory having more nanites converted to make more slayers. Gorge wheels in and tells him that Kable has evaded them again. Magnus doesn't seem at all concerned. \"Has the parcel been delivered downtown yet?\" He asks Gorge. Gorge replies with, it sure was and it was received. Dan Magnus laughs a bit and says to himself, \"Now, we move forward. All leads to the moment to come.\" Gorge asks about he nanites he requested. Magnus rolls his eyes and says yes. Magnus says bring her in and a blonde dressed in slutty Society clothing comes out. Magnus tells him, \"I'm sure she'll hold you fine 'til you get back the one you're really wanting. Just as soon as the nanites finally come out perfectly. Gorge rolls off and Magnus requests to have the room sterilized as he leaves. He sits goes to his office and sits at his desk. Magnus logs onto his computer, looks up Simons old hard drive. He looks up the twins and chuckles as he watches the old data of when the twins flashed Simon. He starts talking out loud, \"Those Humanz were idiots creating a fake program to try and buy Kable. Good idea though. Wonder what Traces sister thinks of herself being used and exposed and replicated like that? Good idea. Backfired though. What a stubborn bastard.\" He begins to chuckle. He asks that Trace be watched and when Kable gets to the Federations head quarters, to have trace taken away and hidden so that she doesn't get hurt because in case he dies, she's his predecessor. \"Kable will learn soon just how big a fool he really is and how played he's become. Balls in my court. Game! Set! Match!\" He thinks to himself as he watches the money come in from all the people signing up for Daily Life and Battle Grounds[Chapter 5] John has made it twenty miles east when the motorcycle runs out of gas. He throws it down hard to the ground in a fit of rage. He begins to run the rest of the way. As he does he begins to talk to himself. Saying over and over again that this better worth it and that Simon better not be lying to him. He hopes the other slayers will welcome him even though he doubts it. Meanwhile Angie sits in the hideout with her daughter. Trace is in the other room going frantic and screaming \"Shit!\" over and over. There's a knock at the back door. Angie sneaks out of the room and answers it. It's the drifter that flagged down John a few hours ago. He hands her a piece of cardboard and quickly runs back to and drives away in the vehicle he came in. Angie unfolds it and sees Johns message which simply says \"Trace = A Magnus Bitch!\" Angie looks up and drops the message. She tells her daughter to close her eyes and cover her ears. Her daughter does what she's told. Angie quietly walks up the fireplace and grabs the poker. As she walks up to the door of the room Trace is in she hears trace saying to herself, \"I can't believe he discovered the fucking tracers I left in the equipment I gave him. Shit! They're going to kill my ass when they find out they can't track him!\" Angie walks into the room and hits Trace with the fire poker as she says \"If they can beat me to it you little bitch!\" Trace falls to the floor and looks up. She starts to beg and tell Angie she had no choice. Angie tells her to save it and swings the fire poker again. The jagged edge pierces Trace's temple and she drops dead to the floor. Angie grabs her daughter and runs out the back door. Back in the city John has made it the final ten miles. He kicks open a gate and sees four big men armed with riffles. As he walks up to them they point their riffles at him before realizing just who he is. He's greeted by hearing, \"Son of a bitch!\" and \"I'll be damned!\" They make him put his hands on his head and they frisk him. They then ask what his business is being there. John explains what's going on and they take him to see the leader of the compound, \"The Dean!\" The Dean approaches John, still wielding the five barreled Gatlin Gun that he used in Slayers since he was the only one that ever had that gun. He grins when he sees John. \"Kable. Kable, Kable, Kable! I hear that you need our help. I know the situation. You got balls coming here. If I wasn't getting the itch for a challenge and to kill people again I'd tell you to kiss my ass! But, we want to take down Omega Federations. You may be here now, but I'M leading the invasion force. I know your hand killed Castle, but you weren't the one in control. Oh we know Kable. We know well that your puppeteer was in control. Since we know now with you showing your face here, that the rumors from Track are true. We're in. But once the Federation is brought down, you leave town and watch your ass. We'll be after you. I won't hesitate but to kill you in front of your kid.\" The Dean says to him. \"I couldn't give a shit either way. As long as you're willing to help me. That's the only reason I came. Magnus and his advisor are mine!\" John replies. The Dean laughs and tells him, \"If you only Kable…If you only knew.\" John asks what he means. The Dean introduces John to Track and says he'll tell you. John recognizes Track. Track is the drifter who flagged him down. Track reveals himself as Traces brother. He tells John that he delivered his message to his wife and that she is going to be safe and that he hold no ill will towards her for killing his sister. \"To answer your questions, Trace may have helped you get to Castle and the Humanz. But I found out after the Humanz and Castle were killed that she had been working for someone else the entire time. It was Magnus. Everything from you escaping, to the Humanz being found, to your wife getting out of Society, to you killing Castle wasn't a coincidence or smart people what they were doing. It was a big set up to thwart Castle. Dan Magnus planned the whole thing the day he knew he was going to be Castle's predecessor. Why do you think it was so easy for you to get to him? Trace was the snake added to the snake pit. I couldn't believe that my sister did that. She sold our younger sister to Society just to be able to use her in the plan. The twins, they are my youngest sister. Replicated to look like two. They're a program. She was in on the whole thing from the day Magnus plotted to kill Castle. Magnus needed to know who the Humanz were. Trace just wanted power. That's why she set you up. I know only one other thing that I can tell you. You know Magnus. You know him well. Ever since you were entered in Slayers nothing was EVER what it seemed. No one's been who they say they are. Your wife and daughter are the only ones. Look outside the box and you'll know what I mean. You've been played from day one.\" Track says to him and walks away. John stands in the same place and wonders what Track meant. The Dean rallies the slayers together and motivates them with a speech about how the day and the federation is going to theirs. John tells them they will meet at OMEGA Federations in one day's time and he thanks them again for their help. The Dean tells him it aint for him but they're damn glad to kill again and to kill without strings attached. John sees Track leaving the compound. He runs up and asks him why he's leaving and won't say anymore that he knows. Track turns around and tells him, \"I told you all that I can. Unfortunately they know I've spoken to you and I must lead them off your path. Best of luck Kable.\" Track covers himself with his cloak, a buzzing of nannites is heard and Track explodes, sending John flying and the slayers cursing. John sits there staring at what's left of him. Terrified. Meanwhile Magnus sits behind his desk growling with his finger still holding down a button. \"That'll teach you to speak. I knew you would unlike your sister. Traitor! Try and tell Kable who I used to be. Didn't think I could hear you through the nannites I injected into you.\" Magnus says to himself. He puts OMEGA Federations on full alert and has the Super Slayers sent to guard the premises. He calls in another guard and tells them that if the premises are breached, to kill Gorge. He sends the guard away as his phone rings. He drops the phone and slams his fist on the desk, because he just found out that Angie and her daughter escaped and that his predecessor Trace has been killed. \"Just wait Kable. Just wait!\"[Chapter 6] Angie and her daughter arrive at a building and look around. A man in a brown cloak waves them to the door he's standing at. He takes them through the door and then underground. They go into a room and he tells them anything they need, to just ask one of the others. They see him talk to another man and realize they look the same. Angie asks if they are twins. One of them turns around and begins to explain to her what's going on. \"Years ago, before the Humanz, Track worked for Ken Castle. Then had to flee when he discovered what Castle had been trying to figure out for years. That was using the nannites implanted in our brains, you can take one or two and replicate it. By doing that, you can clone the host of those nannites. Castle went after Track but to avail. We are clones of him. The real track is waiting for your husband. We all have his old nannites. He replaces his every few months. He has the help to do it. But he has been off the radar of Castle for years. Now Magnus' radar.\" Angie just looks around trying to let it all sink in. She asks what about the real Track. Meanwhile Dan Magnus walks around the room containing the super slayers. He stares at them in admiration. Knowing that they can't and won't do anything until he commands them to. He stands in awe of his creations. Tall, muscular, strong beings. Now with the use of the nannites not only as eighty percent of their brains, but also ninety-five percent of their bodies. Making them thirty times stronger then any human being. Magnus is ready to have an orgasm in his pants looking at them. Especially the one he calls, Punjabi. Then suddenly Gorge comes in to bother him. \"So when will the games launch? I'm gettin' the itch. That girl you gave me aint doin' it for me no more Dan!\" he says to him. Dan rolls his eyes and then smiles when he looks at one of the Super Slayers and gets an idea. \"Gorge my boy. Have you seen the Super Slayers?\" He asks. Gorge shakes his head and wheels closer to Dan with a look of confusion. Dan activates one of them and shows Gorge how they can be programmed in ANY language. Even one you make up. And they will follow any command. He asks gorge if he wants to see. Gorge looks around and says ok. Dan tells him it's real cool how strong they are too. He activates Punjabi. The one Magnus proclaimed the Ultimate Slayer. Punjabi is the tallest Super Slayer. Punjabi stands at approximately Seven feet, eleven inches possibly eight feet tall. He has big proportioned muscles, two bumps on the left side of his chest, long black hair, a cleft pallet and a permanent scowl on his face. The biggest and the strongest. Literally! He programs a specific language into it. He then points to Gorge and the Super Slayer looks over too. Then Dan says \"ereht tghir kcuf taf taht llik.\" Suddenly in two steps, Punjabi walks up to Gorge, who's across the room, grabs him by the throat with both of his massive hands that are the size of cast iron frying pans. He lifts Gorge out of his motorized chair, with ease, and all the way up to where he and Gorge are eye to eye with each other. Punjabi tightens his grip as Gorge kicks his fat legs in the air and against the Punjabis mid section. Dan hears a snap, crack and pop and the Punjabi throws Gorges dead body down onto the floor. The Ultimate Slayer turns around and stands back in place. Dan walks up to Gorges dead body and says, \"See what happens when you won't drop it when I ask? Consider this, your termination! You were light on your feet fat man.\" Dan chuckles and then has the janitor come dispose of Gorges body while he begins to program the Super Slayers. \"I'm ready for you Kable. Are you ready for your surprise?\" he says out loud as he chuckles. Meanwhile John is on foot from the compound. He is only five miles from Omega Federations. The night before he could only think about what Track told him and Track blowing up. It's still not making any sense to him. He knows Dan Magnus. How he wonders. He stops for about an hour to rest his feet. He looks back and doesn't see or hear the slayers. He wonders if they're really coming or not. He keeps on going. He sees a man on a moped. John runs up behind him and hits him in back of the head with the butt of his riffle. He throws the man in the dumpster next to him and drives off on the moped. He puts the moped to full blast and goes full on towards Omega Federations. He is ready for war. Killing Magnus and Gorge is all that is on his mind now. Once he gets within a mile from Omega Federations, John ditches the moped. He gets his riffle and his pistols and grenades ready. He says to himself \"I could really use Simon right now. Wish you were around you little shit!\" He steps out from behind the trailer he was hiding behind and starts to make a dash towards the building. He stops in his tracks when he gets a half mile from there. He looks forward, rubs his eyes, shakes his head and looks forward again. He is standing face to face with at least thirty Tracks. \"But, I saw you blow up! How the hell are you standing here. Much less, this many of you?\" He asks. Suddenly a white man, who stands six feet tall, black hair, and approximately one hundred and sixty-three pounds, wearing a black bullet proof vest, black fingerless gloves, black camouflage pants, tucked into black combat boots and a black trench coat walks up from behind all the Tracks wearing brown cloaks. \"I've been waiting for this moment for a long time Tillman.\" He says. \"Who are you supposed to be?\" John asks very confused. The real track explains everything to John, including the cloning and then how the clones know everything he knows. Then the fact that they have been helping him along. \"So they know everything you know and since they're dispensable, you've been sending them out to help me. The one that got blown up?...\"John asks. \"Was my very first clone. I will miss him. It wasn't an easy thing, but they think for themselves and he wanted to help you bring an end to those games once and for all. Even if it meant dying to help you and get revenge for my younger sister Ally. Who is now Magnus' bitch and last I checked was pawned off to service that pig looking fucker that is the right hand man to Magnus. He knew Magnus was able to hear him. Magnus thinks I'm dead and now I'm out of hiding. We're all ready for the war!\" He says. As John's about to say something, there is a rumble down the street. The real Track smiles and walks down the street to greet them. The entire compound of slayers comes up to him. Armed to the teeth. The Dean walks up to Track and shakes his hand. \"Nice to see you finally out of exile. Let's kill these fuckers!\" The Dean says to him. \"Of course. My brain is almost normal again. The moment is here. Just had to make sure you got the message Dean.\" He replies. \"Well, are we going to save the world and free humans everywhere. Or are you guys going to keep wasting time and fuck after your reunion?\" John interrupts. The Dean laughs and then has the slayers follow John. Track and the clones follow, being integrated within the group of slayers. Dan is looking out the window and has all but one of the Super Slayers activated. He gets onto the loudspeaker and says, \"You think the surprises were over. Get ready to meet my new characters for Battle Grounds you obsolete pieces of shit!\" He shouts as the gates open and the Super Slayers come out shooting! The Dean screams that it's time to do what they do best. Tracks clones begin firing back and charging with other weapons. The real track runs with John as they run on the sidelines of the battle. Track shoots one of the Super Slayers in the side of the head with six bullets. The Super Slayer grits his teeth and looks at him and then heads towards him. \"Oh shit! They are far more enhanced then I thought!\" Track says. He and John look at each other and then go after the Super Slayer shooting and then jump at him. The crash into him and fall down. Before he can connect with a knife, John rolls out of the way. Three clones run up and jump on the Super Slayer. He begins to fight them off. Track jumps onto him too and starts shooting him in the head repeatedly. This is only angering the Super Slayer then grabs Track, lifts him up over his head, and throws him towards the Federations building. John tries shooting the Super Slayer in the groin. The Super Slayer suddenly looks up and runs at him with three clones still hanging on him. John tosses a grenade at him and the Super Slayer gets it caught in his mouth. One of the clones slams and holds it in his mouth. It goes off. Killing the clone. With half of his face missing, the Super Slayer is still coming until John kicks the rest of his head off. John watches the dead Super Slayers body fall to the ground and he says to himself, \"Cut its head off like a troll at the hot gates!\" He then shouts, \"Decapitate them!\" Bullets continue to fly and the Super Slayers are killing former slayers and clones left and right. Either shooting them, stabbing them, or with their hands. The Dean gets shot in the shoulder and shouts out a battle cry. He pulls around his BFG from around his back and opens fire with it. He completely blows the head off of the Super Slayer that shot him as he continues to scream. Two more Super Slayers come at him. Track stops running with John and his eyes widen. He screams \"No!\" as he watches The Dean get shot multiple times by automatic rifles. John grabs Track by the arm and pulls him away. The clones start to jump on the Super Slayers and pull the pins on their grenades and hang onto their heads. Explosions go off as the two run into the Omega Federations building. Upon entering, Track starts gunning down everyone in their way. John disapproves but keeps running. John grabs someone by the collar and demands to know where Magnus is. They tell him he went to the basement with the Ultimate Slayer. John looks at him funny and Track is even baffled. John throws the guy against the wall and they head to an elevator. They go down to the basement in the elevator. The door opens and John becomes angry when he sees that someone beat him to killing Gorge. They both see Gorges body is strung up on chains with his motorized chair. Suddenly John and Track are grabbed by two big hands. John is thrown across the room and against a roll up door. Track is thrown on the ground. When he stands up, he turns towards the Ultimate Slayer and his hand comes down, turned sideways and the side of his hand, that connects to the pinky, slams down on top of Tracks heads. Knocking him, hard, fast and backwards to the ground and unconscious. Magnus is heard shouting, \"BRAIN CHOP! OUCH!\" As John starts to come to and stand up, he hears a voice say \"hguone!\" The Ultimate Slayer stands still and faces towards John. The same voice starts to talk to John. \"Pleasant seeing your friends die out there Kable?\" He asks. \"Now you've seen another one die right in front of you. Just like the good ol' day's right?\" John comes to and stops to listen closely. His eyes widen as he hears the voice. He starts to think back and he remembers it. But it can't be! He thinks to himself. It can't be. Dan Magnus steps out from behind Super Slayers legs and smiles. \"Hello Kable.\" John is now in disbeliefe![Chapter 7] \"I don't believe it!\" John says. His vision comes back in full and he can now see strait. John has seen Magnus for the very first time. The only person other than those in Federations and Gorge to ever see him. John drops his riffle and drops to his knees. He stares at Magnus for a moment before he can say anything. \"How? This can't be! After everything…How can you be the protégé of Ken Castle? How could you this? What about me and everyone else? How can this be Simon?\" John blurts out. Magnus chuckles a little bit as he approaches John and says to him, \"Oh yes Kable. My previous identity. How can I forget? How can I do such a thing indeed? You see, when I first heard of Ken Castle, I was contacted by a girl named Amy Trace. She had just been fired by Castle when she didn't agree with Society. Then her stupid brother discovered cloning and disappeared. She wanted to thwart Castle. So she met the Humanz and used some connections to get to Castle. She had a fake gut meet with him and select a random soldier to use the mind control nannites. The she pulled strings at the prison she worked at to have them work with Castle Corp. to house the Slayers and cover up the controlled killing of a prisoner. I would then control the soldier as a Slayer. I hacked the Slayers game and memorized all thirty battlefields and even downloaded the schematics.\" He rambles. \"But the feds, the investigation, your room?\" John says \"All part of the plan to throw you off. You see, me and Trace knew that we could manipulate the system and make sure you made it. Castle would be enraged to know you might make it. Just the way to fuck with him and throw him off. The feds arrested me, but those were the rookies. The feds had already promised me and Trace immunity and promised me Castle Corp. if I went along with using you to kill Castle. That way it was a Slayer and everyone's hands are clean. You see, the feds hated Castle more then you. Through emails between me and Castle with a name I got off of a T.V. show, I convinced him to get leverage by adopting your daughter. You threw some curve balls but ended up where we needed you.\" He explains. \"I don't understand.\" John says. \"Pretty much padre, you were just the guy randomly selected to help us. But you murdered the love of my life, Slayers. My fault though I guess. But you made it past the sixteen pissed off death row inmates. My Super Slayers and my Ultimate Slayer. You see, the fact you got to Castle was a part of the plan. After we killed Castle, as promised, the Gaming Commission gave me what I wanted. I emancipated myself and legally changed my name to my alias. Dan Magnus. The programs I had I didn't need any more. Except my favorite one that I programmed what they would say. The twins. So Trace and I got what we wanted and we thought everything was fine. Until we heard about the Slayer compound. Then I found out about Gorges fat ass. Then trace brought up the fact that you would protest Battle Grounds. We knew Track would help you to kill me. So we set you up to come on this mission. We knew you couldn't resist when I hired Gorge. Everything from the word \"Go\" was a set up. The gifts, the holonotes were all pre arranged. My genius was the clone I kidnapped and reprogrammed from your friend over there. Then I blew him up when he talked too much. Just as planned. You lead us to the Slayer Compound. Just as I hoped you would. They came here. Making my job easier. Losing my true love, Trace, was not in the plan. When I kill you, your wife is next! I love you big guy. But that's why I'm the one who's going to kill you. I got to finish it. Nothin' personal. Now take your pistol and we will go ten pace and fire!\" Simon rambles again. \"I can't believe you Simon. You fucked up my life for nothing. I won't dual with you. I won't! Not after everything. I can't!.\" John says. \"Yes you will! Trace told me this could be ours. Have to be rid of the past first. Why do you think I had Punjabi kill Gorge! My last gift to you! And start Dailey life with no veterans. To make it work with all new people. Now lift up that gun and fire it Kable!\" Simon shouts. John sits on his knees. Refusing to get his pistol off his hip. Simon yells for him to do it. John still refuses. Simon threatens the Ultimate Slayer. John looks down and prays. \"Llik mih!\" Simon shouts. Punjabi comes towards him. John grabs his riffle and begins shooting him. Bullets penetrate the Ultimate Slayer but he keeps coming. John begins to run around the basement shooting and hiding. Punjabi grabs whatever it is and throws it or smashes it. Johns keeps running and shooting. Simon shouts from across the basement, \"Just dual me Kable!\" John ducks behind a forklift and keeps shooting. Bullets hit Punjabi in the head repeatedly. He's not even fazed. Punjabi grabs the forklift with both hands and shoves it backwards with ease. The forklift rolls backwards and into a wall. A bullet strike Punjabi in the eye. He screams a bit and becomes really pissed off. He gets a hand around John's neck and lefts him face to face. Simon shouts, \"ti leef mih ekam!\" Punjabi squeezes a bit tighter. John struggles and unloads what rounds are left in his riffle into Punjabis chest. Suddenly there's a loud thud and Punjabi screams loud as he drops John. John looks up to see the lifts of the forklift sticking through Punjabis knees. Track is hopping off the forklift and shooting at Punjabi. Simon is heard screaming and running towards them while Punjabi still swings his fists at them and tries to break free of the forklift. John reaches for a grenade and realizes he is out. Track sees Simon pull out a Beretta. He tosses his last grenade to John and dives off Punjabis shoulder and onto Simon. John runs and jumps at The Ultimate Slayer right before his humungous fist connects to him. John stick his knife into his chest, lifts up to his gigantic shoulder, pulls the knife out and sticks it in his massive neck. As the monster shouts at John, he pulls the pin and sticks the grenade into his big mouth then dives off. John rolls backwards when he hits the floor. Right as Simon gets the Beretta the grenade goes off and knocks Simon to the floor and Track face first into a crate. Before blacking out Track sees a figure walk into the room and run up to him. Simon and John both get up and then start shooting at each other. Simon insists they do it the old fashioned way. John stays silent. Simon makes mention he's not like Castle and hasn't replaced any of his brain with nannites. \"I can't do it Simon! I can't kill you!\" John shouts. \"Then I'll kill you and then kill your wife and hold your daughter captive 'til she's eighteen and marry her.\" Simon shouts. John suddenly sees red and stands up with his pistol drawn. He tells Simon to get it over with. Simon stands up with his pistol ready. They stand back to back and begin walking ten paces. On the second pace, Simon turns around and shoots John in the back of the leg. He walks up to him as he sits up on the ground. \"Kable, you're so trusting. I just told you I am going to kill you and you trusted a fair duel. I will miss you.\" He says while he points his pistol at the back of Johns head. John lifts his head up, pulling a pistol from his waist and waiting for Simon to try and shoot him. Track begins to come to. He opens his eyes and looks forward and lets out a gasp. John takes a deep breath. Simon caulks the gun and says, \"Good bye Kable.\" There's a shot that echoes throughout the basement. Track gets up and hobbles towards John. John sits up looks over to see Simon's body collapse next to him and Simon's blood and brains lying in front of him. He turns around, applying pressure to his leg and see's a short, petite blond standing behind him. Track hobbles up and drops his gun when he sees her. \"Tara!\" he shouts. Tara spits on Simons body and then hugs her brother. John realizes it's the girl from the twins program. \"Let's get you out of here John.\" She says. She and Track carry John out and tend to his leg. He blacks out. When he wakes up he's with Angie and his daughter and Tara. \"How long have I been out?\" He asks. \"Three days. They got the bullet out of your leg and are healing the wound.\" Angie tells him and his daughter hugs him. \"Plus, the nannites in your brain are no more. I managed to safely remove half the rest have been integrated with my program that replicates your brain cells and they've depleted what's left of the small percentage of nannites that was left. I've done it for your wife and my sister.\" Track tells him. John is in disbelief. He asks about OMEGA Federations. Track tells hands him a button and tells him to do the honor. John asks about Simon's body. Angie tells him it blew up in the blast. John says \"good.\" John pushes the button and watches and on the monitors, everyone there in the base watches OMEGA Federations implode and crumble to the ground. \"It's over John. We're free forever now. Done for good.\" She tells him. \"The technology is gone. The games are fucking done!\" Track says. \"Time to really live my life now.\" Tara agrees. \"For all of us.\" John says. THE END Thank you for following and reading. Please R&R; and tell me what you think of the story and how I could improve it for future readers. ","Summary":" A/N: I do not own the rights to Gamer. The only character I own is Dan Magnus and I own the name Om"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"back to the world","Author":"theangleinthemask","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9134204","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They heard a faint sound of a helicopter flight and started to toward the beach, out from under the canopy of the trees. \"Hey! Hey! Hey!\" They both began yelling at the top of their lungs, waving their arms wildly on the beach. \"Where is it?\" Emma asked, referring to the flare gun. \"Here it is, load and shoot, Em,\" Dean said, handing it to her, \"Pull the trigger, Prom Queen.\" Emma pol the trigger but the flare gun didn't work. Emma was shocked and starts crying, they was stack on that island. Dean hugged her and joined to the grief. Years past and they didn't see another helicopter. They made the island to their home; Emma get precedent and birth twins, Rose and Jon.[Chapter 2] I don't own 'Blue lagoon the awaking' The 4 years old girl holds a spear and looked for fish to eat' but something catch her attention. \"Mama! Mama! I see something in the sky!\" Rose shouts and Emma rushed to her and sees that her daughter told the truth, this was a helicopter, \"Dean! Jon! Came here and bring the flag!\" Dean and Jon came out the woods holding a giant flag, Dean looked up and smiled' he raised the flag trying to catch the pilot attention. At the end he managed and the helicopter came closer to the small family. The pilot landed on the bitch and get out from the cockpit, he look at the small family that was dressed with animal skins. There was a woman and man that looked young and strong, and two children that was clearly theirs. \"Who are you?\" The young man smiled \"I'm Dean McMullen, this is my wife Emma Robinson, and this is our children Rose and Jon\" The pilot was surprised, he remembered that's names. \"You are the missing high school students?\" Emma smiled \"Yes we are\" \"You want that I will take you back to the airport?\" \"Yes. Thank you. Just let us take our things\" the couple said together. The pilot still in some shook looked them going to the woods, and goes out with bags that maid from animal's parts. The family and the pilot get in to the helicopter and left the island. What do you think? pleas review! Now, I should describe the flight or not? Pleas tell me what do you prefer.[Chapter 3] I am sorry. Gods I am so sorry. I promised to myself I would never do this. That I will never publish a post with no chapter. But here I am, braking another bloody promise. But I am doing it to announce that I am leaving this profile. But I will not delete it. I have changed in this two years that passed, I am not the person I have been before. This profile is who I have been, and that stories have been written by someone else, and I am so sorry but I can't continue this stories now. So I am leaving, starting new, blank page, a new profile, new name, and new identity. Maybe, one day, I might come back. Yes, I might come back. Until then, there must be no regrets, no tears, no longing, and no anxieties. Goodbye, my friends. Goodbye, my dear ones. I will not forget you. Not in a million years. Thank you. Goodbye, and farewell, Until next time, theangleinthemask ","Summary":" They heard a faint sound of a helicopter flight and started to toward the beach, out from under the"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"Drifting Back","Author":"freya-sundust","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8492007","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Home. With the strength of the summer sun came the strength of all emotions: love, passion, and even fury, most particularly between a certain boy and girl, or perhaps at that time, man and woman. There was no use in kidding that Dean and Emma were children any longer. Time had changed them. Time, and the island. Dean usually waited in the same spot, hands in his pockets, watching the school doors flap open and slam closed again as mobs of eager teenagers gushed from their contents. It never took him long to spot Emma in the crowd, her curls flapping against her back and a book indefinitely tucked under her arm. So on that humid day, when summer has just begun to creep its way into everyone's lives, Dean could not help the smile that crept onto his face when he saw her bouncing down the steps. It might look odd to anyone who happened to walk by, seeing him there, watching her, considering that he should be in class as well. But he had opted to take a study period the last hour of the day rather than the advanced chemistry class Emma had chosen and so easily completed daily. Leaving school early certainly had its perks, but watching her walk toward him everyday was most definitely the best of them. He rolled down his window as she neared, raising one eyebrow and forming a crooked smile. \"Can I help you?\" he asked as she rested her chin on her folded arms that laid on the edge of the window. \"Give me a ride?\" She asked sly, and Dean rolled his eyes, sighing dramatically. \"I guess just this once,\" He said as he laughed, but Emma was already jumping into the empty passenger seat. She threw her bag into the back, and didn't hesitate to reach across the seat for his collar and pull him in for a kiss. They're lips joined effortlessly, creating a warmth that only young love could kindle. It was short but passionate, and certainly left Dean aching for more when she drew away. He groaned and threw is head back, but she just smiled and shook her head. \"Later,\" she promised, and handed him the keys from the dashboard. \"And how was your day?\" she asked as he pulled away, shifting the gears of the clunky truck. \"Mundane,\" he nodded, and she smiled slightly. There was a pause in their conversation as they both thought for a moment. \"You?\" asked Dean finally, and she sighed. \"Kylie broke up with Josh,\" she said dryly. \"Again.\" \"I'm sure you heard about that to no limit,\" Dean said, turning quickly down an empty road toward his house. \"Endlessly,\" she verified. She didn't like to get tangled up in other's affairs, especially those which were so trivial. Maybe it was being away from it for so long that changed her, but listening to her friends whine about boys and teachers and parents just didn't occupy her like it used to. She felt more mature now, almost like she had realized what was really important to her. Dean braked into a slow stop as he reached his house, the long, green yard stretched out next to the truck like a football field, or it could be with as well as it was kept. He didn't understand why his father went to such extents to keep the yard so tidy. What did it matter if the grass grew a little shabby, or faded into that brown color that most yards maintained during those dryer days? Was it his mother's passion for the garden that made his father work to keep the yard in top condition? Or, more precisely, the workers that his father hired. He sighed. \"Are you okay?\" Emma asked, and he nodded. He flashed her a strained smile, hoping that she might buy it, but she saw through him. \"Dean,\" she said, a concerned tone in her voice. She rested her hand around the curve of his chin, her fingers wrapping up the side if his cheek. \"It's nothing, really.\" He promised, placing his hand over hers. She watched him for a moment, and then looked away. \"I should call my mom,\" she said, reaching into her bag for her phone. \"Or at least text her. Just so she knows where I am.\" She added. \"Em, as if she doesn't know your with me.\"He said with a chuckle, but the worried expression didn't leave her face. \"Still,\" She said , looking down at her phone, \"It'll just be a sec,\" She started to dial her mom's number into the phone, but was already distracted by the third number as Dean leaned over and pressed his lips against her neck. A shiver ran down her back and through her legs; his breath was this strange and pleasurable sensation. She tried to pull away, but his hand on her thigh made her head foggy and the phone slipped from her fingers. She gave in, running her fingers through his dark, shaggy hair and meeting his lips half way. \"This is your fault,\" she whispered, and he laughed. He pulled her seatbelt free and curled his arms underneath her thighs, pulling her on to his lap in a quick motion. She laughed in delight, watching how his arms could manipulate her so easily. And she loved it. They eventually made their way out of the truck, Dean patting his matted hair down into something presentable. His father could be inside, he knew, and he would put the pieces together fairly easily. He squeezed Emma's hand, and lead her up the driveway to the side door. He sloppily reached for the lock, tugging the keys from his pocket. He jammed the key against the lock several times, but it wouldn't seem to do its job. He heard Emma laugh, and she gently eased the key from his hand. She waited for the distinctive click as she turned the knob around twice, and then pushed the heavy door open. She handed the key back, her eyebrows raised. \"Shut it,\" he said, and she smiled smugly. He went in first, and she followed, tugging her bag through the door. She had packed it with books during school hoping to get some studying in, but something told her they wouldn't even touch them that evening. \"Dad!\" Dean called, poking his head around the hallway corner. \"I'm home!\" They both waited for a response, and when none came, he called again. Silence. \"Perfect,\" Dean whispered, tucking a stray hair behind Emma's ear. She could feel her pulse raising, and took in several deep breaths. She could only make out a few simple features on Dean's face in the dark hallway; his curved jaw, the outline of his eyes, and of course, his lips. She reached for them, pressing her own against his, and smiled. \"God, I missed you,\" Dean mumbled, and Emma laughed. \"I saw you right before my last class. It was only an hour.\" she said, but he shook his head. \"Being stuck on an island with someone makes for hard habits to break,\" he whispered, and she felt her heart drop. Maybe it was the mention of the island, or just the way he said it, but it left her with a strange feeling and a pounding in her head. She hated to bring it up again, but the words spilled over before she could stop them. \"Do you ever...miss it?\" She asked. Of course, they'd discussed this a thousand times, over late night calls or whispers through the window. Sometimes Emma would have this moment, where the reality of it all would just crash, and Dean was the only one who could calm her. He'd whisper things to her, about everything being okay, and her pulse would eventually slow as well as her racing thoughts. But nothing could ever calm the raging memories that tore at her subconscious. She pressed her back again the wall and slid down to the floor, sitting facing the opposite wall. Dean mimicked this, sliding next to her. \"All the time,\" He said, reaching for her hand. She didn't resist, letting his him massage the circulation back into her cold fingers. \"Well, parts of it.\" he added. \"Which parts?\" Emma asked, looking up at him. He stared at her, her brilliant blue eyes and the curve of her nose. And he thought. \"How carefree we were, I think.\" He said finally, nodding his head almost as if to be sure of himself. \"Remember? Remember how we used to swim for hours and just sit in the sand?\" he asked, \"And we fought. We fought all the time,\" he added with a bark of laughter, \"But it was okay. Because, we were together. And it worked. I guess.\" His words were left to echo through Emma's mind as they sat there, the silence almost deafening. \"And, you know, the sex was great,\" He added with a goofy grin, and she smiled, resting her head against his arm . \"We'll be okay, you know?\" he asked her, the tone of his voice shifting to a more serious level. He lifted her chin up to meet her eyes with his. \"We'll be okay.\" And it didn't really matter if the words were true, because they were okay then, and that was all that really mattered.[Chapter 2] Island. It was the sun that woke her up that day, although it could have been a number of things of the sort. The crashing of a particularly rough wave, or the wind that licked against their cheeks, or even the gritty sand beneath their legs. But it was not any of those alternatives. It was the sun, perhaps Emma's favorite manner to be awoken, as long as Dean was lying there to enjoy it with her. Eleven months. That's how long it'd been. Eleven long months since they had drifted out to that island. And as Emma scratched a large star on the wide, flat rock to represent another month, she silently wondered how many more she might have to draw. She walked back to the make-shift camp Dean still soundly slept on, his arms sprawled across the palm leaf mat. He'd always been a late sleeper, despite Emma's early morning habits. She was often left waiting for him in the mornings, although she didn't really mind. It was nice to watch him sleep, his face smooth and his back gently rising and falling. But even so, she much preferred his company over the silence. So she laid down next to him, tucking her feet against her knees and tracing the pattern of scattered freckles on his back with her eyes. She became so comfortable in this that she let out a small surprised gasp when his leg twitched and he turned over to face her. She held her breath for a moment, but let out a sigh when he lackadaisically moaned and his eyes fluttered open. He immediately turned to his side, searching for Emma. Of course, she was there, her curved, tanned back facing him. He smiled when he saw this, her curls twisting down her shoulder and onto the leaf mat they slept upon. He slid a tuft of hair between his fingers, wrapping it around his thumb and then letting it spring free. Emma felt the curl gentle thump against her back, and she turned her head to face him. \"You're up,\" he said surprised, and she shot him a crooked smile. \"Of course.\" She said, turning her entire body to face him. His eyes traced her bare frame, and chills ran down his neck as he did so. He silently wondered where he'd thrown her shirt last night; somewhere near the camp, he hoped. She couldn't spare to lose her only shirt, although, he thought, going without wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. \"I'm starving!\" He proclaimed, and sat up on the mat with a loud yawn. Emma nodded in agreement, and slowly pulled herself up from the mat and scanned the surrounding beach for her shirt. Their clothes had held up surprisingly well, requiring only a few repairs over the months. Of course, they spent lots of time in the water or sleeping anyway, times that didn't really require clothing. Emma silently thought this as she picked up her shorts, and scanned her arms, impressed with the tan she had acquired. \"Here,\" Dean called, and she looked over to see her blue shirt in his hand. He tossed it to her, and she slid it on quickly, her fingers flying over the buttons. Breakfast, Emma thought, and quickly debated their options. They'd started a small garden a few months ago, containing some herbs along with a few juicy tropical fruits that had responded successfully to their planting. Dean had also set up a netting system in several places along the shoreline that brought in fresh fish with every rising of the tide. These were successful systems, gardening and fishing, that kept them full. Emma decided to head to the garden, and Dean followed behind her. It was odd, now, how few words they exchanged. Of course they talked, about all sorts of things. But the simpler things, yes' and no's, where's and how's; they weren't needed. They just knew. Dean could see Emma's eyes asking to lift the trap from the net, and Emma knew when Dean wanted her to pat the dirt over a planted seed in the garden. They learned each other's body language. They learned each other. Emma leaned down into the outer soil of the garden, pulling away a few stray weeds. Dean walked up behind her as she pulled a small green fruit they'd taken to calling 'stars' from its stem, and handed it to him. \"May,\" Dean said quietly. \"Hm?\" Emma asked as she tugged another plump star from its holds. \"It'd be May.\" He clarified. \"It still is May. I mean, that doesn't change just because we're here.\" Emma said, and turned to face him. \"It doesn't feel like May.\" He shook his head, and then accepted another piece of fruit from her. They walked back to the beach in silence as Emma thought what Dean had said over. It made sense, she realized. Of course it was still May here, but something didn't feel the same. She wasn't filled with that pre-summer zeal, she hadn't thought to look for new sandals at the mall, and she certainly wasn't reviewing her plan for after graduation. It was so different now. It almost hurt to think about it. She carefully set the fruit on the mat and Dean mimicked this. He mumbled something about checking the nets, and she nodded. He swaggered off, the morning sun hitting his back. She silently cut one of the stars up, using the knife Dean had created from a piece of bamboo. The juice dripped over her fingers and into her legs, leaving a sweet scent behind. It reminded her perfume, or the closest she would come to it here. It was gleeful, that thought, that moment, and when Dean hung a line of fish from the tree across from her, she was smiling. \"I love you, you know.\" She said, and he turned from his work and flashed her a real, genuine smile. \"I know.\" He said, and knew, that would always be the same.[Chapter 3] Home. \"Red, or blue?\" Emma asked, holding two identical dresses in front of the mirror, examining them both. She turned to face Dean, who was slouched in the fitting room chair with a tired expression on his face. \"Aren't they just going to be underneath the robe?\" Dean asked, holding his hands in the air looking for the answer. It seemed pointless to debate the two dresses when no one would see them on Graduation Day anyway. \"Dean, please?\" She groaned, and held the dresses higher to force his decision. His eyes shifted from each hand-red, blue, red, blue- and shook his head in frustration. \"Uhh...\" he hummed, crinkling his forehead as he thought. \"Red.\" He said finally, satisfied with his answer. \"Great.\" Emma said, and smiled. \"Blue it is.\" She set the red dress on the rack and skipped out of the dressing room, leaving Dean sitting in amazement. He groaned as he hopped out of the chair, but still smiled as he trailed after her. \"You're crazy. You know that, right?\" he asked, shaking his head with a big grin. They stood at the register, Emma carefully unzipping her purse and pulling out her wallet, Dean's large frame towering over her as he leaned against the counter. The cashier slid the dress into a bag. \"Here you go,\" The cashier said, handing the bag across the counter and snapping her gum. Emma handed it off to Dean while she finished paying. The cashier watched them carefully, the way his eyes were always on her, the way she almost-blushed when their hands touched at the handing-over of the bags. She smiled a little. \"Have a nice day.\" She said happily, and Emma wished the same to her. She pressed the clasps of her wallet closed again, and then looked up to Dean with a sigh. \"Done,\" she said enthusiastically, and he just laughed. \"What?\" she asked playfully, quickening her steps to match his as he reached the sliding doors that led to the parking lot. \"Nothing,\" He said, and she nudged him with a giggle. \"Liar,\" She shook her head, her eyes searching for Dean's truck. She found it, and swerved to head the right direction. She carefully set the dress along the back seat as they reached it, and then hopped into the front seat next to Dean. As he started the ignition and began to pull from the parking space, Emma clicked through her phone for any messages. There was only one, from her sister. We're going out to dinner. Mom said get something while you're out. \"Are you hungry?\" She asked Dean, not glancing up from the phone as she typed a quick response. \"Yeah, starving actually.\" He said, and she slid the phone back into the bag. The words felt odd coming off his tongue, though, considering he'd been a lot hungrier than this before. But he just shook his head. \"Where do you want to eat?\" Emma asked, running the list of restaurants around through her head. \"Chinese?\" He suggested, gripping the steering wheel and easing into a stop at the red light. Emma shook her head. \"No, I had that last weekend.\" She sighed, watching cars zoom by. \"Hm.\" He hummed. Trivial decisions like these sometimes frustrated him. It seemed like Emma had more easily slipped back into normality than he had. Or if she hadn't, she was very good at pretending. He knew she still had a hard time with some things, but she so easily became the same busy, chipper student she was before she left. She was different, yes, but she was the same in many ways, too. Maybe that's why he loved her so much. They settled on McDonald's, walking hand in hand into the busy restaurant, filled with whining toddlers and greasy trays. Emma did not particularly enjoy the food here, but there it was more of a ritual than anything. McDonald's was, in her eyes, the essence of a regular, American life. And that's what she wanted. \"I probably shouldn't be eating this.\" She sighed as Dean balanced the tray of food in one hand and the drinks in another, an act he was quite proud of. He slid them onto the table with a chuckle. \"That's the fun part.\" He insisted, and he tapped his straw against the table until it shed its wrapping. \"I think you and I have different perceptions of fun.\" She said, plucking a fry from the bag. He parted his lips to respond, but the buzzing of his phone in his pocket interrupted him. \"Hold on,\" He said, holding up a finger and pulling the phone to the table. Dad, it read. \"Hello?\" He answered quietly, barely audible to Emma over the buzz within the restaurant. \"Where are you?\" His father asked, but his mind was obviously somewhere else. Dean sighed. \"Out.\" He shrugged, and Emma watched him as he did so. She knew the relationship he shared with his father. It had improved upon his arriving home, but only slightly. There was still a distance between them that might never be filled. She wondered if her presence in Dean's life only widened this gap. \"When will you be home?\" He asked knowingly, all too parent-like for Dean. \"Seven?\" He responded, looking to Emma for confirmation. She idled to a moment, and then nodded. It was only five now; she wasn't sure what would hold them up for another two hours. But she didn't argue it. She certainly didn't mind spending time with Dean. \"And you've finished all your shopping for graduation?\" He asked, and Dean nodded until he remembered that this action was not visible through the phone. \"Yeah,\" He nodded. \"Good.\" His father said, and the line went dead before Dean could do it himself. Dean shook his head with a sigh as he slid the phone back into his pocket, and began to unwrap his burger. Emma watched him worriedly. \"You're all right?\" She asked, and he sent her a half-smile. \"Yeah, yeah. Fine.\" He said, but he could see the doubt in her eyes. \"Promise.\" He smiled, exaggerating the word to coerce a smile from her. It worked. They finished the dinner in mostly silence, with the occasional head nod or smile. A look could speak a thousand words. \"Oh,\" Emma remembered at she shook the garbage from the tray into the bin, \"My mom wants to know if you're coming for lunch before graduation.\" \"Is that what you want me to do?\" He asked, taking one last sip from his drink before discarding it. \"If you're up for it.\" She smiled, and he took her hand into his as they pushed through the door into the parking lot. \"I don't know. I do have a busy schedule to keep. I'll try to fit you in.\" He addressed, and Emma let out a laugh Dean knew would be the death of him. He almost hated to part hands as they reached the car. \"Wonderful.\" She mocked. She jabbed the button of the radio as she clicked her seatbelt on, searching thought the stations for songs that all sounded the same. She settled on a CD that was already sitting in the player, one she'd heard countless times before. It was one of Dean's favorite bands, and she'd actually grown to enjoy it over time. It was just another thing they shared. \"I love this song.\" Dean chimed, and blasted the volume as they zoomed from the McDonald's parking lot. \"We'll both go deaf!\" Emma shouted, but Dean didn't hear, or decided to ignore it. He tapped his thumbs against the steering wheel, occasionally nodding his head. Emma leaned her head on the window and tucked her legs against the seat, watching the life outside blur into one mass. Busy strip malls soon melted into suburbs as they turned down the road toward Dean's house. Emma glanced at her watch, 5:32. Two hours before Dean was expected home, but they still headed there anyway. Certainly Dean would not be going home early on purpose. \"What're we doing?\" Emma asked as they began down Dean's drive. The song that Dean so enjoyed hummed to an end, and he smiled. \"It's a secret. Shhh!\" He held one finger to his mouth, and Emma rolled her eyes. He let out a phlegmy cough, and Emma's eyes narrowed in worry. \"Are you all right?\" She asked, and he nodded. \"I'm fine.\" He insisted, turning into the garage. She nodded, but wasn't sure. She'd hate to see him get sick now, just days before graduation. \"So,\" He began, pulling the keys from the ignition and sitting back to the silence of the dark garage. \"Graduation is on Sunday. That's four days.\" \"Mmmhm...\" Emma nodded. She'd been carefully counting down the minutes, but let him continue on. \"And I know that you've got everything planned out already. But there's something I want to show you before Sunday.\" He nodded, and Emma's heart picked up. There was something oddly excited about the way he spoke. He smiled, and then leaned popped open the cupboard on the passenger side. It sprung open, filled with food wrappers and manuals and insurance papers. He shuffled through them quickly, his arm pressed across Emma. She watched him carefully, eager to understand what all this was. It wasn't like him to be so secretive. \"Dean...\" She began hesitantly, watching as he tugged an envelope from the console. He pushed it shut again and then wagged the envelope in the air proudly. \"Just wait.\" He instructed, and she sealed her lips in defeat. She had never particularly enjoyed surprises. She liked to know what was happening before it happened. \"Okay,\" He said as he tore the letter open, bits of paper falling on his legs. \"So my uncle Buzz-I've never told you about him-lives in Florida.\" He said plainly, sliding the contents of the envelope into his hand. \"On the beach, to be specific.\" He clarified knowingly, and Emma kind of laughed at his odd enthusiasm. \"Buzz and I, we get along better than most of my relatives. He's my mom's brother.\" She watched as his eyes crinkled slightly at the mention of his mom, but he composed himself. This was Emma's moment, Dean reminded himself. \"A few weeks ago, right after your birthday, I wrote to Buzz. I would have called, but Buzz is a big believer in the written message. We used to write a lot, before my mom, but after...I don't know. But anyway, I've talked to him a bit about the trip we took last fall, everything after. We seem to agree on the fact that you and I could use a break.\" \"A break?\" Emma questioned, her eyebrows raised. Dean smiled deviously, and handed her the papers in his hand. \"Are these...\" \"Plane tickets? Yes.\" Dean cut her off, beaming happily. Her mouth fell open as her eyes scanned over the tickets in the dim light. \"My dad, he already talked to your parents.\" He said, and finally, she broke into a wide smile as she realized what this meant. \"We're going...to Florida?\" She half-shouted, biting her lip to contain her excitement. He nodded. \"On Monday.\" He smiled, and then, she couldn't contain her excitement. She threw her arms around Dean and practically hopped into his lap. He was taken by surprise, and clutched the seat as she leaned into him happily. Her wavy hair fell into his neck, sending a shiver down his spine. She kissed him happily. \"So we're really going?\" She sighed as she slid back into her seat, her stomach buzzing with excitement. \"Better work on that tan, Prom Queen. You'll be the whitest on the beach.\" He mused, and she thumped him playfully on the arm with a chuckle. She could not believe it. Dean had arranged for them to go to Florida without her knowing? It was a complete surprise, probably his goal. The last time she'd had genuine time with Dean was, well, on the island. The beach would be nice, especially after the hectic haze leading up to Graduation. She could scream from the excitement built inside her. \"His house, it's right on the beach. There's not another for miles. It's beautiful.\" He nodded, in the daze she saw him settle into whenever he talked about something he really loved. And of course he loved his uncle-he was the one happy reminder of his mother's life instead of her death. \"I love you.\" She smiled, and he squeezed her hand happily. He had been nervous to share this with her, afraid she might not be willing to go. They'd been home for months, but he wasn't sure if she was prepared to leave her family again. This time he'd bring her home, though. And so he backed out of the garage, back down the lane and began the descent to Emma's house. He'd chosen the garage as a ceremonial ground for this reveal, although he wasn't sure why. It felt like this place that was his, but apart from his father. And it wasn't perfect or furnished, but it still deserved purpose, he believed. Everything did. And so he watched as she hurried down the walk to her door, and then smiled back at him one last time before being consumed by the home. He'd miss her, he knew. He always did. ","Summary":" Home. With the strength of the summer sun came the strength of all emotions: love, passion, and eve"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"Isolated","Author":"annahey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9546717","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blue Lagoon: The Awakening AU. The same story as the movie; except they don't get back together at prom. Starts the first day of them both coming back to school. Emma is pregnant. If you want to see what the characters look like, or anything else about this story, go to deanandemma on tumblr Chapter 1 Dean's POV Coming back to school in the middle of the semester, especially after being lost in an island, was unnerving. It was strange, being stared at so much, after being ignored for so long in my high school career. After the void of human voices in the island, the sound was refreshing. The hallway was filled with curious eyes, and even listening to my ipod didn't stop people I'd never spoken to coming up to me, asking me anything about the island and what happened there. The first day had been the worst - people saying how much they missed me and how hard it must have been for me. Everywhere I turned people whispered to their friends that I was the kid who got lost on the island with Emma Robinson, the most popular girl in school. They didn't care about me, they just wanted to know the juicy gossip before it got old. It was getting really irritating, but the people trying to talk to me had been decreasing dramatically when I ignore them or say something rude. I was already thinking about skipping school later as I headed to History, and driving down to the beach. I just needed to get out of here, to leave the stares, and weirdly, glares. Stephen and his friends kept glaring at me, maybe they thought I was the reason I got Emma stuck on that island. As if I wanted it to happen. It didn't help much that people were starting to think worse of me now than before considering I refused to answer their way too personal questions. At least it wasn't as bad as last week, the week Emma and I first came back to school. I shoved my school books into my backpack, zipped it up and closed my locker shut. I pulled my hoodie up over my head and turned away from my locker, walking down the hall. The hall was packed, yet somehow people made space for me to walk without touching people. I kept my eyes steady and my face emotionless. Some people purposely moved into my path to shove me. Clearly people had now heard that I wouldn't give them any information, so they were leaving me be. Or trying to get on my nerves, to see if I'd react. Instead I kept my walk steady and carried on into room 204, where History was being held. It was a normal-sized classroom, and I wasn't late, for a change, so I could choose a seat. I headed towards the back, finding comfort in almost disappearing from the wide gazes of the other students. It was almost like before I had left. That's what my life was like now - sorted into events before and after the island. I wished one day I could remove the stigma that clouded me, as \"the island boy\". I dumped my books on the desk and pushed my bag under it. A song had just started on my ipod and I drummed my pencil against my books to the beat and put my feet up on the desk. Other kids filed in, messing with their phones or talking about something that will be forgotten in a week. According to the school therapist I'm supposed to feel differently towards others, I'm supposed to run towards people, to relish a sense of community after being isolated for so long. If I'm honest, sometimes I just want to go back to the island, where everything was good and simple. I'm pulled out of my thoughts by the teacher writing the title for today's lesson on the board. The classroom was almost filled now, guys and girls I never knew the name of before the island and still don't know sitting in chair all around me. I take my feet off the table before I get reprimanded and bring more attention to myself. The teacher, Mr Walder, was a usually timid old man a few years away from retiring, and I was glad I wasn't in his position - trying to control 20 loud teenagers. Mr Walder had just started the class, but was already taking in assignments that he had tasked the class on the first week of the semester, when I was at home adjusting to life home from the island. He had been off for a family emergency last week, so this was his first class teaching me. He was coming up my row now, and reached over toward my deak for my assignment before stopping himself. \"Oh. I'm sorry\" Mr Walder said, and drew his hand back. \"You weren't here in September, were you...?\" \"Dean.\" I finished for him. The whole class was looking at us now, some people staring, others looking startled, like they hadn't realized I was there before. I was used to people scrutinizing me whenever any attention came upon me, so I just did what I always do; ignore them and act natural. \"Ah yes. I'm Mr Walder, and I will need you to speak to me after class about the work you've missed while you were...\" he struggled to find the right choice of words \"...away\". \"Aye aye, captain.\" I saluted him, and I could see a flicker of anger in his eyes as he turned back to the rest of the class. Eyes rolling, I turned my head away, and looked out the window. This classroom had a view of the front of the school, showing the green grass covering the area before the school front doors. There were two big trees on opposite sides of the path which lead up to the school entrance, each offering shade from the sun, although people were avoiding the shade now that winter is coming. The quad was empty right now, and I lost myself in my thoughts, and random ideas. Emma's face popped into my head, but I forced it to the back of my mind. I had tried to speak to her when we first got back, but she just kept shooting me down. I get it, now we're back home we aren't together. I was only a comfort while we were on the island, I understand. I feel the same. Now we're off the island we would have to label our relationship and be scrutinized by the whole world. The only reason we were together in the first place is that we were the only people there, on the island. We never spoke before, we didn't even like each other before the island. Emma's friend, Lizzie, even joked about me before the trip to build the school, and before Emma and I got shipwrecked. We're in the real world now, and Emma and I don't need to stay together, I don't even want to be with her. The thud of a dropped pencil case brought me back to reality. Back in the classroom, Mr Walder was discussing something about the cold war, but I don't think anyone was really listening. I looked outside the window again, and saw a young girl running towards the school. I smiled to myself, watching as the girl frantically ran to avoid being even more late. She looked younger than me, clearly a freshman, with wavy brown hair and pale skin, only noticeable because nearly all the other girls here were sporting a summer tan. The girl ran past my line of sight, but I heard the entrance door slam in the hallway outside. She was going to get yelled at, but she looked like a seasoned late-arriver. Bored, I looked at the clock. Only fifteen minutes had passed, meaning there were still forty-five minutes left. I groaned silently to myself and started doodling on my notebook to pass the time. My doodles stopped becoming random, and I started drawing palm trees, and mountain forms, and the outline of a jungle. I wasn't even thinking, I just drew, until I started drawing the lagoon. Our lagoon. I was drawing every detail that I could remember, and that's when it hit me. That we're never going back. I knew, in my head, that obviously things were never going to be the same, but I hadn't spent much time thinking about it. I was never going back to that place, not in the same conditions at least. Sure, in ten years we may go back with other people to visit the place Emma and I called home for three months, but it won't be the same. We won't be stuck on the island, forced to hunt and scavenge for our food, with only each other for comfort. Emma and I can never go back to that place. That thought scared me, and I began rubbing out my drawing. The blue lagoon will look the same physically if we went back, but it wouldn't feel the same. The island was not really a prison for me in the end, but, a haven. I didn't have to worry about school-work or friends or anything on the island. I always wanted to go back, but it was in the back of my mind by the last few weeks of our time on the island. It wasn't even my relationship with Emma that I longed for, it was the way we lived, how free it felt on the island. I stopped thinking and went back to listening to the lecture, unable to stand the sound of my own voice, even just in my head. Mr Walder was talking about Russian troops invading American land-space, when a loud knock at the door interrupted him. \"Come in.\" Mr Walder said in a disproving tone. Clearly he was not happy with being interrupted during his class. On the other hand, all of his students were. The door opened, and in came the girl who I spent 3 months on an island with. Emma walked in through the door and glanced over at the class. I looked away from her and tucked my head into my textbook. Her gaze went straight over me and she directed her attention towards the teacher. \"Sorry I'm late, I was in a meeting with the principal.\" Emma said, clearly uncomfortable because she was always the perfect student, and was never late. I hadn't spoken to Emma since the night of the party Emma's parents threw for our return, when I tried to kiss her and she moved away. I've seen her in the corridor but whenever I caught her eye she'd look away. So I stopped looking for her. Emma handed Mr Walder a note. \"Alright, Miss Robinson. Just sit down and open to page 47 please\" Mr Walder replied, gesturing to the empty seat in the third row. Emma moved to the seat and sat down. As she unpacked her backpack, Mr Walder turned around to face her again. \"Oh, and can you see me after class. I need to give you some work that you missed.\" Mr Walder said and then turned back to whatever he was writing on the whiteboard. Well, I was going to have to see Emma again sometime. I guess it was going to be now. Class ended quicker than I thought, and I reached in my bag to pack up my books slowly, knowing that I was going to have to stay behind to get my work. Everyone else filed out quickly and loudly, talking to their friends. Some girl was talking to Emma before she left. No one talked to me, but that's normal. I swung my backpack over my shoulder and walked up to Mr Walder's desk. As I passed Emma, I saw surprise fill her eyes. Obviously she didn't know I was in this class. We were both in-front of Mr Walder's desk now and the room was filled with a heavy silence, with everyone else having left. Finally Mr Walder finished sorting out his papers and pushed papers each of our hands. \"Alright. I know you two were stuck on an island for half a year or something, but you're back now and you need to get back to work.\" He said, being very frank. \"It's not like we chose to go.\" I retorted \"No. It's not, is it, Mr McMullen?\" Mr Walder turned towards me, stone-faced, \"Yet you spent weeks in a tropic paradise and missed the first few weeks of school. Sounds like you just had a long vacation. \" He paused. \"I'm sure the other teachers are going to be lenient towards you, but I won't. This year is too important for you. This is the year that will decide the rest of your lives, so I won't take it easy on you.\" Mr Walder looked from me to Emma and back again. \"I expect this work to be done by next Wednesday. I won't accept any excuses.\" I groaned and grabbed my stack of papers, receiving a glare from Mr Walder as I walked out. Emma followed me out, and we walked down the now empty hallway at awkward distances from each other. Emma walked quickly to catch-up with me, and I didn't slow my pace. \"That was weird.\" She said, \"I mean, it's not like we wanted to stay on the island.\" Emma waited for me to reply, and when I didn't she just continued, \"Why does he not like us? We've only been in his lesson one day.\" \"Yeah.\" I said, not helping to contribute to the conversation. \"It's strange being back, everyone's acting differently. The cafeteria's been re-done, and there's all this stuff in the news that's been happening that we just... missed.\" She paused again. I stayed silent. \"Listen, Dean...\" Emma started, before I interrupted her. \"Hey, I'm really sorry, but I'm supposed to be in Ms Fern's class now, and she locks the door if you're more than 10 minutes late.\" I said, before speed walking down the corridor and away from Emma. Emma's POV I watched Dean practically run down the corridor to get away from me. I sighed, and walked towards my locker. I was already exhausted and it wasn't even the end of 2nd period. Things were so awkward between Dean and me ever since we got back. It's like we didn't know what to talk about anymore. We used to be able to talk about anything, we were so close. But now, now there's just space. I don't even know if I want it to go back to the way things used to be. I feel as if I'm torn apart and there are two versions of me - the island Emma and the reality Emma. I'm just not sure which one I want to be yet. I don't know how Dean fits into my life now, what we would be together, to each other. We never made anything official on the island; I could've been Dean's fuck-buddy for all I know, just something to pass the time. I think we both knew it wasn't going to continue after the island. Yet, I keep worrying about him and wondering what's going through his head. The first few days he kept trying to talk to me, but I was confused. I didn't want to talk to him until my head was straight - that hasn't happened yet and now Dean won't talk to me. I had to get my mind off him. We run in different circles, we hated each other when we first got on the island and we probably only stuck together because there were no other options. I slugged my books out of my backpack and put them in my locker. I grabbed my French book and walked towards my French class. I looked at my watch, it was ten past. Great, that means I'm late to two lessons in a row. I've never done that before, I hope it's not going to affect my already diminishing GPA. It was hard to keep academics in the high context that I did before the island, after knowing how much more there was. I mean, I always knew, everyone always told me school work wasn't life and death, but I never really understood. God, I thought I did, but the island, it didn't change me so much as make me aware of everything else there is to life. I made it to French class and when I walked in, everyone stared at me. Just another day in reality. They're going to stop staring soon, but right now, it's the most uncomfortable thing. Everyone was just watching you like you're the shiny new toy. I turned away from the class and towards the teacher. \"Hi, sorry I'm late, I had to pick up some work from Mr Walder.\" I said, trying to make this as fast as possible. The teacher looked at me sternly before turning her attention back to the whiteboard she had previously been writing on. I stood there for a few moments before taking the hint and finding a seat somewhere. I saw a seat free near Stephen, and I took it. Ever since I'd come back Stephen had been sweet to me and just like a friend. Apparently when I'd been gone, Stephen and my friends had became closer while I was away. Stephen and Lizzie became close, but nothing romantic, because \"bros before hoes applies to girls too\" according to Lizzie. Stephen smiled at me when I sat down, and I was happy I chose this seat. While the teacher was still writing on the board, Stephen leaned over to my desk. \"That's Miss Masters. She's new here and she's a total b. Don't ever hand in a homework late or she'll eat you.\" He whispered in my ear, so close that the hairs on the back of my neck stood up. I laughed silently and caught his eyes. He stared back at me, and it was nice. It was comfortable. \"Thanks for the warning, I'll watch out.\" I reply, enjoying the easy friendship that came with Stephen. The lesson continued on, and Stephen made it fun for me. Our conversation flowed naturally, and he made me laugh a few times. I could forget myself with Stephen, and got to go back to being a normal teenager again, not some girl who you saw get rescued on the news. Stephen had another class with me, English Literature in the afternoon, but he agreed to meet me before lunch so we could go to the cafeteria together and he could show me the new layout. My next class was Biology, and I already knew Lizzie was in this class with me. As soon as I walked in, not late for this class, thank god, Lizzie screamed and ran towards me. Lizzie had been ill all of last week, and we hadn't been able to talk before school started like we usually do. That was thanks to the meeting I had to have with the principal about how to catch-up with my school work and how to settle back into school life, which was also the meeting where he strongly recommended that I see the school therapist on a regular basis, just until i \"get back in the swing of things\". \"It's been forever since I spoke to you! How have your first days back been?\" Lizzie asked in a blur of words. \"Ah, good. Yeah, it's been okay.\" I replied \"Ignore all the losers staring at you. They're just jealous they're not on the news.\" Lizzie said loudly, making sure the whole class heard and stopped looking at us. Lizzie sat down in the middle row, and waited for me to sit next to her. \"Anyway\" Lizzie continued, \"I saw you and Stephen talking. Is that flirtationship rearing it's beautiful head again?\" \"I don't think so, Lizzie. I'm pretty sure Stephen just thinks of me as a friend now.\" I laughed at her. \"No way. A guy like that doesn't hang around a supposedly dead, sorry Em, girl's friends if he isn't way into her.\" Lizzie retorted. \"Please.\" I reply, \"Then why was he hooking up with some girl at that carnival party the night I got shipwrecked.\" \"Because you guys weren't an actual item. And he was drunk.\" Lizzie said, \"Whatever, the point is, he hasn't hooked up with anyone since and you two would be perfect together.\" She sounded so sure, she made me want to believe her. \"I think we'll just be friends, at least for now. He's actually coming to pick us up for lu-\" I got cut off in my conversation as the teacher walked in. \"Good morning future scientists. Time to open your textbooks please. We'll be working on neurosis today.\" The teacher, who's name I don't know, said to the class. I started to turn away from Lizzie but she started whispering something to me as the teacher was writing the date on the board. \"Oh, and don't think we're not going to talk about what happened on that island, Ems. I need to know what went on at island shipwreck with psycho boy.\" Lizzie smiled before changing her concentration to the teacher. I understood why Lizzie said that, it was just like anything else she said, but some reason that last comment caused my chest to tighten. When the bell rang for lunch, Stephen was waiting outside as Lizzie and I walked out the door. \"Hey Stephen.\" Lizzie said, \"Make any girls cry today because you rejected them?\" Stephen laughed, \"Not yet, but here's to hoping.\" He turned to face me now as well, \"Hey Emma, did you hear about this party at Tommy's?\" \"Oh yeah! I forgot to tell you!\" Lizzie gasped, I could see excitement flowing in her eyes. \"Um, who's Tommy?\" I ask \"Tommy Greenfield. He's this super rich kid who moved here freshman year. You won't know him, he was totally unpopular until he started dating Alexis in summer and now he's totally cool. Anyway, he's throwing a rager at his house this friday while his parent's are away on a romantic getaway or something. You have to come!\" Lizzie said, so ready for this to happen. \"Yeah, uh, it can be like you're comeback to reality.\" Stephen added. \"I don't think my parent's are going to let me go to a party the first week I get back.\" I say, trying to back out of it. I don't really feel like a party right now. \"Oh come on, Emma. It's going to be the party of the year.\" Lizzie said. \"Just tell your parents you're staying at my house at come paaarty.\" \"Ah... I guess.\" I said, giving in. \"Yes!\" Lizzie almost whooped. \"It's going to be great, Emma. We'll all go together, it'll be fun.\" Stephen's easy smile relieved me. We walked into the cafeteria together, and I finally felt normal. I had forgotten about this, about just buying a lunch and eating it with your friends. It was so... ordinary. Just what I wanted. We grabbed our sandwiches, paid, and headed outside to sit in the grass and try and get a better tan. Well, at least Lizzie did, I was already super brown from the island, and I'm pretty sure Stephen didn't care about getting a tan. I wasn't exactly looking for Dean, but I couldn't see him anywhere in the cafeteria or outside anyway. It didn't matter, I wasn't worried about him, not back in the real world at least. \"So Stephanie has been totally bitchy lately and totally sucking up to Bailee.\" Lizzie was filling me in on all the gossip I missed. \"I liked Stephanie\" I said \"Yeah, she was nice, but now she's friends with Bailee. Bailee .\" Lizzie stressed Bailee's name as if I wasn't hearing her right. \"I know, Bailee sucks. Trust me, I know that more than anyone, but Stephanie has done nothing to me.\" I said. \"Okay, sorry. I don't want to turn you all cynical on me! Well, it probably won't matter anyway because word is, Stephanie slept with Freddie.\" Lizzie looked around for our shocked faces. \"Yeah, that's the word in the locker room too.\" Stephen said \"No. Not Bailee's Freddie.\" I said. I'm not much of a gossip, but this is big. Especially seeing as Stephanie was such a good-girl last year. \"Yup. So obviously little Stephanie isn't going to be in Bailee's good graces for long anyway.\" Lizzie said, clearly reveling in being the bearer of such interesting gossip. Lizzie and Stephen continued discussing Stephanie's downfall, and I started to feel a bit queasy. I clutched my stomach and looked down at my food. The meat hadn't looked that well cooked but, to be honest, I had been used to fish for so long that I didn't really judge if it was cooked enough or not. \"Um, guys.\" I said, starting to stand, \"I don't feel so good. I think I'm going to go in now.\" Lizzie and Stephen looked up to me. \"Are you okay?\" Stephen asked earnestly. \"Do you want us to come with you?\" \"No, I'm fine. It was just some bad beef. Seriously.\" I said, walking away. \"Just get back to your lunch.\" I walk towards the cafeteria and I can hear Lizzie saying \"Well, I'm not eating this now. I don't want to get food poising too\" as I'm walking away, and I smile to myself. As soon as I bin the rest of my food, my stomach surges again and I run to the bathroom. Opening the stalls, I start heaving up the lunch I just ate. After I finish vomiting, I rinse my mouth out with water and wash my hands. I watch my face in the mirror, and can see my red cheeks and unhealthy colour on my face. I look around and am glad that no one else is in the bathroom. Splashing water on my face, I leave to go pack for my next class. I make it through the rest of the day fairly well, not really talking in class, thankful that I only have two more classes yet, English Literature and AP Algebra. I have English Literature with Stephen, which is a relief, but I also spot Dean and I wish I wasn't in the same class with him at the moment. Algebra is fine, I don't know anyone in that class but I'm glad for it today, I feel too ill to talk anyway. I run to the bathroom and vomit one more time before I go home to sleep. I hate food poising.[Chapter 2] Dean's POV I walked into the cafeteria for a second before heading straight back out. It's not that I wasn't used to having lunch on my own, hell, I preferred it, but the last few lunches were filled with people's eyes drilling holes into my back. I walked purposely away from the cafeteria and towards the library, on the other side of school. People are rushing past me, trying to grab lunch before the big queues or trying to get the best food before it runs out. We're not allowed to go out for lunch unless we've been given special permission slips, and those are harder to come by then getting sick slips from the nurse, and she once made a kid stay in school when he was vomiting everywhere. A couple of them glance at me as they're dashing past, but the novelty is starting to wear off now, and they probably don't have time to stop and stare. The crowd disperses quickly as I walk to the other side of the school, and I find I can hear my footsteps as my new shoes slap against the wooden floor in the hall. The shoes are just part of the 'sorry-you-got-stuck-on-an-island-on-a-trip-you-di dnt-even-want-to-go-on' presents I've been getting from my dad. The biggest gift was a huge Yamaha RD350LC motorbike, the one I'd been begging him to get me for months. The motorbike was jet black, and had liquid-cooled two-stroke twin engines, with a speed of up to 110mph. Basically, it was at the height of motorbikes, and had the price tag to match, but that's the one thing us McMullens can deal with - money. So far I hadn't so much as taken it out of the garage, but I was thinking of taking it for a test run after school. I turned a corner and walked out of the first building. I took a short-cut through the smoker's pit and jerked my head up 'sup' to Patrick Renner, one of the seniors who sold me weed a while back. He did the same back, and then went back to getting baked with the other stoners. Everyone called the smoker's pit 'Hull', because of the story that says that there once was a sophomore called Benjamin Hull who was murdered in that spot a few years after the school first opened, back in the 1920s, and so the spot was called 'Hull' in his memory. There actually was a kid called Benjamin Hull who died in 1929, but whether he was murdered or not isn't said in the newspaper article, or if he even went to Jefferson High, but the seniors loved to freak out the freshman with that story anyway. The library was just up ahead, and I sped up a bit to get there quicker, as if the library was a haven that would give me a break from my life as no one could talk to me, it wasn't just that they were too afraid to. I opened the door to the smell of dust and cheetos, the librarian sat up ahead typing something on the office computer. The librarian was young for a librarian, in her mid-40s, and was kind-faced, although she didn't look up when I walked in. The library was divided into different rows by the bookshelves, and some rested against the wall so it was like having a small room for each subject - fiction, history, etc. I strode passed the librarian and made my way to the back of the library. However, when I got there, I found out that some juniors making out had already taken the last row in the library. The girl had dark hair, I think her name was Darcy, and the guy was tall and blonde, I think it was Tommy Wood. Who-ever it was, they were so invested in themselves they hadn't noticed when I almost stumbled walked into that section of the library. I moved away from the back of the library until I found a row of bookshelves that seemed to be the most isolated. I leaned against the shelves and sank down until I was sitting on the floor, surrounded by history books. The row was made so I was surrounded on three sides by bookshelves, and the opening faced another wall on the opposite side of the library. It was as private as possible in this school, without going to the bathroom. I pulled my headphones out of my backpack and put them on, blasting some music that I've forgotten the name of. Then I reached back into my bag for my laptop and my lunch, although I wasn't that hungry. I still avoided exotic fruit, the fruit we had on the island, that we spent our days collecting. We knew where every fruit tree, where to collect the best coconuts, where to go if you wanted some bananas, where the nicest tasting fish swam, and where the easiest to catch fish lived. A memory flash of teaching Emma how to fish sprang into my head. How I had held her and guided her arms with my own, of her running into my arms when she finally caught a fish on her own. It had been so long since I had let someone in, and now I didn't have anyone. Again. Damn it. I didn't want to be sucked into that lifestyle. This is why I stayed away from people, because I don't want to be caught up in their drama. I hated that my mind kept floating back to Emma. She was clearly exhilarated to be back with her real friends, not just someone she was forced to spend time with. I opened my laptop to the screensaver that it came with. Besides, it's not like we had any photos to remember the time by, no journal entries, and when we were old and our memories were gone, there would be no way to recount our time there. Our time together. As if it never happened. My thoughts were getting too depressing. It was only because Emma was the only person I had had a real conversation with in years. There was no other reason. I opened the internet on my laptop and starting working on some of the homework Mr Walder had given us this morning. It was a lot, and it was going to take ages to get through it all, especially because I didn't exactly concentrate in class as it was. I was just starting on the paper titled \"What events lead up to the start of the Cold War and how could they have been stopped\" when someone nearly tripped over me as they came into the history section. A guy with brown hair and pale skin straightened up and tried to say something that I couldn't hear because of my headphones. Then he just stood there, looking nervous. He was skinny and had clothes on that gave the impression that he played chess with his mum on Saturdays. I took off my headphones and said, \"What do you want?\". The guy looked dumbfounded and said, \"Sorry, I'll leave\" and headed away. \"Wait. Sorry.\" I said before he could leave, \"That was rude. The library's for everyone.\" The guy looked like he didn't know what to do. I wasn't really sure either, I didn't have any guy friends. After a pause, I said, \"Hey man, I'm Dean.\" And held out my hand. My arm hung there for a second before the guy got the confidence to shake it. \"Hey, I'm Arthur.\" He said, and then just stood there. \"So what are you doing in the library at lunch?\" I asked him \"Oh, uh, just getting a book for class.\" He replied \"Oh yeah, whi-\" I started before Arthur interrupted me. \"Are you the kid who got stuck on the island?\" He spat out in one breath, his hands holding on to his backpack straps as if they were life itself. Arthur gulped, and waited for me to reply while I stared at him for a second, processing what he said. \"Um, yeah.\" I replied. \"That's so cool. Do you mind if I interview for the school newspaper?\" Arthur asked. \"Kinda. I don't really have anything to say.\" I replied. Arthur looked really disappointed, but he didn't leave. He looked like he was going to try and ask me more questions about the island, but my expression must have shut him up. \"So, uh, what are you doing in the library at lunchtime?\" He asked me. \"Just some homework. Mr Walder gave me loads of work to make up for the time I missed, but I don't know anything about the Cold War.\" I said with a shrug. \"Oh, I do.\" Arthur said, \"I can tutor you, if you want. $15 an hour, though.\" I thought about it, I mean, I had never thought about getting a tutor before, but Arthur seemed smart enough, and he wouldn't be condescending. \"Yeah, that'd be great.\" I said \"We can get started now.\" He said, and I grabbed my stuff and we made our way to one of the tables in the library, with Arthur grabbing the book for class as he did. Half an hour later, I had done my essay and actually enjoyed my tutor session. Arthur was actually a nice guy, if geeky, and I could see us becoming friends. Arthur was telling me about the Warsaw Pact when a girl walked past our desk and Arthur's attention went with her. She had dark hair and for a second I thought she was the girl who I had seen making-out with Tommy earlier, but she was wearing different clothes. \"Hello? Arthur?\" I said, bringing him back to reality. \"Oh, um, where were we?\" He said, his eyes back on the textbook. \"Well you were just staring at that girl's ass. Why don't you ask her out?\" I said. Arthur went bright red and mumbled something. \"What?\" I asked \"I can't. God, she'd never go out with me.\" He said \"Stop being a pussy, Arthur.\" I said. I looked over to her, and saw her trying to get some books from the top shelve. \"Look, she's over there struggling for some books. Go and help her.\" I said, but Arthur just shook his head. \"Come on! She's going to leave in a sec.\" I urged him, but he just said no again. I didn't know why it was so important to me. Suddenly I just needed Arthur to get the girl, for Arthur to take a risk and succeed. \"If you won't go talk to her, I will.\" I said, my voice low so she wouldn't hear us. Arthur looked terrified. \"No, no, don't, please.\" \"Then you go.\" I said, but he just diverted his eyes and stared holes into the table. \"Alright\" I said, and stood up, moving the chair out of my way. \"Wait, Dean. No.\" Arthur cried as loudly as he could without drawing her attention. I walked over to her. She stood with her back to me, reaching up, trying to grab a book on the top shelf that was too high for half the student body to reach, herself included. Luckily I was tall, so it was easy for me to reach. I came up behind her, and then said \"Do you need any help with that?\". She turned around and I saw her face for the first time. It was the girl I had seen run into school, late for first period this morning. \"I've got it.\" She said, her eyes uninviting. \"Oh sorry, my bad. It's just you've been struggling to get that book for like ten minutes now, but sure, you've got it.\" I said, laughter playing in my eyes. She tried one more time before backing down. \"Fine. I guess you can.\" She said. \"Anyone here would think I was hurting you, not offering you a favour.\" I smirked at her. \"I just don't like needing help, okay?\" She replied, snatching the book out of my hand. \"Okay. I get it. I was just trying to be nice.\" I said \"Oh, you weren't trying to hit on me?\" She said, as if she knew I was. \"I'm a freshman, not an idiot.\" \"Actually, my friend's the one who wants to get to know you.\" I said pointing to Arthur, who ducked down when he saw us looking at him. \"Oh.\" She said, her voice softer now. \"Well, why didn't he come talk to me himself.\" She asked. \"I think he was nervous.\" I replied, and then looked back at her, \"And with good reason. God you are scary mean.\" She smiled a little smile then, and said, \"Sorry, it's been a bad day. A lot of drama, you know?\" I laughed and said, \"Yeah, I get it. Can I introduce you to my friend, um, I actually don't know your name.\" She smiled and stuck out her hand. I shook it and she said, \"I'm Rowan. I know, it's weird, but my parents were really into old, like really old, names. I'm pretty sure it's actually a boy's name anyway.\" \"Nice to meet you, Rowan. I'm Dean, Dean McMullen.\" I replied, \"And that's my friend Arthur.\" I pointed to where Arthur was still sitting. \"Nice to meet you too, but I actually need to be somewhere, like, five minutes ago. Tell your friend I'll see him tonight, at Tommy's party.\" Rowan said, picking up the rest of her books from the floor. \"You guys are going, right?\" I looked at her and smiled, \"Of course.\" And then I watched her leave. I guess we were going to a party tonight. Emma's POV When I got home it was silent. My mum was out somewhere, I think she told me this morning but I wasn't listening. Usually I loved talking to my mum, but I didn't know what to say anymore. She was so careful with me now, acting as if I was a china doll and could break at any moment. Always monitoring what she said. I didn't help. I hadn't told anyone what really happened on the island, with Dean and me. It was just too painful and confusing. The island was another world, one I couldn't really describe to anyone. \"Hello?\" I called out into the empty kitchen as I shrugged my backpack off, knowing that there would probably be no answer. I poured myself a bowl of cereal and looked over the job ads in the local paper. Recently I wanted something to keep me busy, and I was worried about costs for college. My parents had spent a lot of money on looking for me, even with Dean's dad's help, leaving less left in my college fund. Plus we'd always assumed I would get a scholarship to help me fund my way through college, but my 'vacation' on the island had left me behind in my classes and it would take a lot more work to get me back on track. I sighed, flicking through more jobs that I was either under-qualified for or that were too far away for me to be able to get there and back and still have time for school work in the evenings. I clicked on the machine, and there were a couple messages. Some were from neighbours inviting us to a barbeque or asking for favours and one was from some TV news show, asking to interview me about my time on the island. God. I didn't even want to think about the island anymore, nevertheless talk about it on national TV. I heard a creak as someone walked down the stairs into the hallway. \"Mum?\" I called, thinking she had gotten home from her meeting already. \"Nope. Just me.\" Came the reply as my sister Stacey walked into the kitchen and opened the fridge. Ever since I had gotten back Stacey seemed to be angry at me all the time, and whenever I tried to talk to her about it she always brushed me off. And now it was getting me angry. \"What's up, Stacey? Do you actually want to talk to me today? Or are you just going to ignore me again?\" I asked angrily. \"Not everything's about you , Emma.\" She replied. \"Shut up, Stacey. Why don't you get off your high horse and have a real conversation with me for once. You've been pissed at me ever since I got back. What is your deal?\" I snapped \"Nothing. Anyway, I've got homework to do.\" Stacey said, storming off. Suddenly I felt really guilty. \"Stacey, wait. I'm sorry.\" I called after her. \"Stacey!\" But all that came from me was the slam of her bedroom door. I sighed, and looked down at my now-soggy cereal. I got up and put the cereal in the sink, thinking to myself that I would clean it later, and started on my college applications, which were a lot of work. I was in the middle of writing my common app essay, which was going as well as trying to stop remembering something embarrassing, when my phone rang. \"Hey Lizzie\" I said, seeing her name come up on the caller ID. \"Wassup bitch? I'm waiting outside your house, so come and let me in!\" Lizzie screamed down the phone. \"Coming\" I said, running towards the front door with my phone still at my ear. I opened the door and Lizzie said \"Hey!\" so that it had 3 syllables before hugging me. \"You know you could've just rang the doorbell like a normal person.\" I laughed as Lizzie took her shoes off. \"Yeah, but then it could've been your moody sister to open the door, and besides, this was more fun.\" Lizzie grabbed my arm and pulled me upstairs, knowing my house as well as she knew her own. She rammed open the door to my room and then let go of my arm as she jumped down on my bed. \"So?\" She asked \"So what?\" I replied, looking at her in a funny way. \"So what the hell happened on that island?\" She asked. \"We haven't had a single moment to talk about it and I've been dying !\" I laughed and sat down at my desk. I wanted to tell Lizzie about Dean, but I didn't know what I would say. I didn't even know what our relationship really was, or even if it could be called a relationship. In the end I decided not to tell her, I figured that there was nothing to tell. I told Lizzie about how we scavenged for food, and the lagoon and Dean fighting off the jaguar, all the while minding my tone and trying not to sound too happy when I retold stories with Dean in them, even though I knew it was just me looking back on it and thinking it was better than it was at the time, thinking I was happier than I really was then. \"So you and Dean, do you like him now? Are you like friends?\" Lizzie asked, looking at me quizzically. \"Um, I don't know. I don't think so. I think we just needed each other for the island. That's all\" I said, feeling relieved. \"Good, because he gives off this weird vibe to me. I know, he's hot, in that I'm-such-a-rebel kind-of way, but I don't trust him. Besides, you don't need anymore friends, you've got me.\" Lizzie paused, \"And Stephen, who, hello, has been dying to talk to you recently.\" \"Why do you care so much about me and Stephen, anyway?\" I asked \"I'm just trying to be a friend.\" Lizzie said, smiling. \"You know, you haven't really been here in months, which, I know, is totally not your fault, but it happened, Ems. And we moved on, life moved on, and now you're back but you're not really back. It's not the same as before. I just thought, you know, if you got together with Stephen it would fix it.\" \"Fix what? Am I not good enough to be your friend anymore?\" I asked, suddenly angry. I didn't know why my mood was changing so quickly. \"No. No, god, Ems. It's not like that. It's just you've kind of been stuck in your own head the last few days, and we just want to see you back to your old self. We miss you.\" Lizzie replied. I felt bad for snapping, and said \"Sorry, Lizzie. It's just been hard, re-adjusting.\" \"That's cool. Just know I'm here for you, you can talk to me.\" Lizzie says, and then her mood changes and she suddenly becomes really excitable. \"Are you ready for Tommy's party? What are you going to wear?\" She asks. Tommy's party is in 2 hours and I still haven't decided if I really want to go, but after that with Lizzie, I know I have to. I don't want to be left alone, on the outside, watching my friends move on without me. I shrug and walk over to my cupboard, reaching in and producing three of my nicest dresses, two of which Lizzie bought me so I know she would approve of them. \"Wear the blue one that's so dark it's nearly black.\" Lizzie says after eyeing the dresses up. \"It will match your black shoes better.\" \"I didn't tell you what shoes I was wearing.\" I reply. \"Come on. You know you were going to wear them, I know you too well. Plus you only have, like, 3 pairs of shoes.\" Lizzie smiles. We get ready together, which takes an hour and a half with Lizzie running around getting all her stuff out of her bag, listening to Stacey's muffled angsty-teenager music which makes me want to go yell at her but I can't because we're already on thin ice as it is. \"Ready?\" Lizzie asks me at 10:12pm, when the party has already been happening for a good hour. I look in the reflection one more time. I'm wearing the dress Lizzie told me to, which is way shorter than I remember. Lizzie says I shouldn't be that worried because I was walking around half-naked on the island all the time and that \"Lonely boy was probably scoping you out all the time with his freaky eyes.\" Before shivering and going \"ugh\"; but that was different. That was just Dean and me, there was no one else around. It was comfortable. My hair is left down around my shoulders and my make-up, including my eyebrows, has been done by Lizzie so I look wide-eyed all the time, but in a good way. Lizzie calls me from downstairs one more time and I run down the stairs. We head into Lizzie's car after I write a note for my mum saying where I am, so she doesn't freak out when she gets home. I sit down next to Lizzie and she says, \"Time for you to really come back to civilization.\" Then we drive off towards the rich side of town, where Tommy lives. Sorry, I know, there was no Dean x Emma interaction in this chapter but this was needed I swear. Dean and Emma will see each other in the next chapter (at Tommy's party) and something will happen. Just bear with me guys![Chapter 3] Dean's POV It was only after I had left school that I actually thought about going to the party. I had always avoided social interaction and now I was thrusting myself into a house filled with drunk kids trying to run away from their non-existent problems by making bad decisions. I tried to call it off, but Arthur was so excited about it. When I tried to back out of going, Arthur freaked out and started a rant saying he couldn't go unless I went because he would have no one and Rowan only spoke to me and he needed me for bro support. Plus Arthur didn't know his address, whereas Tommy's dad and my dad were golfing friends so I've been to their house a couple of times for neighborhood barbeques. I guess if I was going to be stared at, it might as well be on my own terms. At least, that's what I told myself as I rode my skateboard the few blocks to Tommy's house. The streets were quiet now, the streetlights were on although it wasn't that dark yet. The roads were basically empty coming up to Tommy's house, until about a block away, where you could hear the music pumping out all the way down the street and cars of people from my school and the neighboring ones were swarming into the party. I sped up, and then stopped a house before Tommy's. I picked up my skateboard and chucked it into one of the neighbour's front yards before I walked the remaining 10 steps to Tommy's front door. I rang the doorbell and a girl answered it, who I immediately recognized to be Tommy's sister, Hannah. Hannah was Tommy's little sister, about to be 15, and he was very protective of her, and for good reason. She was wearing a dress that barely covered anything, it was black and tight in all the right places for me, and all the wrong places for her brother. \"Come in\" She said with an easy smile, opening the door to me. Her breath smelt like cheap vodka and her eyes were inviting. I followed her into the hallway where people were running up and down the stairs, huddled into every corner of the house. I think Tommy had invited the whole school, or someone had because there were loads of people here. \"So\" Hannah said as she stopped in the living room and turned back towards me, \"How do you know Tommy? Or are you just another freeloader.\" \"No, um, I know Tommy. I know you, as well, Hannah.\" I said, smiling up at her. Hannah studied me for a moment before recognition shone in her eyes. \"Oh my god. Dean? Dean MacMullen?\" She squealed. \"Yeah, actually it's McMullen bu-\" I was cut off as Hannah squeezed me into a hug. \"Oh, okay, we're hugging now.\" \"Oh, sorry.\" Hannah said, letting go of me. \"It's just been so long, and I was happy to actually recognize someone here. Not that I recognized you straight away. But whatever.\" \"So what have you been up to?\" I said, trying to make small talk while looking for Arthur, who texted me that he was here ten minutes ago. \"I actually just started school. I go to Jefferson High, do you go there? Or are you at Lincoln or one of the others?\" Hannah asked \"No, I go to Jefferson, just like you.\" I replied, my eyes scanning the room still looking for Arthur. Hannah started talking about something else, some gossip I think about a girl in her year, when I saw Emma walk in with some of her friends. I completely tuned out Hannah at this point and kept searching for Arthur, but my eyes kept trailing back to Emma. She looked amazing and I had to really concentrate to pretend to be listening to Hannah. I didn't mean to be rude, it's just my mind was on other things. My gaze had trailed back to Emma when she looked over and caught my gaze. Time seemed to slow as we watched each other, just for a few seconds. Her hair was let down loosely so a few strands lingered over her eyes. I had an urge to push the hair back over her ears, like I used to on the island. Emma smiled at me; a small, sweet smile, and I started to smile back. Maybe, I thought, we could at least be friends. Then a shout from across the room pulls my attention and out stepped Stephen Sullivan, the guy Emma liked last year. And maybe not, I thought. Stephen ran over to Emma and gave her a hug. I looked back to Hannah who was still talking, blissfully unaware that I was no longer a part of the conversation. Hannah was pretty, and content with talking to some guy she barely knows. Before I could help myself, I snuck a quick glance back at Emma. Emma was smiling at Stephen as they embraced, a brilliant bright smile that turned quickly into a laugh. She caught my eyes as she was hugging Stephen, his back to me, and her smile turned sad, as if she realized that's we would never experience a hug like that together, or anything like that. All we had now was a smile from across the room, something that was acceptable to share with a stranger you passed on a street and never saw again. I sighed and ran a hand through my hair. \"Are you okay? I'm not boring you, am I?\" Hannah asked earnestly. Suddenly I felt guilty. Hannah was being nice to me, something rare nowadays, and I was totally ignoring her. \"Of course not.\" I shot her an easy smile. Her face lit up in relief. \"Oh. Good.\" She said, suddenly shy. The doorbell rang and Hannah almost jumped. \"Oh sorry, got to go.\" Hannah said pointing towards the door. \"I'm on door duty. It's, like, the only reason I'm allowed to downstairs.\" I waved bye to her and looked for a spot to disappear into. I wanted to go to the kitchen, the most obvious place to hide out, but I had a feeling that post was already filled by the way of the group of girls walking in there now. I checked my watch. It was 10:30. Where was Arthur? God, he was practically crying for me to come in his texts and now he wasn't anywhere. Did he leave already? I texted Arthur asking him where he was and then I slumped my head against the wall. The only reason I came to this stupid party was for him. Well, him, and to show people I wasn't running away from anything, that I could face their stares. No one really noticed me from my position, too occupied in their own lives, I guess. This was where I belonged, on the sidelines, watching and waiting. I could see Alexis Dunphy across the room with Bailee Haynes, laughing about something or, most likely, someone. Patrick Renner was off to one side, smoking a joint with some of his buddies, a group of freshman girls were standing near them, giggling and trying to get their attention. There were so many people crammed into the house, so many different lives, each with their own issues and dramas. A sense of sonder filled me and yet, all I could think about was one girl and how her life was going, how she was moving on without me so easily when everyday I had to remind myself not to think about her. Emma was nowhere to be seen and for that I was glad. I couldn't stand watching her pity me any longer. I stood like that for a few moments before I heard the buzzing of my phone. It was a text from Arthur. \"I'm iutside! WHerr are yoo?\" the text read. Clearly Arthur was drunk. He probably only got so drunk because he hadn't ever had a drink before so he didn't know his limit. I walked towards the doors leading to the garden, and looked around in the dark, searching for Arthur. Emma's POV The party was in full swing, and there were bodies pressed against each other in every room. Including this one, where some sweaty couple tried to make out against my back before I pushed them off. Lizzie was next to me, the beer sloshing out of her cup as she danced. I had a coke in my cup, one of the conditions on me coming out was that I wasn't going to drink. My parents thought I was at a sleepover with Lizzie, but they still thought of her as a 'bad influence' and told me that if Lizzie bought some alcohol to the sleepover that I was supposed to refuse it. I already felt guilty enough about lying to my parents about the party; I thought I should obey the only thing they asked of me. Lizzie and I had arrived an hour ago, with the rest of the girls, Helen and Jude, arriving ten minutes later. It was harder and harder finding my place in my own clique again, so much had happened without me, so many inside jokes that I wasn't a part of. My counselor said it would get easier with time, that I just had to keep trying. Unfortunately trying was hard and I was tired of it. I just wanted to go back to my old life. Seeing Dean earlier had shaken me up. What was he doing here? He never came to parties like this. Was he trying to say something to me? I didn't want him here. This wasn't like it was before. But Tommy had invited the whole class, and I felt guilty about being annoyed at Dean. It wasn't really him I was angry at; it was myself, the fact that I was the odd one out in my group now. It was just easier to relay my feelings to someone other than myself. I was angry at the island for taking me away from my friends, for making me have to catch-up in school, for making me behind on my deadlines. I hated it for making my parents act as if I was made of china and that I would break at any moment. But, mostly, I hated it for giving me these feelings that I couldn't make sense of, and for making me feel happy, for making me feel good and free on the island when I should have been wanting to come home with all of my soul, not just part of it. I had put some research into it, but the only thing close I could find was Stockholm syndrome, where someone who had been kidnapped bonded with their kidnapper. Except, in my case, the kidnapper was an island. It was ridiculous even to myself, and worse, I was pushing this anger on Dean. I needed to clear my head. \"I'm going to get a drink\" I half-shouted to Lizzie, trying to get her to hear me over the thundering music. \"What?\" Lizzie shouted back, with a giddy smile. I mimed drinking, using my now-empty cup, to her and started pushing my way through the crowd, ducking and sliding through the mass of bodies cramped into the small space. As I got closer to the kitchen, the space became less cramped, and I was able to walk through the passage to the kitchen like a normal person. The kitchen was relatively clean for a party, with, surprisingly, nothing liquid spilt on the floor. It had an island in the middle of the room, where the drinks and snacks were and, behind that, was the fridge, sink and the cabinets. There were a few girls talking over the crisps on the kitchen island, wearing slutty dresses, the kind that came up to only just below their vaginas. There was a boy standing on the side of the counter, clutching his head and moaning while his friend rifled through the fridge. There was some blood trailing down the boy's head from some wound underneath his hand, and he was yelling at his friend to hurry up, although he slurred his words drunkenly so it sounded like he was calling for his friend to \"curry op\". I made my way to the opposite side of the island as to where the girls were standing; using the already open huge bottle of coke to pour some more drink into my cup. As I was holding the bottle over my cup, the hurt boy's friend closed the fridge door, hand grasping a bad of frozen baby carrots, and turned so I could see his face. \" Dean .\" I said almost subconsciously. The coke bottle slipped out of my grip and I grabbed it before it fell to the floor, but the damage was already done. The coke poured out of the bottle's mouth, spilling all over the floor. The girls from the other side of the island laughed, that drunk mean-girl laugh, before leaving the kitchen together, one of them yelling \"Moron!\" as they left. Dean looked up at me, bewilderment mirroring my own at seeing each other. I don't know why we were so surprised. I mean, we had seen each other at this party earlier. I guess it was because then there had been a hundred people between us and it was in a loud and very public place. Now it was so much more secluded, and I hadn't had time to mentally prepare. We were so close, I could take one step and I would be close enough to kiss him. \"Shit.\" I said, placing the coke bottle next to my cup on the island and looking down at the mess I had made. There goes that clean kitchen. I shot down, grabbing a handful of napkins as I went to fix the mess I made. \"Here, let me\" Dean said, finding a roll of paper towels on the counter. He crouched down next to me. I had started dabbing at the soda with my napkins but it wasn't really helping. I pulled all the wet napkins into a pile. Dean ripped off a handful of paper towels and handed them to me, before ripping off some of his own. The music was still pumping in the background but the space between us felt silent as we got to work, filled with all the things we weren't saying. We were so close that I could smell the vodka on his breath. I watched his hands as they tried to get the last of the coke off the floor, then my vision trailed up his body until I dared myself to look at his eyes. Dean was concentrating on the work at hand, staring a hole into the paper towels as he cleaned up my mess. I had forgotten how attractive he was. Startled at myself, I swiftly looked away. I stood up and, holding the pile of dripping paper towels in one hand, I looked around the kitchen for the bin. Finding it, I dropped the paper towels in, and turned back towards the sink. \"Crap.\" I cried out, jumping back from Dean's looming presence right in front of me. I hadn't even heard him stand up. \"Sorry.\" He shrugged, with a tone that suggested he wasn't sorry at all. He leaned his arm around me and put his pile of paper towels in the bin before turning away from me to go wash his hands in the sink. My body felt deflated once Dean's body left the close proximity of mine. My heart was thumping in my chest and my body was longing for his. I hated that my body was betraying me, that it wanted Dean when I knew it wasn't right. Still, I followed Dean to the sink, not wanting him to think I was going to wait for him to be done before washing the sticky coke residue off my own hands. I didn't want him to think that he had the upper hand, that I couldn't even wash my hands in the same sink as him. He smirked slightly when I came up next to him, such a small one that I wasn't sure if I had actually seen it or not. I reached for the soap but it slipped from my hands. Dean grabbed it before it hit the bottom of the sink and said, \"Here, let me. You are clearly too drunk to hold anything.\" and reached out for one of my hands. \"I'm not drunk.\" I protested moving my hands away from his, but he took hold of my hand anyway. My mouth was on the brink of exclaiming another protest but when he held my hand I just couldn't. My body sparked at his touch, as if he was water and I was dying of thirst. It had been so long since I'd even been this close to Dean. Dean washed my hands carefully, taking his time, going through all of my fingers. This version of him was so far removed from the grouchy, stiff Dean I had seen just moments ago. I think he wanted to make it last as long as possible. So did I. It was as if there was a fog on my mind. All I could think about was his touch, even though it was just on my hands. When he let my hands go, my face fell, and I looked away from him, too afraid that my face would reveal everything to him. I didn't want him in my life. It was just too complicated, too messy. I could feel Dean's eyes on me and I was glad that my hair mostly covered my face. There was a soap bubble in the sink, and I gave it all my attention, willing Dean to leave and go attend to his friend, who had now passed out on the island. Suddenly, Dean's hands were back. They raked the hair out of my face and tucked it behind my ears. I looked up at him, vulnerable and unsure what to do. I hated that he could make me feel this way, but, mostly, I hated that I didn't hate that I felt this way with him. \"I've been wanting to do that all evening.\" He said, so quietly I wasn't sure if it was to me or to himself. I looked down, my face brightening at the attention, but I pushed it away. \"Go away, Dean.\" I whispered, unable to make the words any louder, forcing myself to think clearly again. Half of me was screaming not to push him away, but I forced those emotions down. Dean heard me, because he hands suddenly stopped and left my face. I looked up and saw Dean's eyes staring into mine. \"No\" He said, quietly and calmly. Dean caught me off guard. He couldn't say that. No. No. I wanted him to go. But I just stayed still, staring back at him, my eyes swirling with all my emotions. Dean took that as an acceptance and grabbed my waist, hauling me up onto the counter. We watched each other for a moment, before he swooped in and kissed me. My mouth opened at his touch and his tongue found mine. His tongue massaged mine, and I kissed him back. I twisted my legs around his back to pull him closer. My body ached for this, for him. The kiss deepened, and I moaned into his mouth. His hands were everywhere, touching me as if he had forgotten and was trying to remember. My hand came up to grasp his hair and Dean pulled me closer. My mind was foggy, and I all I could think about was this moment, being here with Dean. The kiss was electric, my whole body was responding to his, moving with him as he repositioned himself so he could fit closer to my body. We were pressed against each other, our tongues twisted together. His tongue tasted of vodka and cherries, and his tongue felt different and familiar all at the same time. I wanted to stay in that moment forever. Then someone in another room yelled \"Stephen!\" and I was pulled out of my trance so fast it was as if I had just been slapped. My eyes opened and I pushed Dean away from me as hard as I could, using all the strength I had in my arms. Dean stumbled before holding on to the island for support, confusion filling his eyes as the lust left them. \"I told you no, Dean.\" I jumped down from the counter and slapped him right across the face. I was angry and ashamed at myself for giving in to him, for letting myself be taken away, especially with Stephen just outside. I mean, it wasn't as if we were officially dating, but I still couldn't do this to him. \"But I…\" Dean started, sounding apologetic. \"No, Dean.\" I said, my face empty of emotions. \"I'm sorry, but, please, just leave me alone. I don't want you anymore. You don't fit in my life.\" I tried to feel glad that I had finally made a decision on the Dean front, but I now felt hollow inside. Looking up at Dean's stormy expression, the knots in my stomach tightened, and I felt uneasy. I wanted to take back my last remark. I wanted him to come and kiss me again and say something, anything, which could make me change my mind. Dean's expression changed, like he had put a wall between me and his emotions. His face showed me nothing; I couldn't tell what he was thinking. \"Fine. Sorry I acted that way.\" He said, as plainly as if he was telling me the weather, \"Don't worry. It will never happen again.\" I wanted to kick the wall. I wanted to run up to him and apologize and tell him that we could be together. But I didn't. I just stood there and watched him leave. I felt myself sinking with every step he took away from me, but I couldn't make myself move. My feet were stuck in their position and it was only after Dean's friend grunted in his sleep, after moments of the door shutting after Dean left, that I managed to walk away and leave the disaster that seemed to remain in the air of the kitchen. Dean's POV I knew I shouldn't have. I knew I should've walked away when she told me to, but I couldn't. I don't know why, but I had to stay, I had to stay with her a bit longer. I was desperately grasping at the fragile ends of our relationship and coming out with noting more than a few pieces of ruined moments. God. I had been so stupid. I knew . I had seen her, happy with her new life. She had moved on. I guess I just hadn't wanted to believe it. Well, there was no choice now. I had always thought, in some small part of me, that she was just waiting for me. When I kissed her, she kissed me back. I felt her lean in, her legs wrap around me. Maybe I was drunk. Maybe I had misread the signals. I had only had one cup of vodka mixed with cherryade, but maybe those months on the island had made me a lightweight. I was so stupid. How could I ever think she wanted to get back with me? Why, when she had this perfect life? She wouldn't. A twinge of guilt grabbed me as I remembered that I left Arthur in there. I hoped his head was ok. He had tripped over his own feet and smacked his head against the concrete of the sidewalk in front of Tommy's house. He hadn't been able to find Rowan, and had gotten himself wasted thinking she stood him up. She actually hadn't, but by the time we spotted her Arthur was already really drunk and bleeding, so we went in the opposite direction and towards the kitchen. But I just couldn't go back in that room to retrieve him, I couldn't face Emma. She had said no. Why hadn't I just listened? I was so frustrated with myself. I grabbed another beer off the counter and chugged it as fast as possible, wanting the memories of tonight to become a distant blur. I spent the next portion of the night like this, drinking as much as I could, more when I saw Emma getting chummy with Stephen. Didn't he cheat on her at the carnival all those months ago? It seemed like a lifetime ago now, but it still counted, right? I looked away from them and walked out of the room they were in. In this room, I stood to the side again, looking out to see if there were any more drinks left. I wasn't drunk yet, just tipsy enough that it took me a second to recognize people's faces. Someone was laughing too loudly in the middle of the room. Someone else was near me, freaking out to a friend that they had heard someone, a neighbour he thinks, call the police. Another girl was yelling for a twerk competition to happen, which no one responded to. That's when I saw Patrick cornering some girl, small with blonde hair, most likely a freshman, who was drunk out of her mind. Patrick had her positioned so her face was covered by his back, and you could tell he was trying to get with her, or, more likely, in her. She kept repeating that she just wanted to go to sleep, that she wanted to go to bed. Patrick was agreeing, saying yeah, I'll take you to bed. The girl seemed to be trying to push him away, but Patrick wasn't backing down. I looked around, but no one except for Patrick's sleazy friends, who were just egging him on, seemed to notice or care. \"Oh, I'm going to regret this.\" I said, before downing the rest of my drink and heading over to Patrick and the girl. Patrick had always been good to me, but I couldn't just stand by and watch this happen. I had some morals. \"Hey, Patrick\" I said, shaking his shoulder. \"Hey, man, it's cool, I'll take her home.\" Patrick glared at me and shrugged my arm off his shoulder. \"Dude, leave. She's mine.\" He said, before turning back to the girl. \"Patrick, come on. She's drunk out of her mind. Let me walk her home.\" I said again. At this point I could see her face and I recognized Hannah Greenfield, the girl who had been so welcoming at the start of the party. \"Are we going to have a problem here, Dean?\" Patrick turned to face me, standing up straight showing off his huge frame. As if I needed a reminder. \"Listen, just leave her alone.\" I said, ignoring his question and trying to look as if this was all one big joke, \"I mean, I wouldn't want her to puke all over you, which it looks like she's going to do.\" I reached an arm out to hold the girl but Patrick pushed it away. A crowd had started to gather around us, drunk eyes stalking our every move, eager for a fight to break out. \"I'm not going to leave her alone.\" Patrick said, his voice low and threatening. \"Okay, okay.\" I said, putting my hands up as a sign for backing down. Then, as Patrick turned to go corner the girl again, I punched him square in the jaw as hard as I could. If it wasn't Hannah, if it wasn't someone I knew, I'm not sure I wouldv'e done it. But it was Hannah, and I couldn't just leave her there. There was a sudden silence in the room, a pause that seemed to last a thousand seconds instead of one. Patrick's hand went to his face, before anger filled his eyes and he formed a fist with his own hand to punch me back, right in the face. The blow made me stumble back, and my hesitation got me another punch, in the stomach this time. \"Fight! Fight! Fight!\" The line chorused from behind me, the crowd having grown three times in size. I was losing this fight, but I could still bring it back. Patrick swung toward me again, but this time I ducked, and I rammed into his chest, knocking him against the wall. I kicked up my knee to try and knee him in the groin, but he was too fast and he grabbed my knee before I could hurt him. He twisted my leg and forced me to twist my body with it, making me leave my back to Patrick. Patrick took this opportunity to kick me in the back, as hard as he could. I tumbled forward, falling against the crowd and knocking some of their phones to the ground, phones which they were holding up to record this fight. Patrick laughed behind me, and said \"You should back down now island boy. Before I really hurt you.\" The crowd cheered with him, and I turned around and punched him again, winding him. I had become so much stronger and faster on the island, and I was done holding back. Patrick got back up and took a swing at me again. I ducked, but a little too late, and Patrick caught the side of my eye. It hurt like hell, but I kept going. Patrick and I fought like this for a few more moments, more or less on equal grounds with each other. In the background I could see the crowd thinning out, but I was too concentrated on the fight. I didn't even know the police had arrived until one of them was pulling me off Patrick. \"Alright. That's enough, sons. It's over!\" Another policeman was holding Patrick down, while a policewoman stood in between us, yelling at us over the music. Someone in the back turned off the music. Now the policewoman could speak at a normal volume, she started reading off our rights to us. \"What are you doing?\" Patrick yelled over the policewoman's speech, that she spoke in a bored tone. \"Why are you reading us our rights? We're not going to prison!\" He yelled. \"Oh, but you are, boy. This right here, this is assault, and it's a criminal offense. You'll both be in the slammer tonight.\" The policeman holding Patrick made no attempt to hide the glee in his voice. The policewoman finished reading us our rights and then the policemen handcuffed our hands behind out backs. As this was happening, the flashes of pictures being taken of us came in their hundreds. The crowd was laughing, and taking pictures of us in our best angle I'm sure. I can't wait to see this picture in the yearbook. My skateboard was still in Tommy's neighbour's yard, and I wanted to call out for someone to go get it, but I had a feeling whoever went to go get it would never bring it back. As we were walked out I thought I saw Emma watching me, an expression I couldn't read on her face, but when I turned to look at her, she had already disappeared into the crowd. I know, I did Dean's POV twice. Sorry! I just thought that this chapter needed it. Well I hope you liked this chapter. I'll update by Halloween so stay posted peeps![Chapter 4] Isolated chapter 4 Emma's POV I shouldn't be surprised. I mean, everyone referred to Dean as 'the criminal' anyway. I guess him getting arrested just proved them right. Then why did it feel so wrong. Ugh. Stop being so stupid. This is the real Dean, not the Dean on the island. It's like they are two different people. Real Dean was here, in the real world. And here, Dean and I were completely different people, with different paths in life. I was applying to Princeton, and he was going 'no where fast' as Lizzie would put it. I just can't believe he got arrested. Stop obsessing. I stood at the side, watching the aftermath of the police-raid at the party, waiting for Stephen to come and drive me home. As my eyes followed Steven while he said bye to his football mates, I wondered if I would ever feel for Steven what I thought I had felt on the island. It was a depressing thought, but one I worried about often. I am so afraid of never feeling the way I did on the island. People say that you need to get lost once in a while to find your true path again, but what if you felt safer, and more at home while you were lost then when you are actually back on your path. I've started questioning things a lot. I know it will come to no good, especially when sometimes I don't think I even want to know the answers to my own questions. So I just put them in a box in my mind, something that I will open when it's the right time. \"Hey Jude, can I hit-\" I was about to ask Jude if she could drive me back to Lizzie's, because Stephen didn't look like he wanted to leave anytime soon, but before I could finish Jude started laughing and singing 'Hey Jude' at the top of her lungs. I sighed, and walked Jude over to the nearest armchair so she could sleep off her drunkenness. She was still laughing when I left her. I walked over to Stephen and asked him if I could talk to him really quickly. \"Hey, Emma, I'll be done soon. I promise\" Stephen said, with that easy-going smile that meant he knew he could get away with it. I frowned, \"I really need to get back to Lizzie's. She said she'd wait up for me, I don't want to keep her waiting.\" \"C'mon, Ems.\" He said, flicking me gently on the chin. \"I just need a few more minutes.\" \"No, Stephen\" I said, my voice resigned, \"I need to leave. You know what, it's fine, I'll catch a ride with someone else.\" Stephen looked back at his friends with a longing gaze, but then shook his head and smiled confidently back at me. \"No, no. Everyone's gone, and, besides, I can't let my girl walk 40 blocks alone at this hour.\" He said. I smiled slightly at the 'my girl' comment, I liked feeling like I belonged somewhere. Being the girlfriend of a football player made me feel more normal. Stephen grabbed his bag and said goodbye to his friends, for real this time. Most of my friends had left now, so I just said bye to Tommy and left with Stephen. Stephen's car was warm compared to the outside air, especially in my thin dress, and I settled down in my seat, watching the black world pass me by. The good thing about living in a small town is that everything goes quiet after 9pm. It's peaceful. Stephen talked as he drove and I tried to listen, but I was really tired and I didn't feel that well. \"And did you see that loser picking a fight with Patrick? I mean, you can't be that stupid. Patrick was like ten times the size of him.\" Stephen continues. My ears perked up at the mention of the fight. \"You mean Dean?\" I asked, turning to look at Stephen \"Yeah. I almost forgot you guys were on that island together.\" Stephen says with an easy smile towards me, as if he hadn't said anything wrong earlier, \"I mean, I knew you were, but I always forget about Dean.\" Stephen sees my hurt face and stops the car. \"Hey, hey, I'm sorry for bringing up the island. I know it must have sucked to be stuck there with that freak.\" Stephen said. I don't know which one I was more surprised at – the fact that Stephen thought that I was upset because of Dean or that Stephen thought he was actually making things better by insulting him. But whatever, I told myself, I didn't care about Dean anyway. Stephen stroked my face, and my eyes met his. Then he leaned across the car and kissed me. The kiss was wet and the taste of cigarettes almost made me gag, not that Stephen noticed, he was too drunk. It was only then, after I stopped our slobbery kiss, that I realized how drunk Stephen actually was. \"Stephen.\" I said, \"I don't think you should drive anymore. How much did you have to drink?\" \"Not much.\" He replied, \"Don't worry, I can drive.\" Stephen moved in to kiss me again but I backed away. \"Seriously, Stephen. I really don't think you should be driving.\" Stephen's face hardened. \"I can drive fine. I don't need you telling me what I can and cannot do, you can't even drive yet anyway. Just shut up, Emma.\" Stephen said, kissing me again. I pushed him away this time. \"I'm not staying in this car if you're going to drive.\" I said. \"Fine. Have a nice walk home.\" Stephen said, opening the door on my side. \"Fine!\" I said, grabbing my bag and jumping out of the door. Stephen sped off, leaving me alone on a dark residential street. In all my frustration I had not realized that I didn't really know where I was. \"Shit.\" I said out loud to no one. Looking around, I realized that this did not seem like the safest neighborhood to be in at night. There were bungalows with wire fencing that had cigarette butts cascaded over the lawn, and cars with masking tape on them to keep the windows shut. Something loud came from a street down and I nearly jumped out of my skin. God, I needed to get out of this place. My mind started worrying about all kinds of situations that ended up with me dead. Oh, why was I doing this to myself. Nothing ever happens in real life, I wasn't going to die today. Even though my mind was telling me that there was no logical way anything would happen tonight, my body was totally freaked out. I started speed walking down the road, in the direction Stephen sped off to, hoping I was going the right way. I'd been to Lizzie's house so many times I couldn't count, but it was always from my house, which was on the opposite side of town. I never really went to this part of town; none of my friends lived here. Well, none of my close friends. When I heard another sound from somewhere closer to me than last time, I started running. I know it was probably just a cat or a dumpster falling over but it still freaked me out. I ran up the road and turned the corner where I saw Stephen's car turn. As I was turning the corner, a car alarm went off in the opposite direction and I turned my head to see where it was while still running. Suddenly I crashed into a broad body. I screamed and pushed the person away. \"Hey, hey.\" The guy said, his voice low and calming. \"I have pepper spray, okay? So don't get any ideas.\" I said, grabbing the spray from my purse and holding it up as a form of defense, albeit a small one. Then I looked up to see a guy who looked like he was in his late teens or early 20s. He had a cheeky smile on his face that seemed like he thought my pepper spray was funny. \"Calm down, cowgirl. I'm not going to hurt you.\" He said, eyes sparkling with laughter. \"Okay.\" I said wearily, taking my arm down and putting my pepper spray in my pocket, not totally convinced. His eyes drank me in, and then he said, \"Hey, do I know you from somewhere? Your face seems familiar.\" \"No. I don't think we've met.\" I said. \"You're probably right, I mean, you're not from around here, are you?\" He asked. \"No, not really. What gave it away?\" I asked. \"Apart from the pepper spray? You screamed when you bumped into me, not generally what people do when they're in a familiar place.\" He said. \"You got me. How about you, are you from here?\" I asked. \"Yeah, I'm just coming back from my shift at the Jamba Juice on Heath Road. Why are you wondering around an unfamiliar neighborhood after midnight? Do you love getting scared or something?\" He asked. \"No.\" I said stubbornly, \"My boyf- um, guy-type-friend left me on the side of the road and know I'm a little lost.\" He laughed. \"Well, cutie, you're 'guy-type-friend' sounds kind of like an asshole, no offense.\" He said, raising his eyebrows when he said 'guy-type-friend' as if the phrase was hilarious. I shook my head but smiled despite myself, biting my lip to try and stop it. \"Well, offense taken. You don't even know him, or me.\" I said. \"In fact, I don't even know why I'm talking to you, I don't even know your name. Goodbye, stranger.\" I said and started walking away from him. \"I thought you were lost; or do you want to end up in an even worse neighborhood, which is where you are headed.\" The guy smiled knowingly, like he was so much wiser than me. \"Okay wiseass, how do I get to the East side, and please don't say head in the East direction.\" I said, walking back towards him. \"It's this way\", he said, pointing in the opposite direction. \"I just follow this road down?\" I asked, pointing in the same direction he had. \"Yep. Do you want me to walk you there?\" He asked. \"A tall dark stranger walking me home. Isn't that the plot to a horror movie I've seen?\" I said. The guy smiled at that, and looked at me like he liked what he saw. \"Probably.\" He said, \"If I promise not to chop you up into little pieces, will you say yes?\" I smiled at him, but didn't say anything. \"I promise to protect you with all my might. I'll get you home safe, and then I'll leave you alone, I promise.\" He said, giving out his hand for me to shake. I thought about it for a few seconds, but I didn't really see any other options. \"Fine, but just so you know, my parents know I'll be home by 3am so they'll be out looking for me.\" I said, shaking his hand. \"Deal.\" He said. He pulled me closer to him, and I was surprised to find that I liked it. \"Let's just stick to the walking.\" I said, moving out of his grip. \"Ok.\" He said, and started walking beside me. We walked for about 20 minutes until we got to Lizzie's house. The guy's name was Kai, and he was 19 and saving up for university. I told him my name was Jenny, not wanting to tell him my real name in case he actually was some crazy freak. \"Alright, this is my stop.\" I said, as we stood outside Lizzie's house. \"So soon?\" Kai smiled, \"Well, I hope to see you again some time, Jenny.\" \"Maybe\" I said, smiling as I turned up Lizzie's drive. I walked up to Lizzie's door and got the spare key out of the doormat. Lizzie's house was like my second home, so I knew this place pretty much back to front. I opened the door and climbed upstairs. I creaked open Lizzie's door, and saw her snoring on her bed. I smiled to myself, liking seeing my best friend so calm, so different to her upbeat usual self. I liked being able to see her like this, it made me feel special. I grabbed the spare duvet and climbed into the spare bed. The second my head hit the pillow I fell asleep. Dean's POV The police took Patrick and me to the police station. Patrick had yelled the whole way that his dad was a lawyer and that they couldn't arrest us for this. I just stayed quiet and watched the world pass us by through the window. This wasn't what was supposed to happen. I was supposed to keep my head low and ride out the gossip. Now there would be even more for them to talk about, for them to judge me for. When we got to the police station Patrick and I were taken to different areas and patted down. They found nothing on me, but I'm guessing otherwise for Patrick by the way he was yelling, \"That isn't mine! You can't prove anything, bitch! This is fucking ridiculous!\". I was placed in one of those interview rooms like you see on crime dramas on TV. One wall was mounted with a huge mirror, almost definitely double-sided, though I didn't know why they would need that in a small town. There must be more going on than I thought. The policeman who brought me in was called Officer Adamson, and he sat me down roughly. \"We're going to need you to answer a few questions and if you try any of that shit your friend just pulled I will make sure you rot in a cell for a week.\" He said. I stayed silent, my eyes staring back at him. \"Alright. What is your full name?\" He asked. I remained silent. I didn't want to tell him who I was, not only because of the possible charges, but because as soon as anyone heard the name McMullen, they automatically judged you as being the \"spoilt, rich kid\", and in this situation, I didn't want them to be right. I was hoping if I didn't talk they would just let me go. I know it was stupid, but I didn't want to be judged anymore. And I didn't want a criminal record. \"Do you want to make this harder on yourself? Because we can drag this out. I have all night. Eventually, you are going to have to tell me your name. Why don't you do everyone a favour and tell us now.\" I continued meeting his gaze but not saying anything. After about a minute Officer Adamson jumped up, so suddenly I jumped inside. \"Alright, listen here you little bastard.\" He said coming up close to me. \"I can easily get your friend in the other room to tell me, but I'm going to let you tell me. What. Is. Your. Name? This is the easiest fucking question. You little pricks think the law doesn't apply to you because you're young and free. Well here's reality, ready to fuck your brains out. You better stat cooperating or I'll start to get angry, and you don't want to see me when I'm angry.\" Adamson moved up right next to my ear, \"Because I'll rip your fucking neck out.\" \"You're a fucking psychopath.\" I said \"Oh, so you do speak.\" He shouted. \"Good.\" \"Name.\" He said. I didn't say anything again, but this time I didn't meet his eyes. Adamson slammed him hand down onto the table. \"Stephen Sullivan.\" I said. \"Stephen Sullivan, eh?\" Adamson said, with a menacing smile. \"Stephen Sullivan, the quarterback? Stephen Sullivan, Beatrice, my reception's, kid? The one who has been in the office to drop off cards for his mother? That Stephen Sullivan? No. I think you want to try again.\" \"My name is Dean McMullen.\" I said, not caring anymore. \"Of course. You're a McMullen. I should have guessed.\" Adamson replied. The rest of the meeting went similarly, until eventually I answered questions as soon as they were asked. The questions were generally about who had started the fight and why I had been there and if I had been drinking. Eventually, he left and told me to wait for more information. If I never saw Adamson again it would be too soon. After ten minutes of waiting, a policeman came in. This policeman seemed much friendlier than the policewoman earlier, and made me feel a bit more relaxed. \"So, Dean McMullen. This isn't a great situation to be in, is it?\" He said casually. \"Underage drinking, damage of property during a fist-fight. Wow, this just isn't your night, is it?\" I didn't say anything until the policeman looked over at me and lifted his eyebrows. \"No.\" I said, lifting my hands up in a shrugging motion, although it was quite small as my hands were chained to the table. The policeman turned away from me. \"Can someone please get these handcuffs off this kid.\" He called out to the hallway, before turning back to me and saying \"I mean, what do they think you're going to do?\" An old policeman, looking to be about seventy years old, walked in and slowly unlocked my handcuffs. \"Thanks, Shawn.\" The policeman said as the elderly policeman left. \"Now, I'm going to be honest with you, boy.\" The policeman said. \"My name is Dean.\" I said. \"You better lock up that attitude right now, boy, because this can go one of two ways, depending on how much I like you. The first way it can go is that you get off scot-free. To tell the truth, all of this shit is Hello Kitty. Hell, the only reason Melanie arrested you is because she saw you were in a fight with Patrick Renner. We know he's been dealing to kids at Jefferson and she's been dying to take him down for months. You? Well, you're just collateral damage. However, you were participating in underage drinking, which, as I'm sure you're aware, if illegal. I'm inclined to let you off with a warning, but you better stop this attitude, son.\" He said, his friendly composure lost. \"I don't have an attitude problem.\" I said, gritting my teeth. The policeman laughed humorlessly. \"There's no use lying about the colour of you hair, boy, because everyone can see it.\" \"I've never even heard that phrase before.\" I muttered. \"All right, son. You listen here, and you listen well. I am giving you a warning because I simply cannot be fucking bothered with the paperwork tonight. I have tried being nice to you, but if you keep this up you can spend all day in the slammer, or I can give you back to your good friend, Officer Adamson. So you better shut your pretty face up, and let me do my job.\" He said. I shut up. I didn't even know why I was aggravating him. Maybe I was still drunk, or maybe I just wanted to give in and be the person everyone thought I was. \"Sorry.\" I said. \"That's better.\" The policeman said. Eventually I got released, and was sent to wait on the chairs outside while they called my dad to come pick me up. I sat across from a guy who twitched every two seconds and smelled of vomit, and a couple seats down from a girl who looked about my age, studying something. After eyeing the drug addict up, I moved down to the chair next to the girl. She continued doing whatever work she was doing, listening to her ipod so I could hear a muffled version on the song. I glanced at the clock. It was 3:49am and I knew it would take my father at least 40 minutes to get here, that's a lot of time to kill. Bored, I glanced over at the work the girl was doing next to me. Turns out she wasn't doing any work, but was drawing instead. The girl was tracing the drug-addict sitting across from us, drawing the intricate details with exceptional skill. Well, I didn't know if it was exceptional, I didn't know anything about art, but it seemed pretty good. I was glancing to-and-fro from the drawing to the actual druggie to compare the two, so I didn't notice how close I was getting into this girl's personal space until I looked up and saw her staring at me, our face a couple centimeters apart. I held her stare for a second, watching her eyes, daring her to move away. She stayed still, studying me, waiting for me to move. Her headphones were still blaring music, but she wasn't listening. It was as if she didn't see me looking back at her, which I knew was impossible, but it was the way she was acting. It was as if I was a painting she was studying to draw herself, she was looking at everything about me. Nowadays everyone just looked through me, or just thought they saw me, when they weren't really looking. This girl was looking. I moved back, muttering \"Sorry\" as I did. The whole exchange lasted a few seconds. She looked at me for a moment longer before going back to her drawing. I still hadn't gotten my things back, including my phone, so I just clock-watched aimlessly. Finally I decided to make conversation. \"Hi\" I said, nudging her shoulder so she knew I was talking to her. Seemingly begrudgingly, the girl removed her earphones. \"Hi.\" She said. \"I'm Dean.\" I said, pulling my hand out for her to shake. She took it and said \"Logan.\" without smiling. \"Isn't that a boy's name?\" I said, smiling cheekily up at her. She smiled softly, \"Yeah, wishful thinking on my parent's part.\" I laughed. \"So why are you here in the middle of the night? Go to the same party I did?\" I asked, knowing from her schoolbooks that was probably a no. \"No, just… couldn't sleep.\" She said. \"Oh yeah, when I can't sleep I go to the police station as well. It relaxes me.\" I said, willing her to reveal more. \"Haha, no, uh, my dad works here.\" Logan said. \"So you come all this way, in the middle of the night, to visit him. Wow, you're a better kid than I am to my dad.\" I teased. \"Actually, I generally just come straight after school.\" She replied. \"What? So you've been here for over 10 hours?\" I asked. \"Yeah, I guess I just prefer it here to being at home alone.\" Logan said, before swiftly changing topics. \"So why are you here, Dean?\" When she said my name she elongated it. \"Just got busted at a party, I'm not a real criminal or anything, don't worry.\" I said, flashing her my charming grin. \"Don't worry. I wasn't.\" She said. \"Good.\" I said \"Because I have much worse paths in my future, I'm sure.\" \"Oh, you think you're such a badass, but all you are is talk. I've seen thousands of you here before and I will when you leave.\" Logan replied. \"Wow. Hey, hey, don't be so negative. We're all friends here.\" I said. \"Friends?\" Logan arched an eyebrow. \"I thought we were connecting, Logan. Don't you want to be my friend?\" I laughed softly. Logan laughed and started replying \"I-\". \"Logan!\" A voice called over, interrupting our conversation. I turned to see Officer Adamson striding towards us, his eyes locked on mine with anger. \"Logan, we're going home now.\" He said. No freaking way. \"Um, okay, Dad.\" Logan replied, quickly packing up her things. Logan stood up and followed her dad, Officer Adamson, out of the station. As she was walking she turned around and mouthed \"Yeah, friends.\" back to me. I watched her leave and then waited in silence for my own dad to pick me up. ","Summary":" Blue Lagoon: The Awakening AU. The same story as the movie; except they don't get back together at "},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"So Long Lagoon","Author":"CeCeB","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8649051","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own The Blue Lagoon or it's characters. The beginning pretty much sums up the the movie then it gets into the original part. Lost and Found Emmeline and Richard have been stuck in The Blue Lagoon for eight years. They were eight years old when they became stranded on the island with a drunken sailor named Paddy who actually turned out to be a pretty good parent but Paddy died about a year after being on the island. After Paddy died, Emmeline and Richard relocated to another part of the island. They were cousins and all they had was each became teenagers but still just as innocent as they were when they became stranded on the island but with becoming a teenager came puberty and hormones. Their relationship went from being best friends to lovers. They eventually unknowingly conceived a child, a boy who they named Paddy after the last person who took care of them. Nobody ever told them about the birds and the bees so they didn't know that 1+1= always hoped that his father would come for them one day, actually he knew he would but Emmeline had given up and didn't even want to be found. She was so used to their life she didn't see the point in changing it. In all the years they had been stranded on this island, they had never seen a ship until recently. They didn't even try to be rescued. Emmeline asked Richard to take her to where they had last seen Paddy and he did. Little Paddy was picking berries alone and then he put the berries in the boat without Emmeline noticing. She and Paddy eventually got in the boat and they began to drift in the ocean. Then Paddy through a paddle into the ocean. Emmeline noticed how far they had drifted off so she called for Richard to help. As soon as Richard got to them a shark appeared and Emmeline had to used the other paddle to stop the shark from hurting Richard. Richard got in the boat and they drifted and drifted some more. Then Emmeline noticed Paddy eating red berries, the same red berries she started to eat when they first landed on the island and Old Paddy warned her that she could die if she ate them. It was too late. Paddy had already swallowed some. He started falling asleep and they basically decided that they might as well all die together so Emmeline and Richard ate the berries a ship showed up again and the men on the boat noticed the boat drifting at sea. Four men got into a boat to meet the other. A man got into Emmeline and Richard's boat and an older man with white hair like Einstein asked, \"Are they dead?\" The man in the boat checked their pulses and replied, \"No, just sleeping.\" The older man then climbed into the boat. He just looked at them and studied their faces. He stroked their hair and wondered, \"Could it be them?\" Suddenly, Emmeline and Richard woke up, a bit surprised to even be awake and even more surprised to see people standing over them. Richard stared at the older man for a few seconds then a smile came across his face. \"Father?\" Richard questioned excitedly. \"Richard?\" The old man questioned. \"Father, it is you!\" Richard hugged him. \"I knew you'd find us!\" \"Uncle Arthur?\" Emmeline then questioned. \"It's him Em! It's him! I told you he'd come!\" Richard exclaimed. Paddy then woke up from all the excitement. \"Paddy, you're alive!\" Emmeline exclaimed. \"We're all alive.\" \"Now, who might this be?\" Arthur asked hoping it wasn't what it looked liked. \"He's our son.\" Emmeline replied. Arthur looked at the other men. \"... Ok. Well, after all these years I think it's about time we get you both home, wouldn't you two agree?\" \"We finally get to go home!\" Richard exclaimed. \"Yes, yes you do. Oh how I have missed you both so.\" Arthur said. \"I've missed you every day, father. I never want to go another day without you again.\" Richard said. Arthur smiled. \"Let's get them to the ship.\" \"Wait. Can we go back to the island one last time before we go? There are just some things I would like to take with with me.\" Emmeline asked. \"Sure... I don't see why not.\" Though, Arthur couldn't understand why she would want to remember this place after being stranded for so long but it was no problem. He was just so happy to have found them.[Chapter 2] Saying Goodbye Emmeline, Richard, Paddy and Arthur got off the boat. As they stood in front of the house that Emmeline and Richard had built from sticks, Arthur was amazed. He couldn't believe that they had built this house all on their own and that they were living here all this time. Arthur continued to stare at the house in aw as Emmeline and Richard began to walk toward it with Paddy. Richard stopped. \"Father! Aren't you coming?\" Richard asked. He was so happy and although he looked a bit different and a lot older, Arthur could still see that little boy vibrate through his persona. Arthur followed the young ones into the only home they've known for so long. After entering, he was even more amazed. It was simply magnificent for a house made out of sticks by two teenagers who knew nothing about architecture and had the schooling of an eight year old. Emmeline and Richard went through the house and packed things they wanted to keep. Richard excitedly showed Arthur some of the things they had made while on the island and things they have accumulated. He had lots of stories to tell him and was bursting with excitement. Arthur was surprised that they weren't totally miserable being stranded here for so long but then he stopped and looked around the house and then gazed outside. He realized that though the situation was not ideal, Emmeline and Richard only knew to make the best out of a situation and all they saw was the beauty of it. It did give Arthur just a bit of peace to know that they were a bit happy but he couldn't wait to take them home. He had been looking for them for so long. There's just one thing that bothered him since he got the three off the boat, Paddy. \"What happened to Paddy?\" Arthur asked. \"Paddy... he died a year after we got here. That's why we named Paddy after him.\" Richard explained. \"And Paddy, he's your and Emmeline's son?\" Arthur asked. \"Well of course!\" Richard exclaimed. \"Hmmm...\" \"Emmeline came down to the first floor of their house with an arm full of things she wanted to take with her and then went back up for the trunk that they've had since they've landed on the island. It meant a lot to them. Richard walked over to Emmeline whom he notices wasn't quite as excited as he. \"Em, what's the matter, aren't you happy?\" Richard asked. \"I guess...yeah...but I'm going to to miss this place. It's home and everything is going to be different.\" Emmeline replied. \"It's ok, Em. Any place is home as long as we're all together.\" They hugged. \"Do we have everything?\" Arthur asked. \"Looks like it!\" Richard exclaimed. \"Shall we depart?\" Arthur asked. \"Yeah.\" Richard replied. \"Let's go, Paddy.\" Emmeline said. The men who came with Arthur came in grabbed their things and took them to the boat, Arthur, Richard, Emmeline and Paddy followed. Once they were far enough away from the house to get a good look, Emmeline and Richard stopped and stared as if to get one last mental picture. Then they continued walking toward the boat. Emmeline stopped again to put her feet in the beautiful sea one last time. Richard followed Emmeline with Paddy. Emmeline splashed water on them then Richard splashed back. They began a water fight then fell in the water together and then hugged each other. \"I guess we should go, now.\" Emmeline said. Richard helped Emmeline and Paddy up then they got on the boat with everyone else. Finally, they sailed away from their home. \"Goodbye.\" Emmeline and Richard said in unison as they waved. \"Bye, bye!\" Paddy said, following his parents' actions. I truly appreciate the reviews and it is honestly a motivator. Hope you all enjoy.[Chapter 3] Saying Hello It was a long ride to San Francisco but they finally arrived. The journey there was most fascinating to Richard, Emmeline and Paddy. It had been so long since Richard and Em had seen anything else other than the island, they had almost forgotten what anything else looked like. For Paddy everything was new. He was doing everything to fight sleep so that he could see all of the new arrived at a big beautiful home. They entered with big eyes, looked around the first floor of the house and then Arthur showed them to their rooms. \"We have to set up a room for Paddy. I'll have Analisa shop for him tomorrow.\" Arthur stated. \"Then again, we need to get clothing for all of you so maybe we all should go, until then Paddy can sleep here with you, Emmeline. I'll be downstairs if you need me.\" Arthur left. \"Em, Paddy, say hello to our new home.\" Richard said. The next day they went shopping. Emmeline was finally trying to get used to this new life but in one day she could already tell different everything was going to be. Suddenly, she was being supervised and parented like she hadn't been since she was nine years old. On one hand she kind of liked it but on the other hand she it annoyed her. She's been on her own since she was nine and had done fine but then again the city isn't anything like the island but if their was one thing she knew how to do, it was survive and you have to do that no matter where you and Richard couldn't help their childlike ways. It was just apart of who they are. People would stare at them, they didn't act like the other teenagers around but like children and being judged was just something Em and Richard were not used to. Hearing Paddy call Em, \"Mama,\" caused for more stares. \"Father, why does everyone stare at us?\" Richard asked innocently. \"Just ignore them son.\" Arthur replied. Emmeline picked up a dress, put it up to her and looked in a near by mirror. \"This is so pretty!\" Emmeline exclaimed. \"Can I have it Uncle Arthur, please?\" \"Whatever you want, Emmeline. You all need an entire wardrobe.\" Arthur replied. After getting clothes for the three, they went out for lunch. They looked around at what people were eating around them. There was so much to choose from. They saw so much that they hadn't eaten in years. After years of a strictly fish and fruit diet, they were in food heaven. \"What should we choose?\" Emmeline asked. \"I don't know! There's so much to choose from!\" Richard exclaimed. \"Just try something, the next time you can try something different. Besides, we're going to have an amazing dinner tonight.\" Arthur said. They ordered hamburgers and french fries. They loved it but their bodies weren't used to such foods. It didn't quite agree with them. \"Perhaps we should start slowly. It will take some time to get used to all these foods again.\" Arthur said. That night they all gathered in the living room. \"We have clothes and rooms, what's next?\" Richard asked. \"You must start school soon.\" Arthur informed. \"School?\" Emmeline asked. \"Yes. Problem is you both haven't been in school since the second grade, I'm afraid you're very much behind. It will take much longer for you both to finish. Analisa will tutor you for a while.\" \"She cleans and teaches too?\" Richard asked surprised. \"...There's something I must tell you two.\" Arthur said. \"What is it, father?\" Richard asked. \"Analisa is not the maid, she's- she's my wife.\" Arthur said. \"Wife? You mean like Em is my wife?\" Richard asked. \"Uh...not exactly. See, Analisa and I are married, we have been for three years.\" Arthur said. \"We're married.\" Richard said. \"This is going o be harder than I thought.\" Arthur thought to himsel[Chapter 4] Growing Up Emmeline, Richard and Paddy had been in San Francisco for over a month now. Paddy was beginning to adjust to his new environment but it was going to take Emmeline and Richard a bit longer though they had lived this life before. It was hard to get used to being told what to do, how to do it and not being able to sleep in the same room together. It was strange being in such a different environment and as much as they loved their new clothes sometimes they just wanted to rip them off and be free. They had missed Arthur for so many years but it's all put a strain on their relationship with him. Em and Richard accepted Arthur's marriage to Analisa but they couldn't understand why Arthur couldn't accept their marriage. Emmeline and Richard played hide and seek out in the front yard. They began to realize that teens and adults in the neighborhood were looking at them strangely and they couldn't understand why. The neighbors weren't used to seeing teenagers act so childishly. A few weeks later Emmeline and Analisa were talking in the living room. \"Emmeline, you should get to know the other girls in the neighborhood.\" Analisa said. \"I don't think they like me very much.\" Emmeline replied. \"Nonsense, they don't even know you. You're such a lovely girl. I'm sure if they met you they would love you. I'm having tea with Mrs. Jones next door, her daughter will be there and she's just a little younger than you are. You should join us.\" \"I don't know.\" \"Please.\" Emmeline agreed to join Analisa and the Jones' for tea. She found herself alone with the Jones' daughter, Minnie. It was silent, Em was looking down at her shoes and Minnie was staring at Em. \"You're not from around here, are you?\" Minnie asked. \"No.\" Emmeline replied. \"Why do you ask?\" \"You don't act like the rest of us.\" \"How am I supposed to act?\" \"You're NOT supposed to act like you're in elementary school.\" Emmeline felt insulted and a bit hurt. She just went silent and sipped her tea. -v- Meanwhile, Richard had been playing with Paddy all night and had just put him to bed. Now that he was free, Arthur wanted him to practice his reading. Arthur wanted so badly for Richard and Emmeline to catch up to other teens their age as far as their education. He hated that they were so far behind. In just a few years they would be eighteen but nowhere near able to take care of themselves. Well maybe they could technically take care of themselves, throw them in a jungle with a bunch of normal teens and Em and Richard would probably be the only ones to survive but they can't get a job or really manage in the real world. All Arthur ever wanted to do was find them but he didn't realize how complicated it would be after they had been away for so long. Arthur had Richard read a sixth grade level book even though he was on a third grade level. It was frustrating to Richard and he was ready to give up enough times but Arthur kept pushing him and he slowly made progress. Analisa had been working with Em and Richard diligently on their education so they were already a lot further along from where they started, however, Emmeline was picking it up a bit faster. Over the course of months, Richard realized that if he just focused hard enough he could be as smart and knowledgeable as he wanted to be, needed to be. Once Richard came to that realization, all he did was study, study, study, take care of his precious Paddy and try to give his affection to Emmeline but over the months, as Richard was becoming more focus, trying to become more like his father, despite their differences, Emmeline was changing in other ways. She was losing her focus in education, in him and was becoming distant. She still took care of Paddy but she wasn't as attentive as she had always been. Lately, Em had made a lot of new girl friends in the neighborhood and spending a lot of time with them. She was becoming a word she and Richard had just learned, rebellious. She was becoming a person Richard didn't even know. Richard and Emmeline may not have had much education but there was something else they knew besides how to survive and that was being there for each other. It seemed Emmeline had forgotten that part. They wanted her to act like a normal teenager, well it looked like they got their wish. Emmeline sneaked out the house late one night to be with her friends. They went to the lake. Emmeline loved every opportunity to be near water. She went to be with her girl friends but some guys had shown up too. She had met all these guys a number of times before and one in particular took great interest in her but until now she had tried to ignore the fact that she was attracted to the guy, after all she did remember making some vows to Richard. She began to feel though that she was young and after being stuck with one person for years on end, maybe she shouldn't make any final decisions. How could she resist this guy's charm? His name was Renny, he had curly dark brown hair which set off his beautiful green eyes. She noticed her friends undressing, she was caught off guard by their actions. \"What are you guys doing?\" Emmeline asked. \"Skinny dipping!\" Minnie exclaimed. \"Skinny dipping?\" Emmeline echoed in confusion. \"Yeah! Jumping into the lake in the nude silly.\" Minnie replied. The teens were wild for the time. They had such conservative parents, they would be appalled if they knew what they were doing. Emmeline was thinking, this was finally a chance to be free! \"Are you in?\" Renny asked. \"Yeah!\"Emmeline exclaimed as she undressed and joined her friends. Renny jumped in too. She had never seen another naked boy before. \"You have a body of protection... Where are you from?\" Renny asked. \"I grew up on an island far from here. It was more beautiful than you could ever imagine.\" \"It must've been a dream to grow up in a such a place.\" \"Yeah it was mostly.\" \"Were the women on the island as beautiful as you because I've surely never seen such beauty in my lifetime?\" Emmeline blushed. Renny used the opportunity to kiss her. Emmeline was beginning to lose herself in the kiss then Renny began to let his hands roam her body. He started at her waist and slowly made his way up to her breasts but just as he was almost close enough to touch them, it seemed Emmeline instantly snapped back to reality. No one had ever touched her that way other than Richard... they had a son, maybe she should keep it that way. \"I'm sorry. Maybe this is wrong, I don't know.\" Emmeline said. \"It's all right.\" Renny replied. \"I'm not so sure... Maybe kissing you is wrong, maybe being here at all is wrong. I just want to go home.\" Emmeline turned to get out of the lake but Renny grabbed her arm harshly. \"Let me go!\" \"Let her go, you pompous idiot!\" Minnie yelled. \"You heard the lady.\"The guy that Minnie was with said. All the guys had stopped and stared at Renny at this point. They may be wild but disrespecting a lady was completely uncalled for. Renny let go, got dressed and left the lake. Emmeline and Minnie got dressed too. \"Are you ok?\" Minnie asked. \"Yes, I just want to go home.\" \"Fine. Leslie, could you take us home?\" Minnie asked one of the girl friends. She was not thrilled about leaving but she got dressed and took them home. Emmeline eased in the front door, pleased that it seemed no one knew she had left. She went to her room and flipped on her light. There on her bed was Richard holding Paddy, looking awfully displeased. \"What are you doing in here?\" Emmeline asked. \"What were you not doing in here?\" Richard asked. \"You're not my father, Richard. I don't have to answer to you.\" \"But I'm his father and you're my wife or doesn't that mean anything to you anymore?\" \"Of course it does.\" Emmeline replied in an apologetic tone. \"I can't tell. You've changed. We're not important to you anymore.\" \"Yes you are!\" \"We made vows, you're breaking them.\" \"We've always been there for each other and you're letting this new place help you forget who's been the ones you can depend on and who loves you.\" \"I was just trying to fit in, be normal, try to embrace this life that I didn't even want. I was trying to be happy... I know now that I was looking in all the wrong places. Everything I need, I have. I promise Richard, I've come to my senses.\" Emmeline cried, realizing the affects of her actions. \"I hope so... I love you. Paddy loves you. I don't love it here as much as I thought I would. When we finally catch up in our education and can work, I want to move, not back to the Lagoon but to another island with people. They have those, you know. We have to focus. We're too far behind.\" \"OK, Richard.\" Emmeline like the idea of going to another island. \"Our relationship will never be accepted here for some reason but we can start over again and we can visit father and Analisa whenever we're able. Emmeline got over her rebellious stage and Analisa tutored them vigorously for years in every subject, no days off except holidays. They even worked weekends and summers. It took them six years to graduate. Then they both went to college. Richard studied education and Emmeline studied marine biology. She always felt a special connection to the creatures of the sea. By the time they finished all this Paddy was in middle school, on his way to high school. He didn't even remember living on the Blue Lagoon. They were planning to move to move to Hawaii and wanted to do it sooner but they needed Analisa to baby while they were in school. They finally moved to Honolulu after graduating from college but before that they had to visit their old home at the Blue Lagoon. Surprisingly, it was still standing. \"Maybe I should have majored in architecture.\" Richard said. They looked around, it was exactly how they left it. A memory or two came back to Paddy but they were vague. They stayed there for a week for old times sake before heading to Honolulu. They looked back at their sweet house as they floated away on their boat. \"Thank you for bringing me back here Richard.\" Emmeline said. \"Yeah I'm glad we came back too.\" Paddy said. Emmeline blew a kiss outward. \"That's for you big Paddy. We love you too and we'll never forget you. Thanks for being there for us, taking care us and teaching us what you knew for the time that you did.\" The family hugged. \"We'll miss you Lagoon.\" Richard said. The family made a nice life for themselves in Honolulu. Richard and Emmeline finally got legally married. They stopped telling people they were cousins, after being in the real world for a while they understood why that was such a big deal but after all they had done and gone through by that point it didn't make much difference. Richard, Emmeline and Paddy came along way from the Blue Lagoon and there was still much ahead of them. The End ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own The Blue Lagoon or it's characters. The beginning pretty much sums up the "},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Disney's Robin Hood: Ireland Forever","Author":"Eamon Gallagher","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7187823","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disney's Robin Hood: Ireland Forever Synopsis It's been only one month since Robin Hood and Maid Marian were married. While they are enjoying their new life together, King Richard receives news of a meeting in Ireland, to which he is summoned. He sends Robin Hood and Marian in his stead. In Ireland, Robin and Marian meet an old friend of their childhood, named Eamon Kavanagh, who is now the king of the region of Connacht. While at the meeting, they learn that a strange brotherhood now threatens to destroy Ireland. Chapter 1: Robin's Dream/Journey to Ireland \"Marian!\" called King Richard. \"Are you ready to go?\" \"Yes Uncle Richard, I'm ready!\" replied the young vixen. Out of the door of the castle came a very young fox. She was eleven years old and was dressed in her lilac dress and veil. The king was taking Marian, his niece, with him to Ireland. He was to meet with the king of the region of Connacht. Marian kept pleading with her uncle to let her go with him, and he finally conceded. Suddenly there was a loud crack as the carriage suddenly jolted. \"Sire, one of the wheels has just buckled!\" shouted one of the guards. \"Oh, dear. Well, have it replaced.\" the king replied. \"Marian, dear, we're going to be here for a little while longer. If you wish you can run off and play.\" \"Thank you, Uncle Richard.\" Marian replied as she ran off into town. In the town of Nottingham, she literally ran into her friend, Robin Hood. He was a year older than Marian. The two of them had been friends since birth, or rather Marian's birth. They ran into each other and fell to the ground, laughing as they saw who it was that they ran into. \"Hi, Robin.\" \"Hi, Marian.\" Robin looked over at the carriage. \"What going on?\" he asked \"Oh, uncle and I are going to Ireland for a while, but one of the wheels broke.\" \"Really, you're going to Ireland?\" Marian nodded her head. \"Have you ever been there, Robin?\" she asked. \"Yes. I even have a friend there. It's been a long time since we met.\" \"What is Ireland like?\" Marian asked. Robin started telling her about his first time in Ireland. He spoke of rolling green fields, beautiful forests, Irish music, the Irishman's unmistakable accent, and, of course, his friend. Apparently, he was the prince of the region of Connacht that Richard and Marian were going to. He and Robin met when they were both about eight years old. Robin's parents were dead and Robin was living on his own. He decided to do some travelling and found a spot on a vessel headed for Ireland. While he was there, he was met by the prince. From then on they had been friends. They would get into pretend battles where Robin would always be the English and the prince would always be the Irish. While Robin and Marian were talking, Richard looked over at the two children and smiled. One of the guards saw them as well. \"Is that young Robin Hood, sire.\" he asked. \"It is.\" \"My, how that boy has grown.\" Richard took a good look at Robin. \"He has, hasn't he?\" \"How long have those two been friends?\" \"Since birth at least.\" \"Well, from such children come other children.\" Richard smiled and looked over at his guard with a raised eyebrow. The guard shrugged his shoulders. Richard looked back over at the two children trying to imagine what it would be like if those two did get married. It wasn't too hard to picture. Soon the carriage was repaired and they were ready to go. \"Marian! It's time for us to leave!\" Richard called out. Robin and Marian walked back to the carriage. Robin said goodbye and wished her a good time. As they were about to leave, Marian called out to Richard. \"Uncle, can Robin go with us?\" Richard thought about it for a while. \"Oh, I don't see any reason why he can't.\" Marian gave her uncle a tight hug as Robin climbed into the carriage. As they rode on, the king asked Robin some questions. \"So, young Robin Hood, have you ever been to Ireland?\" \"Yes, I have your majesty.\" \"Is that so? What part?\" \"I've been to the regions of Leinster and Connacht.\" \"Well, we are going to the capital of Connacht, Galway, to the royal palace.\" \"Really? I am friends with the prince there.\" \"Really? I believe I met the prince once, although he was just a small child at the time. What was his name? It was something like Eoghan.\" \"Eamon, sire?\" \"That's right! Young Eamon Kavanagh. You are friends with him?\" \"Yes, sir. He and I met a long time ago.\" \"Well, I suppose now I give you an opportunity to see him again.\" the king said with a laugh in his voice. Robin smiled at the kings bellowing laugh. The sun began to sink, but it was still a long way from the city of Liverpool from where they would be departing for Ireland. \"You two should get some sleep. We'll be in Dublin tomorrow morning.\" the king said to the two young foxes. Marian shut her eyes and rested her head on Robin's shoulder. Richard smiled at this sight. Robin then closed his eyes and fell asleep. Richard woke them up as they reached Liverpool. Robin woke Marian up and he helped her to the boat. The next morning they woke up in the docks of the city of Dublin, Ireland. They began to make their way to Galway the minute they got off the boat. They arrived at the palace that afternoon. When they entered, the three of them bowed to the king of the region. \"Welcome to Galway, King Richard. I am Rory Kavanagh, king of Connacht.\" Suddenly, the king saw Robin as the three of them stood up. \"Ah, young master Robin Hood, welcome back to Ireland. I'm sure my son, Eamon, will be pleased to see you.\" \"Thank you, my lord. Do you know where I may find him?\" \"I believe he is in his chamber. The guard will lead you and your friend to him.\" he said as he looked at Marian. The guard led them down the hall as they heard an Irish penny whistle coming from one of the rooms. Robin recognized the tune as the song, Rising of the Moon . It was one of the songs that Eamon had taught him years ago. \"That is Prince Eamon's chamber. I'm sure he'll be glad to see you again. Welcome back to Ireland.\" said the guard. \"Thank you.\" Robin replied. He and Marian opened the door to see a young fox, the same age as Robin, at his desk with an Irish penny whistle in his hand. He turned around and saw Robin and Marian standing there. \"Well, I never thought I'd ever see you again!\" Eamon said with his unmistakable Irish accent. The two friends hugged each other as Eamon saw Marian. \"Oh, is this a friend of yours?\" asked Eamon. \"Yes. This is Marian. She and I have been friends for as long as we can remember.\" Robin replied. \"Is this her first time in this country?\" \"Yes, it is.\" \"Well then, welcome to Ireland.\" Eamon said as he took a bow. \"Allow me to introduce meself. I am Eamon Kavanagh, son of Rory Kavanagh of Ireland, Prince of Connacht.\" Robin laughed as Eamon took his bow. \"Eamon, do you know what this meeting is about?\" asked Robin. \"I'm afraid that I don't know too much about it. I've heard some rumors but I don't know everything.\" \"Well what were the rumors?\" \"Apparently, it's about this brotherhood that was born during the reign of the Romans. Their original intent was to 'purify' Rome, but then they turned their attention to Ireland. Their intention was to overthrow the king and replace him with a king who would 'properly' rule the country of their origin. However, their king was a ruthless tyrant who wished to enslave the people.\" Robin and Marian looked at each other, eyes wide open. \"Do you think that it's true?\" asked Marian. \"No, of course not.\" Eamon replied with a laugh in his voice. \"This brotherhood that they're talking about died off after the fall of the Roman Empire. It may be just a group of rebels under that title, but I don't think it's the true brotherhood.\" At that moment, one of the palace guards entered the chamber. \"Pardon the intrusion, my prince, but your father needs you.\" \"Very well, I'm on my way.\" In the main hall, Eamon's father was sitting in the throne before a large council. All heads turned toward the three foxes as they entered. \"Ah, son, we have something here that we want you to take a look at.\" Rory said. He motioned for one of the council members to step forward. He carried a strange flag. It was a red cross, with a poorly sewn shield emblazoned on it. In the center of the shield was a poorly sewn red hand, clenched in a fist. \"This flag was captured in Athenry. We would like you to tell us what it is.\" Eamon studied the flag as Robin and Marian watched intently. A strange flag, unfamiliar to the Irish people yet captured on their land. This concerned everyone Eamon then spoke up. \"This is the flag of the Brotherhood of the Red Hand.\" Suddenly, the entire council began to talk among themselves. They were all amazed. This was the brotherhood that the rumors were about and now they had proof that the rumors were true. Robin felt Marian's hand grasp his. He looked at her, seeing how frightened she was when she heard this. \"However,\" Eamon said as the council looked back to him, \"I don't believe that this is the true flag. It is too poorly sewn and though it is the same basic design, it is not exact. I believe that it was made by a group of brigands hoping to frighten us.\" \"How do we know this?\" asked on to the council members. Eamon ordered a Brotherhood flag from the Roman Empire to be brought out. There were several distinct differences in the flags. The cross on the Athenry flag was a darker shade of red than the original, rather than being displayed horizontally, the Athenry flag was vertical and the red hand on the original was an open palm rather than a closed fist. The council let out a breath of relief. They all trusted Eamon, as he knew so much about foreign powers and flags. The meeting was soon adjourned and Eamon and Robin took Marian on a tour of the area. They visited the forest where Robin and Eamon first met, the beaches outside the city and a large hill that overlooked the city and most of the land surrounding it. They also gave Marian the story of how they met. Robin was wandering Ireland alone when he was caught by Eamon. He was wandering through the woods that belonged to the royal family. Eamon saw him and mistook him for a spy, until he knocked Robin to the ground and saw that they were the same age. From then on they had been friends. That evening, Robin challenged Eamon to a duel. Eamon accepted stating that he hoped Robin learned a few techniques in England. Marian sat on a stump as she watched the two friends take up well-crafted wooden swords. They began to fight and Marian cheered Robin on during the whole fight. The two twelve-year-old boys fought for nearly fifteen minutes, until Eamon knocked Robin to the ground and held the tip of his sword up to Robin's chest. \"So, will ya give up, boyo?\" Eamon said. As he said this, Robin moved his left foot behind Eamon and knocked him to the ground. As Eamon was about to get up, Robin held his sword up to him. Eamon smiled and dropped his sword. \"How many times have you done that? I never see it comin'.\" Eamon said. Robin laughed as he pulled Eamon off the ground. Marian got up and hugged Robin for winning the battle. A smile came across Eamon's face and Robin's too. They walked back to the city where King Richard was waiting for them. Eamon bid them a final farewell. \"Perhaps we'll be able to meet again.\" he said as the two young foxes climbed into the carriage. \"Maybe we will.\" Robin replied. The two friends shook hands as the carriage departed. Once again, Marian began to fall asleep and rested her head on Robin's shoulder. Robin smiled and fell asleep too. Suddenly, Robin saw himself standing on a battlefield. He was now his current age. It was as though fourteen years had gone by in an instant. He saw a face. It was the face of Eamon Kavanagh. He too had aged fourteen years. Instead of an innocent twelve-year-old boy, he was now a twenty-six-year-old man. He stood on the battlefield, sword in hand, facing a large wolf. \"So the Brotherhood does live.\" Eamon said. \"I should have heeded the warning I received those fourteen years ago.\" \"Perhaps you should have.\" the wolf replied. \"Now you shall feel the consequence of your mistake. Ireland will be ours.\" \"Not while I'm still breathing. Don't you think for one moment that victory is yours. Trying to resurrect an ancient army would is like trying to forge a sword but first having to dig for your own materials.\" Eamon raised his sword and prepared to strike. The wolf laughed and drew his sword. \"Yes. But we've had fourteen years to dig, and now we have many swords at our disposal. Le haghaidh leis an Bráithreachas!\" cried the wolf. \"Éireann go brách!\" Eamon shouted as the two adversaries swung at each other. As the swords collided, Robin woke up in the castle of Nottingham, next to his wife, Marian. The two had been married for a month now. Beads of sweat were running down Robin's forehead and he was breathing heavily. Marian woke up and looked at her husband. \"Robin, what's wrong?\" she said. \"Oh, it's nothing Marian. It was just a dream.\" \"What was the dream?\" Robin smiled at the vixen and began to tell her what he saw in the dream. He told her about how he saw that day when they left for Ireland together, the day Marian was introduced to Eamon Kavanagh, and finally, of his vision at the end. \"What could it mean?\" Robin said, wiping the sweat from his forehead. \"I'm sure it was just a dream. I don't think there's anything to worry about.\" Marian smiled and kissed Robin tenderly on the lips. \"I love you, Marian.\" \"I love you too, Robin.\" The two foxes began to fall into a peaceful sleep in each other's company. (To hear the song mentioned, Rising of the Moon , go to Youtube)[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Return to Ireland/The Brotherhood The next day, Robin kept mulling his dream over in his head, wondering what it could mean. He couldn't get rid of the idea that this was a sign or a premonition of some sort. This upset Marian who was deeply concerned for Robin. He hadn't spoken to her all day. His only thought was the nightmare. That night, Robin was still pondering over the dream. She sat down on the bed next to him and held his hand, smiling at the slender fox. Robin smiled back, knowing that his wife knew what he was thinking about. \"Robin,\" Marian began, \"I know that you're worried about your friend, but like he said, the Brotherhood no longer exists. It was probably just a nightmare.\" \"But what is the reason for it?\" Robin asked. \"Maybe it's just because you haven't seen him for a long time. Maybe it's just because you miss him.\" Robin thought about it and what Marian said did make sense. Then, he felt Marian lean up against him. He looked into her eyes and gave her a long, loving kiss. \"Perhaps you're right, Marian. There's probably nothing to worry about.\" he said as he looked into the vixen's beautiful brown eyes. They hugged each other tightly and Robin let out all his fears of this dream. \"Are you sure you'll be alright, darling?\" Marian asked. \"I'm sure.\" Robin replied with a reassuring smile. The two foxes kissed each other before climbing into bed. Robin was lying on his back, the blankets covering half of his body. Marian rolled over and gave him a peck on the cheek. \"I love you, Robin.\" \"I love you too.\" Over the next few days, Robin was in a much better mood. He wasn't concerned with his nightmare and he and Marian were enjoying their new life together. Skippy, Sis, Tagalong, and Toby were frequent visitors to the castle and Robin and Marian enjoyed their company. Marian would usually spend time with Skippy's two sisters as they had their own little conversations together while Robin helped Skippy with his archery skills. Even Toby was starting to take and interest into archery. He wasn't as good as Robin or Skippy, but he was learning. After about three days, Robin and Marian were summoned by King Richard. They arrived in the council chamber, where the king was sitting in a large chair. A large smile came across his face as he saw the young married couple. \"Ah, just in time. Now, there is something I want the two of you to do for me. I have just received a message from Ireland about a meeting in the city of Dublin. All four kings of Ireland and all the lords have been summoned by High King Brian Boru himself, and so have I. However, I am…getting on in years and don't believe I will be able to make it. I would like to ask if the two of your could go in my stead.\" the king said with a grin. Robin knew he had other motives for avoiding this meeting since he was still fit enough to attend the meeting. \"Very well, sire. We shall go in your stead.\" Robin replied. The next day, the couple set out for Ireland. They left much earlier than that day fourteen years ago. When they arrived in Liverpool, they learned that there were no ships headed to Dublin. The one King Richard would have boarded was headed for Galway, the capital of Connacht. At that point, Robin and Marian knew why Richard had sent them in his stead. Robin smiled and rolled his eyes at King Richard's little set up. The ship sailed through the night. The next morning, the ship docked in Galway Bay, as the couple stepped off the ship and headed for the royal palace. As they neared the steps, they were stopped by a guard and Robin and Marian explained that King Richard had sent them. As they entered the throne room, Robin saw a twenty-six-year-old fox sitting on the throne; the same fox he had seen in his dream. It was Eamon Kavanagh. All Eamon did when he saw them though, was raise his eyebrow. \"Eamon?\" Robin said. \"Normally my subjects bow to me when entering this room…\" Eamon said as he stood up and approached Robin Hood. Then, a smile came across his face, \"…but you're the exception.\" The two friends hugged each other, laughing joyfully at seeing each other's faces again. \"It's good to see you again, boyo!\" Eamon said, his Irish accent as clean as it was fourteen years ago. \"It's good to see you too!\" Robin replied. Eamon then noticed Marian was with his friend. \"Ah, Marian, welcome back to Ireland.\" \"Thank you, Prince Eamon.\" she replied. \"You don't have to add the 'prince' to my name, and it's actually 'King Eamon' now.\" Robin's eyes widened. He couldn't believe what he just heard. \"What?\" he said. \"Yes, I am now the King of Connacht.\" \"Oh, I'm so sorry.\" Marian said with a compassionate tone. \"For what?\" Eamon laughed. \"Well, for your…\" \"Oh! No me father isn't dead! He abdicated the throne, stating that he thought I would make a more suitable king. However, I appreciate your concern.\" Eamon replied, half laughing through his whole statement. \"So, how long has it been, fourteen years?\" Robin said. \"Aye, I believe so.\" \"Well, this is something I thought I'd never see, King Eamon. Well, congratulations.\" \"Thank you. So what have I missed from your end?\" Robin and Marian held out their hands and Eamon's eye widened as he eyed the wedding rings. \"God's truth. You two are married.\" The two foxes smiled and nodded. \"You know, I had a good feeling that it would happen one day. The first day you introduced me to Marian, I had a feeling that you two were going to fall in love.\" Eamon said with a smile. \"So how long ago did this take place?\" \"A little over a month ago.\" Robin replied. \"Well, allow me to offer my belated congratulations.\" Eamon said as he shook their hands. \"So, Eamon, what is this meeting with the high king about?\" asked Robin. \"Once again, I don't know. It won't be for another two days. But why don't we talk about this later tonight? That way we'll be more comfortable.\" Robin and Marian agreed and Eamon had the guard show them to their chamber. Later that night, they met Eamon in the great hall. He was sitting with his father, Rory Kavanagh, and a few other men, dressed in Irish general's uniforms, with a golden harp on the breast of each one. However, the front of the harp was in the form of an angel, the wings swept back to form the top of the instrument. Robin and Marian managed to hear a few words of what the men were talking about. \"We aren't completely positive, but we are very sure.\" One of the generals said. \"Well, unless we know for sure, I don't feel comfortable presenting this to the high king, otherwise, if we're wrong…well I think you know what will most likely happen.\" Eamon replied. \"Aye. But what if we're right?\" the second general said. \"What if we're wrong? Malone, too many mistakes have been made in the past because someone was thinking 'what if'.\" \"Son, you must listen to your generals. They know much.\" Rory said. \"Aye, I don't deny it. God gave them an extraordinary gift for war, but I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has given us our own sense of knowledge and reason has intended us to forego their use. I will consider their suggestions, but I will make my own decisions. Do I make myself clear?\" Eamon replied. \"Yes, my lord.\" Just then, Eamon saw Robin and Marian out of the corner of his eye. \"Ah, welcome. Please come in. Take a seat.\" Eamon said with a reassuring smile. \"I'd like to introduce you to my two top generals. This is General Liam McDermott.\" Robin and Marian shook hands with the tall falcon who was Liam McDermott. \"And this is Seamus Malone.\" The beagle who was Seamus Malone was considered, by Eamon at least, to be one of the best military leaders in Ireland. \"And I believe you already know me father.\" The old fox nodded his head in recognition to Robin and Marian. \"Well, Robin, you've certainly grown. I heard about your marriage to the fair Maid Marian and may I say congratulations to the two of you.\" \"Thank you. So what were the four of you talking about?\" Marian asked. \"There is a strange flag that was captured in Lisdoonvarna only a few days ago from a group of rebels. The troops can't identify it and neither can I. These two believe it is one of the flags of the Brotherhood of the Red Hand.\" Eamon said. Robin's eyes widened and his heart sank. Maybe his nightmare did mean something. \"However, the flag doesn't even have the same basic design as the Red Hand flag. I believe it to be just another rebel group… Ah, but this is more of a matter for the high king. Let us enjoy the evening.\" Robin and Marian listened as Eamon talked about everything that had changed in their absence. He talked about fighting off a Viking invasion in the north, his father's abdication and putting down several rebellions. Robin was surprised to hear that this was the largest series of rebellions in the history of Ireland. Each rebel group was very well-trained and gave the regular army a good fight and they were striking every part of Ireland. Later, in their chamber, Robin was thinking about these rebellions. He leaned over the desk and thought, 'who could be training these rebels so well and how could they be striking every part of Ireland at the same time?' Marian came up behind him and put her hands on his shoulders. \"Are you alright, darling?\" \"It's just these rebellions. There cropping up all over Ireland, and the generals are somehow connecting them to the Brotherhood. I'm just worried what it might be.\" Marian brought Robins gaze to her. She beamed a reassuring smile at her husband. \"I'm sure it'll be fine. We'll learn all about it at the meeting with the high king.\" she said. Robin smiled and leaned in to kiss the vixen. \"What would my life have been like if I hadn't met you? I could never imagine a life without you.\" Robin said. Marian hugged Robin tightly. They were completely absorbed into one another. The two climbed into bed and began to fall into a peaceful sleep. Eamon was in his chamber, reading the Bible. At the time, the Bible was the only book that was being printed in large quantities, and Eamon was a very religious Catholic. Suddenly, he heard a knock on his door. \"Enter.\" he said. One of the guards entered the room. \"Pardon me, my lord, but there is someone who wishes audience with you.\" \"Very well.\" Eamon went to the throne room. There, a messenger from the city of Athenry was waiting for the king. \"Welcome to Galway. What is it that you want?\" Eamon said. The messenger was shaking and could barely speak. \"What's wrong, sir? Tell us. There is nothing to be afraid of.\" \"You must help us, my lord.\" The messenger said, half in tears. \"What is it?\" The, messenger began to explain and Eamon's eyes widened as he heard the messenger's news. One of the guards opened Robin and Marian's door. \"Master Robin Hood!\" the guard said. \"Shh!\" Robin said, trying not to wake Marian. \"The king needs you immediately. The city of Athenry is under attack. You are going to ride with him.\" Robin felt his heart sink again. \"Alright, I'll be there in a moment.\" As he was getting ready to leave, Marian woke up. She saw Robin dressed in his green tunic and sword belt. \"Robin? What's going on?\" she asked. \"Athenry is under attack. Eamon wants us to ride with him to the city.\" Marian's heart sank. War had come to Ireland, and she knew that they were going to be part of it.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Athenry/The Crucifix The two arrived at the royal stables. Eamon was there dressed in his battle attire: chain mail armor, a green tunic with the golden harp on the left breast, a dark cloak on his shoulders, dark brown leather gloves, and large leather boots. He spun around and saw his friends, ready to leave. \"Right, you two are up. We need to head to Athenry as quickly as possible. The troops are holding out on the outside of the city but they are suffering heavy losses.\" \"What is our task?\" Robin asked. \"We must do whatever we can to help.\" Eamon replied. Robin could tell that Eamon was frightened. He didn't show it, but Robin could hear it in his voice. Eamon mounted his black horse and ordered his men to prepare to ride. Eamon provided Robin and Marian with two horses. They mounted and prepared to follow Eamon. They were accompanied by 500 men who would assist the troops at Athenry. Eamon ordered them to ride out. The bells of the gatehouse rang out and the large iron gates opened as the 500 riders poured out of the city and headed straight for Athenry. Robin made sure to stay with Marian the whole way. At midnight, the army arrived on the hill overlooking Athenry. They could see the torches of the troops on the outskirts of the city. Some of the city was burning. Marian grasped Robin's hand when she saw this. She couldn't help but think about all those helpless people in the city. Eamon ordered his men to aid the troops while he, Robin and Marian entered to city. They began to do everything they could to help. Marian tended to some of the wounded and Robin and Eamon helped to recover some of those who were buried in the rubble. As they were helping the citizens, Eamon saw a priest, Reverend Father Cantwell. He was the priest who baptized him years ago. He was on his knees staring at a burning building. Eamon's eyes widened and his jaw dropped as he saw the church where he was baptized burning. He ran up to the church, next to Father Cantwell. Next to the priest was a pile of artifacts that they saved from the church before the attack, including the tabernacle, several bibles and the chalices that were used for the wine during communion. But Eamon noticed that something was missing. \"Where's the crucifix?\" he asked the priest. He made no answer. \"Where's the crucifix!\" The priest pointed to the burning church with a shaky hand. \"We couldn't save it.\" Father Cantwell said, tears streaming down his face. Eamon stared at the building for a few seconds, then, suddenly, to everyone's surprise, he ran inside the burning church. Robin was shocked when he saw this and quickly followed him. Marian screamed at Robin not to go in but Robin didn't listen. He ran up and kicked the door open. When he ran inside, the door shut behind him. He looked forward and saw Eamon standing there. He was staring at a large cross, at least fifteen feet tall, suspended above the altar by three ropes, and on it, a life-size carving of Jesus Christ was being crucified. Eamon spun around and saw Robin standing there. \"Robin, quickly, shoot the ropes! Cut down the crucifix!\" he yelled. Robin took his bow and shot three arrows. Each one hit its target with amazing accuracy and the crucifix fell to the ground. \"Quickly, help me lift it!\" Robin and Eamon ran to the crucifix. Robin took the foot of the crucifix and Eamon took the top. \"Careful. It's going to be heavy. One, two, three, lift!\" Eamon said. The two foxes struggled to lift the crucifix, but they managed to lift it and planted it on their shoulders. \"Right, let's get out of here.\" Robin said. As they carried the cross down the aisle, the burning building started coming down around them. They came to the front doors of the church that closed on them after they entered…and they only opened inward. Outside, the villagers watched with horror as the church began to fall apart. They could hear rafters breaking, glass shattering, and the flames roaring. Tears began to fill Marian's eyes as she thought about Robin. He was in that building and it was about to collapse. As they heard another rafter break, she fell to her knees and began to weep. She believed that this was how Robin was going to die. The priest came up and put his hand on her shoulder. \"That was your husband, wasn't it?\" said Father Cantwell. Marian couldn't speak, but she nodded her head. \"Don't worry, my child. God will be with them through this heroic act.\" Marian continued to weep. Suddenly, they heard Robin's voice. \"Open the door!\" Robin yelled. No one answered. Marian recognized his voice and lifted her head. \"Open the door!\" he yelled again. As he yelled this, a section of the ceiling collapsed behind them, crushing the altar \"SOMEONE OPEN THE DOOR, FOR CHRIST SAKE!\" Eamon shouted. Suddenly, two soldiers pushed the doors open with spears, and Robin and Eamon carried the crucifix out. The crowd cheered as they saw the two foxes carrying the crucifix. When Marian saw them, her tears became tears of joy. Eamon told Robin to spin his end around and for two of the citizens to remove one of the rocks in front of the church. They did so, revealing a hole in the ground. Eamon told Robin to drop his end of the cross and help him lift his end. They struggled with the weight but the managed to erect the crucifix in front of the church. Eamon then turned to Father Cantwell. \"Reverend Father, I believe this belongs to the church.\" The priest fell to his knees and wept tears of joy. \"God bless you, my lord! God bless you!\" Eamon helped the priest to his feet. \"You are most welcome.\" Eamon replied. Just then, the church finally collapsed. Eamon's eyes were filled with sorrow as he saw the end of the church he was baptized in. Marian quickly ran up to Robin and hugged him tightly, tears of joy and relief falling from her eyes, knowing that her husband made it out of the burning church. \"I thought you were going to die.\" Marian said as she looked into Robin's eyes. \"I don't die that easily.\" Robin joked. Marian hugged him tightly and Robin returned it. They held each other in their arms for several minutes. Marian's attention then turned to the artifact that Robin and Eamon had just rescued. She was somewhat confused by the meaning of it. \"Robin, why do you think the Catholic cross shows the Savior being crucified? Why would they want to exhibit that sorrowful day?\" As she said this, an old badger answered her question. \"It reminds us why we're Christians.\" he said. \"The crucifix reminds us of the passion of the Christ; that he died for us, our sins. Because of him, we shall never die, but rather have eternal life.\" Marian looked back at the carving of Christ and bowed her head. Suddenly, Eamon ordered all soldiers to the outskirts of the city. \"Athenry must be held at all costs!\" He and several hundred men rode on with him. Robin gave Marian a passionate kiss before riding out with Eamon. \"Must you go, Robin? You nearly died in the church. I can't bear to lose you.\" Marian said, tears once again forming in her eyes. \"Don't worry, dear. I'll be fine. I promise you that I won't die.\" Robin kissed Marian's hand, mounted his horse and rode out to the battlefield. As she watched them leave, the priest said a blessing: \"May the Lord be with those brave men through this terrible crucible. Give them the strength to stand against our enemies, oh Lord, and end this terrible threat. Thy will be done, Almighty Father. Amen.\" Marian once again turned her attention to the crucifix. She knelt before the carving of Christ and began to pray: \"Dear Lord, you saved my husband from the fire that engulfed the church, now I ask you to save him from death on the battlefield. Be with him during this terrible battle. Bring him back safely…Thy will be done. Amen.\" She concluded her prayer by making the sign of the cross. Robin and Eamon arrived on the battlefront, and faced an enemy force of nearly five-thousand. Eamon ordered Robin to take charge of the archers, while he would take charge of the cavalry. On the field, Eamon saw Seamus Malone commanding the infantry. He asked Malone about the enemy forces. Malone stated that it wasn't yet safe for a cavalry charge as the enemy still had several pikes. Eamon ordered the archers to put as much fire on the pikemen as possible. His orders were to \"empty your quivers! Not one pike is to be left standing!\" Robin gave the order and hundreds of arrows rained down on the pikes. Of course, Robin was the most accurate of all the archers. Once the pikes were destroyed, Eamon led his cavalry to charge against the enemies left flank. The attack split the enemy army in two and Seamus Malone's troops slaughtered the enemy. The survivors fled the field, but the Irishmen's victory was short-lived. Another wave of five-thousand troops slammed into Malone's forces. They fought gallantly, but the men were growing weary. Eamon called Robin and Malone to him. \"We can't go on like this.\" he said. \"We need the fall back.\" \"What!\" Malone said. \"Retreat and let them defeat us! Never! Run if you will, but I'm staying!\" he got up and was about to leave, but Robin grabbed his arm and pulled him back. \"We didn't mean abandon the city! We meant reinforce the city!\" he shouted at the general. \"Aye.\" Eamon said. \"We must fall back to where we have the home-field advantage. But we can't just pull all the troops back at once.\" \"We don't have to.\" replied Robin. \"We can pull one regiment back and secure the town armory. They can take up spears. They would provide the best defense. We should place them in the streets; line them up so the enemy can't get in.\" \"Aye. A regular Thermopylae. We should arrange the troops accordingly as well. Arm them troops with pikes and form them into a phalanx. That should provide maximum defense against the enemy cavalry and infantry.\" \"Yes. We should also have them form a shield wall.\" \"And with only five-thousand troops, they won't have enough to completely surround the city. We can sneak the cavalry out of the city and hit the enemy's rear flank.\" \"This will work!\" Malone ordered one regiment back into the city. They were ordered to the armory and were each given pikes. They sealed of every entrance into the city except for the front entrance. That would be sealed off after the rest of the troops fell back. Eamon then ordered the rest of the army to fall back. The cavalry entered the city first and took up positions near the west side of the town. Robin drew all of the archers to the center of the city and ordered them not to fire unless they were certain that they could hit their target. The troops formed their phalanx/shield wall just as the enemy troops slammed into them. The enemy struggled to break through as hundreds of well-aimed arrows fell on them. This was a perfect opportunity for Eamon to lead his cavalry charge. The enemy troops suffered heavy casualties against the phalanx and the arrows. As they were about to retreat, the cavalry troops slammed into their rear flank, splitting the enemy forces in two, straight down the middle. The cavalry killed some fifty troops in the initial charge and killed another one hundred twenty-five in the fighting. The rest of the enemy army retreated into the trees as the Irish troops began to cheer all throughout the city. The battle ended at about two o'clock in the morning. After treating some of the wounded from the battle, Marian ran up to Robin and threw her arms around him, tears of joy streaming from her face. Eamon went to the crucifix in front of the destroyed church and saw that during the battle, the villagers had place a large stone beside the crucifix, and on the stone was carved the words, \"CHRIST HAVE MERCY. GOD SAVE IRELAND.\" Eamon fell to his knees and began to pray. He gave thanks to the Lord for being with him and bringing him back from the battle. He also prayed for the souls of the faithful departed, whose lives were lost to the enemy, and that they found their way into God's kingdom. Robin and Marian saw Eamon on his knees and walked toward him. They kept some distance as it was clear that Eamon needed some time alone with God. But they did get close enough to hear his final prayer, a prayer that every Christian knew: \"Our father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, on Earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory, forever and ever. Amen.\" After his prayer, Seamus Malone handed Eamon the enemy's flag. His eyes widened as he saw it. He had only one word to say: \"Damn!\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: Dublin The day after the battle, Robin, Marian and Eamon set out for the capital city of Dublin to meet with High King Brian Boru. They left in the early morning and arrived in the city near high noon. While in the city, Robin and Marian learned of how fast news spread through Ireland. The citizens of Dublin had already received news of the Battle of Athenry, as it was now being called. The citizens were also stunned at the fact that the enemy's nationality could not yet be distinguished. As they pushed through the city, Dublin Castle came into view. It was a magnificent structure, a huge tower in the center and a large wall surrounding it. Flying above it was the flag of Ireland; a golden harp, in the form of an angel, emblazoned on an emerald green background. Above the gate was written \"ÉIREANN GO BRÁCH.\" \"Robin, what does that mean?\" Marian asked. \"Those words up there?\" \"It means 'Ireland Forever.' That is their...motto, I guess you could say. It is also their battle cry.\" As they neared the gate, they saw two faces, familiar to Robin and Marian. They were the faces of Little John and Lady Cluck, a.k.a. Clucky. They had heard about the Battle of Athenry in England and Clucky insisted that she and Little John do what they can to help them, as it was perfectly obvious now that war had started. Marian ran up to Clucky and the two old friends hugged each other while Robin and Little John just shook hands. After their meeting, Robin introduced them to Eamon. \"Ah, I don't believe either of you have met my old friend, Eamon Kavanagh.\" Robin said. \"No, I don't think I have.\" Little John replied. Eamon shook the large bear's hand as he made his introduction. \"I am Eamon Kavanagh, son of Rory Kavanagh, King of Connacht.\" \"Well, pleasure meeting you.\" Little John said. Eamon bowed and introduced himself to Clucky and led them into the Dublin Castle. As they were about to enter the great hall, they were stopped by a guard. Eamon stepped forward and presented the ring of the royal family of Connacht on his finger and explained to the guard in Irish Gaelic that Robin, Marian, Little John and Clucky were going to be attending the meeting with him. The guard then stepped out of the way and let them pass. The entered the great hall where several people were sitting and preparing to listen to the reports of all the rebellions cropping up throughout the country. There were areas around the edge of the hall where the villagers could sit while the lords, nobles and kings sat on the second and third floors. All four kings were present for the meeting, and they even sat according to where their region was located. Niall mac Áeda, King of Ulster was seated in the northern section of the hall, Cellach McFaelan, King of Leinster, was seated in the eastern section, Lorcan O'Donoghue, King of Munster, in the southern section, and Eamon Kavanagh, King of Connacht, in the western section. Two of the kings, Niall mac Áeda and Cellach McFaelan, only spoke in Irish. Eamon, Robin, Marian, Little John and Clucky were on the second floor. Suddenly, the whole room rose as Brian Boru, High King of Ireland entered the room. He was an aged lion, but still very strong in heart and voice. He had a very deep voice that everyone admired. It was the kind of voice that comforted friends and intimidated foes. He gave them permission to sit, and the meeting began. \"Fellow Irishmen and Irishwomen, my brothers and sisters, I am sure we all know why we have been called here. Beginning about three months ago, major rebellions began to spread across Ireland. Many people have been killed, wounded, captured or missing. I call now on the four kings of Ireland to present their cases and give us some explanation to these uprisings. Niall mac Áeda, céim ar aghaidh (Niall mac Áeda, step forward).\" The King of Ulster rose from his seat and descended the stairs. He stood in the middle of the great hall and bowed to his king. Niall was a middle-aged owl, perhaps forty-five years of age and a strong military leader. Eamon explained to his friends that Niall only spoke Irish and that he would translate the king's words for them. The High King began. \"Niall mac Áeda, cad nuacht ón Uladh?\" \" Niall mac Áeda , what news from Ulster?\" \"Mo thighearna, tá Uladh tar éis titim faoi ionsaí ó fórsa aisteach.\" \" My lord, Ulster has fallen under attack by a strange army.\" \"Tá siad dóite roinnt foirgneamh, barra scriosta agus maraíodh go leor.\" \" They have burned buildings, destroyed farms and killed many people.\" \"I ngach ionsaí, a thagann siad i líon mór.\" \" In every attack, they strike in great numbers.\" \"Siad troid faoi bratacha go leor, ach ar gach ceann de gcuid sciatha is lage dearg tras.\" \" They fight under many flags, but each of their shields bears a large red cross.\" \"Glacadh leis mo saighdiúirí go bhfuil siad Béarla, ach ní dhéanann na sciatha Béarla crosa a bheith acu.\" \" My soldiers believe that they are English, but the English shields do not bear crosses.\" \"Thart ar thrí lá ó shin, chonaic mé duine dá bratacha.\" \" About three days ago, I saw one of their banners.\" \"Bhí sé tras mór dearg, ar chúlra bán, agus i lár a bhí ina sciath bán agus i lár an sciath ... Bhí lámh dearg.\" As the King of Ulster said this, the entire crowd gasped. Eamon leaned forward in his seat and raised an eyebrow. \"Eamon what did he say?\" Robin said. \" It was a large cross on a white background, and in the center was a white shield and in the middle of the shield…was a red hand.\" \"Agus tógann sé an t-arm suas an glaoch, \"Le haghaidh leis an Bráithreachas!\" Eamon's eyes widened as he fell back in his seat. \" And they take up the call, \"For the Brotherhood!\" Robin's eyes widened as well and Marian was struck with fear. She grasped Robin's hand as tightly as she did when they first heard about the Brotherhood of the Red Hand fourteen years ago. Could this mean that the Brotherhood had returned? Could this explain Robin's dream? The high king dismissed the Ulster king from the hall and Niall went back up to his seat. The king called up the other two kings, and their reports were the same as Niall. High King Brian Boru called a one hour recess to allow the crowd to get up and stretch and to allow himself to document these reports. Outside, Robin and Eamon discussed what could possibly be happening. \"This can't be happening.\" Eamon said. \"Well, you heard the reports from the others. It is happening.\" Eamon sat down in front of the castle walls, running had hands through the fur on his head. \"I wish none of this had ever happened.\" he said, letting out a deep breath. \"But now that it is happening, Eamon, you must decide what to do about it.\" Robin replied Eamon nodded and stood up. Just then, General Liam McDermott came riding up to him. \"You're late, Liam.\" Eamon said as he eyed the falcon. \"Aye. I'm aware and I apologize, my lord. But I do have the…a-artifact that you wanted.\" \"Thank you, McDermott. I want you to bring it in with you when the meeting starts again.\" For the remainder of the hour, Robin and Marian explained to Little John and Clucky what the Brotherhood of the Red Hand was. Occasionally, Robin would glance over to Eamon, who was pacing back and forth down the street. When the hour had ended, the bell of the castle rang out and the meeting continued. \"Welcome back, my fellow Irishmen.\" High King Boru said in his deep voice. \"I believe we have but one king left to hear from. Eamon Kavanagh, step forward.\" The twenty-six-year-old fox stood up, stood in the center of the great hall and bowed to his king. \"King Eamon, what news from Connacht?\" \"My lord, fellow Irishmen, and distinguished friends, no doubt that you have all heard of the Battle of Athenry by now. Many men were lost in that battle, many civilians were killed and wounded…and several buildings, including a church, were burned.\" It was obvious that Eamon was trying to hold back his tears as he remembered watching the church burn to the ground. \"After we claimed victory in the battle, my general, Seamus Malone, handed me the flag of the enemy. Bring forth the flag, Liam McDermott.\" General McDermott brought forward a folded flag. Eamon took it, approached the high king and unfurled the flag. Suddenly, everyone gasped as the saw the flag he held; a red cross, emblazoned on a white background, with a white shield in the center, and in the center of the shield, a red hand. Eamon looked up at King Niall. \"Mo Tiarna, tá an bhratach chonaic tú? (My lord, is this the flag you saw?)\" The owl nodded as he saw the flag. \"Aye, my lord. This is the flag of the Brotherhood of the Red Hand, the same Brotherhood behind these 'rebellions'. It now seems apparent that all of Ireland has fallen under attack from the Red Hand. I believe that the reports from the other three regions solidify this fact. But what are we to do about it? Why did we come to present these cases? Do we just leave it to ourselves to fight as separate regions? I pray not. My fellow Irishmen, we now face a threat unlike any other. This enemy now threatens the survival of the Irish people. For many years, Ireland has fought divided. Wars between different regions have forced us farther apart. Wars between our own brothers. As I walked in, I saw some nobles spitting at each other. And now, the Red Hand seizes this opportunity. Our separation is the perfect opportunity for our enemy to strike, for he knows that we will not ride to each other's aid. Do we intend to let this happen? Do we intend to remain separate while the enemy takes what is rightfully ours! If so, you are not fit to be called Irishmen. You are not fit to be called Celts! A fair example for us is Scotland, our brethren across the sea. Each clan in that land has united to become one people. Now look at us, separate and too stubborn to reunite for nearly fifty years. Now is the time. This is the time for us to unite. We cannot be separated by our petty differences any longer. We simply cannot afford it. If we continue to squabble amongst ourselves, the enemy will destroy us. I call upon every king, lord and noble in this glorious country to take up arms and fight together. Sons of Ireland, my brothers, I bid you to throw down your regional banners. No longer shall we fight under the flag of Ulster, Leinster, Munster, or Connacht. No, we shall all fight under the flag of Ireland!\" As Eamon ended his speech, the crowd erupted in applause. The other three kings and their lords gave the young king a standing ovation. It was amazing how much Eamon had inspired the crowd. Robin was amazed at how well a speaker Eamon had become. He had spoken like a true king. Suddenly, the High King ordered silence. There, in the presence of everyone in that building, he officially declared the new state of the country. The country was to remain divided into four regions, but all four kings were to ride to each other's aid when requested. The High King dismissed all rivalries and feuds between the Irish people and each city was to display the Irish flag above their buildings. He officially declared that Ireland was to be reunited. He also declared that because of these 'rebellions,' the attack on Athenry, and the fact that the enemy had been revealed, Ireland was now at war with the Brotherhood of the Red Hand. Marian leaned toward Robin when she heard this and grasped his hand. She knew that they would become a part of this war, and so did Robin. As the kings and lords exited the great hall, High King Boru called Eamon to him to speak with him in private. \"What is it that you want, my lord?\" Eamon asked. \"There is a troubling matter that you must know about.\" Boru replied. \"I knew that the Brotherhood had returned for quite some time. You four kings simply provided me with the evidence I needed to declare war. But that isn't what I wanted you to know, what I do want you to know it that we have found out the name of the Red Hand's leader. He is a wolf, described as large and strong. He was once a great Irish military leader, but he was put in prison for a very serious crime…and you know exactly what that crime is Eamon; he tried to kill your father, ten years ago.\" Eamon looked at the king and his eyes widened with terror. He did know who the king was speaking of. \"Cathal Brugha (pronounced Cahl Broo-uh). I thought he was still in prison.\" \"He escaped three months ago. Now he is the leader of the Red Hand.\" Eamon sat down, trying to comprehend the fact that the one who tried to kill his father was now attempting to take over their entire country. \"Eamon, fourteen years ago, a flag was captured in Athenry. It was taken to your father, and you studied it in front of the council and in front of your friends, I believe.\" Eamon brought his gaze back to the king. He stared at him trying to understand how he knew about that day. \"I thought it was the flag of a rebel group.\" \"No, Eamon. Cathal Brugha was under that flag when he attacked Athenry fourteen years ago. When his plan failed, he went back into hiding, trying to secretly build up his army. Four years later, he would attack Galway and attempt to take your father's life. For his crimes he was arrested. For ten years, he would be secretly communicating with the Brotherhood of the Red Hand, building up another army. And now he has escaped and launched his attack. Eamon, I want Cathal Brugha either dead or out of this land.\" Eamon nodded his head and began to think about that day, when Cathal Brugha tried to kill his father. He had the wolf in his grasp and was about to kill him, but for some reason, he spared his life and had him arrested instead. \"I held his life in my hands once, and I spared it. It seems obvious now, that was a mistake. I promise you, my lord, I will not fail you.\" He said as he bowed to Brian Boru. As he exited the king's chamber, he saw Robin and Marian. He didn't need to explain to them what happened…They heard the whole thing.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: The Road to War Back in Galway, Eamon was resting on his bed, the events of the day flowing through his head. His door opened and Robin walked in to see how he was doing. Eamon nodded in recognition of his childhood friend. It was getting late and everyone was getting ready for bed. They all needed as much rest as possible. \"So, Ireland's most notorious prisoner is now the leader of our ancient enemy?...Aye, that doesn't sound too far-fetched.\" Eamon said. He fell back on the bed and tried to relax, but to no avail. He stood up and leaned over his desk. \"This is unbelievable. Ah, but listen to a king go on about the state of his land. Anyway, what is it that you wanted?\" Robin smiled, trying to lighten the mood and made an exaggerated bow to Eamon. \"I have come to enlist in your army, my lord.\" Eamon laughed at his bow and playfully ordered him to rise. \"Very well, Master Robin Hood, but are you sure you are capable enough?\" Robin took out and arrow and shot it at the wall, just missing Eamon's head. Eamon's eyes widened and he let out a stuttered breath as the two of them began to laugh. \"Now that was true luck of the Irish! Very well, I accept. Welcome to the Irish Army. I'm sure that your assistance will make a great difference in the war.\" Eamon said. The two friends laughed at the fact that they were acting like kids again, and at the shot Robin made. As Robin was walking out the door, Eamon spoke up again. \"Robin, I'm placing you in permanent command of the Archers of Connacht. Your skill with the bow and arrow is unmatched and they could use a man of your talents.\" \"Alright. It would be my honor.\" \"And if there is anything else that you need, just let me know.\" \"There is one thing, Eamon.\" Robin said as he hushed is voice a bit. \"Just make sure that Marian is kept safe.\" A smile came across Eamon's face. \"You know something? I've never seen two people so in love before in me life. After the battle of Athenry, to see you two together; it was very heart-warming. It seems as though you two were meant for each other from the start and I hope you two have long and happy lives together.\" \"Thank you, Eamon.\" \"Well, you should get some rest. I don't expect it'll be long before a messenger comes knocking at our door. You'll need all your strength.\" \"Right. What about you?\" \"Oh, I'll stay up and wait for the inevitable battle. It'll give me some time to read the Bible. I'm going to need to pray.\" \"Alright. I'll see you in battle then.\" Robin joked. Eamon chuckled at Robin's remark. \"Aye.\" Robin walked out the door and went back to his chamber. He saw Marian standing at the window, thinking about what lay ahead of them. Robin came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. She looked up and smiled as he saw his face. She turned around and embraced him, and Robin returned her embrace. Robin then lifted her chin and brought her gaze to his eyes and beamed a comforting smile to the vixen. She smiled back and gave him a tender kiss. \"I'm sorry that this is happening, Marian. I wish that we didn't have to get caught up in this. I wish none of this had ever happened.\" Robin said in a soft tone. Marian ran her hand across Robin's cheek. \"So does everyone here. But this war wasn't their decision. I know that you didn't want to get me caught up in this, but if we have to go through this, I'm glad we're going through it together.\" Robin smiled and gave her another tender kiss. \"Come with me, Marian. There's someplace I want to take you.\" Marian giggled and followed Robin. He took her to the woods just outside the castle walls. Just a few yards away was a beautiful, lush area, with a river running right through it. This was where Eamon nearly killed Robin when he mistook him for a spy. \"Oh, Robin, this is so beautiful.\" Marian said. \"I thought you might say that.\" Robin remarked and Marian giggled at his remark. Robin went and sat by the river bank. \"This was my favorite spot whenever I was here. When you were in London, I would come back to this very spot very often.\" This left Marian a bit confused. \"But I thought that you didn't come back here for fourteen years.\" \"I hadn't spoken to Eamon in fourteen years, but I always came back to Ireland. The last time I came back here was three years ago…when Cathal Brugha was controlling his army from his prison cell.\" Marian came and sat beside Robin and leaned against him. Robin took his arm and wrapped it around her back. \"Every time I would come here…I would think about you.\" Marian smiled as a tear fell from her eye. They began to share a passionate kiss as the moonlight reflected off of the river. After a few seconds, they heard music coming from the castle. Some of the soldiers were playing music to try to calm their nerves, and soon the whole castle was playing along with whatever instrument they had. Even Eamon was playing with them on his penny whistle. Robin and Marian were near that tower and his penny whistle was most audible to them. The soldiers were playing a beautiful song called Only Our Rivers Run Free . Robin stood up, took Marian's hand and looked into her beautiful brown eyes and smiled. \"May I have this dance, my lady?\" he said in a soft tone of voice. Marian placed her free hand on Robin's shoulder. \"Of course.\" The two of them danced through the song and through other's too. After the first song, the soldiers played songs like Danny Boy, Fields of Athenry, And The Minstrel Boy. As they ended their dance, a messenger came up to the castle. Robin and Marian knew exactly what it meant. A guard knocked on Eamon's door. Eamon ordered him to enter and the guard gave his king the message. \"How many cities have been attacked?\" Eamon asked in a rather dry tone. \"Seven.\" The guard replied. \"The cities of Downpatrick, Derry, Donegal, Lisdoonvarna, Tipperary, Cork, and Newgrange.\" Eamon nodded and ordered the guard to prepare the troops for combat. \"Which city are we to ride out to?\" \"I will decide that. Prepare the men for battle.\" \"Yes, my lord.\" On his way to the map room, Eamon ran into the young couple heading back from their dance. \"Well, Robin, we've been give our marching orders. Meet me in the map room in fifteen minutes.\" Robin and Marian went back to their chamber and got dressed in proper attire. Marian went to go wake Little John and Clucky and told Robin that she would meet him in the map room. In the map room, Eamon and Liam McDermott were leaning over a table with a large map of Ireland spread out over it. Robin entered the map room just before Marian, Clucky and Little John. \"What's going on?\" Little John asked. \"War.\" Eamon replied. \"Seven cities have fallen under attack.\" \"So, which one are we goin' to?\" Clucky said in her thick Scottish accent. \"I'm coming to that now. The cities that have been attacked are Downpatrick, Derry, Donegal, Lisdoonvarna, Tipperary, Cork and Newgrange. Lisdoonvarna has a considerably strong garrison and I think they can handle it. Downpatrick, Derry and Donegal are cities in the north and Niall mac Áeda is one of Ireland's best military leaders, despite his age, and he should have no problems with Cathal Brugha's forces in the north. So that narrows it down to three cities: Tipperary, Cork and Newgrange. I've decided to ride to the city and the battle of the highest priority, and that would be Newgrange, here.\" Eamon pointed to the dot on the map marked Newgrange . \"This town is located just north of the capital city of Dublin. If Cathal Brugha takes this city, he'll have a clear route into Dublin. We must hold this city at all costs.\" The Robin and Little John studied the map for a while, then spoke up. \"What about the other two cities?\" asked Robin. \"I'm sending one thousand men under Seamus Malone's command to Tipperary, and a messenger carrying my apologies to Cork. I can't risk men sending more men away. We need every soldier we can to assist the troops at Newgrange. Now, let's get down to business. Robin, you know what to do.\" \"Right.\" \"Little John, you'll be my second in command for the infantry. Liam McDermott will command the cavalry. Well, I suppose that's it. Let's get ready to move out.\" Clucky and Marian were confused by the fact that they weren't assigned to a position. \"Eamon?\" Marian asked, a bit timidly. \"Where are Clucky and I assigned?\" \"Ah, I haven't quite thought about that.\" As Eamon was thinking, Clucky spoke up. \"Well, they have to be positions where Lady Marian is safe and where I can contribute to the fighting.\" Eamon laughed at the fact that Clucky wanted to fight. He thought about it and finally decided to place her in command of the siege equipment. There she wouldn't be in any real harm and she could still fight. He thought about Marian's position, remembering the promise he made to Robin to keep her out of danger. As he was thinking, Marian made a suggestion. \"In London, I learned a bit about medicine.\" \"Right, we'll place you behind the lines with the medics. Will that work?\" \"Yes.\" They headed for the stables where their horses were waiting for them. Eamon again mounted his jet black horse, dressed in the same attire as when they rode to Athenry. They were informed that it would be a three hour ride to Newgrange. In the stables, many of the men were groaning and joking about the mission that lay ahead. Eamon heard some of the bantering and didn't take a liking to it. Two soldiers were both making jokes about the upcoming battle. \"So, when do you think we're gonna be beaten by Cathal Brugha?\" one of the soldiers joked. He turned around and saw Eamon glaring down at him from his horse and his heart immediately sank. \"When it snows in Hell.\" Eamon replied and rode off to the front of the column. From that point on, there was no more joking around. The troops headed out for Newgrange as the townsfolk stood outside their front doors to bid them all farewell and good luck. Again, Robin made sure to stay with Marian the whole way. The army arrived at Newgrange just a few hours before dawn, and there was a very thick fog. However, something wasn't right when they arrived. In this fog, there was no doubt that they wouldn't be able to see the battle, but the problem was, they couldn't hear a battle either. There was no clanging of swords, no shouting of men, and no roar of siege engines. It was silent, save for some faint marching in the distance. \"Liam, can you see anything?\" Eamon asked. \"I can barely see my hand in front of me face.\" The falcon replied. Eamon took his spyglass and tried to make out the flags flying over the town. All he could see was silhouettes from that distance. He moved closer and the markings became more visible. As he saw the colors, he dropped the spyglass and rammed it shut. \"Damn it all!\" he said. \"We're too late. Cathal Brugha's taken the city!\" The troops all looked at each other in amazement. Eamon ordered a map to be brought out and he and Robin started to come up with a plan. Marian looked at the two friends with the map, as the rest of the troops sat down and rested themselves from the march. Marian could hardly believe what was happening. She looked over at Robin several times, wondering what he and Eamon were discussing. While they were talking, Eamon would stop and ponder for a moment and Robin would look back at Marian. The two smiled at each other, both of them thinking about the other. After Robin and Eamon were finished talking, they called Marian, Little John, Clucky and Liam McDermott over. \"Right, Eamon and I have come up with a plan that should work if all goes well. First off, Clucky and the siege engineers will use the trebuchets to destroy the gate house and the six towers on the wall.\" \"Make sure those shots are accurate, Lady Cluck.\" Eamon said. \"Remember, our goal is to retake the city, not destroy it.\" \"Right. And after that, we'll concentrate fire on the walls. Once they're down, McDermott can move the cavalry into the city. Their job is to create a pocket for the infantry.\" \"That's where Little John and I come in. Once we're inside the city walls, we need to capture the town square. Whoever controls the square controls the city. If we take the midsection, we'll have the advantage. However, there will be hard fighting for control of the square.\" \"That's where my archers come in. We're going to provide the infantry with covering fire. We'll make sure our shot are accurate for you.\" \"Good. Marian, the wounded will probably be paying their visits soon after the start of the battle. Don't worry. You'll only have to take care of the slightly wounded.\" \"Alright.\" Marian replied in a bit of a timid voice. She, along with many in the army, was scared of what lay ahead of them. The trebuchets took their positions and began to fire on the city walls. As they began firing, the infantry took their positions and eagerly awaited the charge. Soon the walls fell and Robin ordered the archers to fire on the enemy. The archers loosed their bows and hundreds of arrows fell on the enemy troops. Liam McDermott then ordered the cavalry to charge and the raced into the city, smashing into the enemy. As soon as the defensive pocket was formed, the infantry charged. The enemy troops quickly fled to the city square. Eamon ordered Liam to prepare the cavalry for a flanking maneuver. The cavalry headed for the northern section of the city. As the troops headed for the city center, Robin ordered his troops into the city. He knew that the infantry would need all the help they could get, as the enemy wouldn't give up the city so easily. But as they neared the walls, some enemy archers, who had remained hidden during the opening moves of the battle, began to fire on the Irish archers. Robin ordered them to fall back and the trebuchets began to fire on the towers again. The towers were destroyed in seconds, and the enemy archers with them. The Irish archers who were wounded were sent to the field hospitals and the rest began to move into the city. The infantry had entered the city square and were having a very hard time breaking through the enemy troops. They had called every soldier back to the square and were very densely packed. Robin's archers opened fire and hundreds of troops fell dead. But unknown to Robin, or Eamon for that matter, enemy archers were stationed in the middle of the formation and they began to return fire. Hundreds of arrows fell on the archers as Robin ordered them to take cover. He ordered one last well-aimed volley on the center of the enemy ranks and the enemy archers fell silent. He then ordered the archers to get out of the city. He had lost over half of his men in that volley. Back at the field hospital, Marian was struck with fear as she saw the archers returning, most of them severely wounded. She kept skimming the group, praying that Robin wasn't hurt. Her fear turned to terror when she heard one of the soldiers talking about how many men they lost. For the rest of the battle, she prayed that Robin was still alive. Back in the city, Robin had taken a sword and shield from a dead Irish soldier and joined Eamon and Little John's ranks. He made his way up to the front where his two friends were fighting. \"Ah, Robin! How nice of you to join the party!\" Eamon said. \"Well, Rob, looks like you can really take some punishment.\" Little John remarked. \"We saw that volley of arrows that fell on you, and…well we thought that was it for you.\" \"Not yet, Johnny!\" Robin replied. The three friends continued to fight on. Robin saw how Eamon fought and decided to follow his example. He was using his shield as a weapon as well as armor. It worked very well. The troops began to push through the enemy ranks. Suddenly, Robin felt a sharp pain in his shoulder as an enemy jabbed a spear into him. And Irish troop saw this and offered his pike. He placed it over Robin's shoulder and Robin took a hold of it. Together, they rammed it into the enemy pikeman, who fell backward, pulling the spear out of Robin's shoulder. Robin then took up his sword and continued to fight on. Just then, Eamon took out a horn and blew into it. The trumpeting sound rang out throughout the city. It was the signal for Liam McDermott to make his cavalry charge. The horses rammed into the enemy troops, killing several of them. The cavalry performed brilliantly, but the enemy soon sent up pikes, and the cavalry began to suffer heavy losses. They soon began to retreat, but during that time, the infantry had fought their way through the enemy ranks and took the pikes on their rear flank, killing them all. Soon the enemy was heavily outnumbered and the remaining troops surrendered. Eamon sent a runner up to the top of the council building to raise the Irish flag. The troops cheered as the Golden Harp began to fly over the city. The battle was theirs. The cheering could be heard all the way from the field hospitals. A messenger arrived to report the victory and all the wounded troops began to join in the cheering. Marian still retained her worried look, praying that Robin was still alive. There had been nothing but bad news from the archers. \"What is the matter, my lady?\"one of the soldiers said. \"We've won the battle.\" \"Yes, but there is someone who I want to see before I can consider this battle won.\" \"Ah, someone you hold dear to your heart?\" Marian nodded and continued to scan the horizon as the troops began to return from the liberated city, desperately looking for her husband. \"Is that all of them?\" she asked one of the returning soldiers. \"Aye. I believe so.\" Grief and terror struck her when she saw that neither Robin nor Eamon had come back and she began to weep. As she lifted her head and prepared to give Robin his final goodbye, she saw two foxes carrying a stretcher, running as fast as they could for the field hospitals. Marian was greatly relieved when she saw that the stretcher bearers were Robin and Eamon. Her husband had made it back alive. Marian was ready to run up to Robin, but they turned away to the center of the field hospital. \"Move! Faugh a ballagh! Faugh a ballagh! (Clear the way! Clear the way!)\" Eamon shouted. On the stretcher was a wounded falcon, the leader of the cavalry. Liam McDermott had been severely wounded. Marian asked one of the other nurses to take her place and she ran to the center of the field hospital. Liam McDermott was laying face-up on the operating table, surgeons doing whatever they could to save his life. Eamon, Clucky and Little John were standing around him. As Marian entered, she heard the surgeons tell Eamon that they didn't think that they could save McDermott at this point. Eamon refused to believe that and ordered them to continue to help the wounded general. Marian searched the crowd for Robin. Then, she heard a voice behind her. \"Marian?\" She whirled around and saw Robin standing behind her. She quickly flung her arms around him, thanking God that he had come back. \"I'm sorry I took so long, my darling.\" Robin said as he held Marian in his arms. \"I'm so happy you're alright. I had heard nothing but bad news from the men.\" Marian said, staring into Robin's eyes. \"I'm not planning on leaving you so soon.\" A warm, comforting smile came over his face as he said these words. \"I love you too much.\" Marian leaned up and kissed Robin passionately, and Robin returned her kiss. After they kissed, their attention turned to the wounded falcon who was near the point of death. Eamon had finally conceded with the medics and allowed them to stop. He knelt beside Liam and began to say his final words to his comrade of five years. \"Eamon, why did this happen?\" McDermott asked. \"I don't know. I suppose life is unpredictable. But I want you to know that you played a great part in this battle, and you will not have died in vain.\" McDermott ordered his squire to fetch his sword and shield, but there was no need. The squire already had them there with him. McDermott took the sword and unsheathed it, laying the hilt on his breast with the blade pointing toward his feet. He looked back and Eamon one last time. \"I would have followed you to the bitter end…my brother…my captain…my king.\" And with that, Liam McDermott breathed his last. Tears began to fall from the squire's eyes, knowing that his master and lord had been killed. Tears also began to fall from Marian's eyes at this tragic scene. Robin hugged Marian, trying to comfort the vixen. Marian kept thinking about how the general's family would handle the news of his death. Liam McDermott did have a family; a wife and two children. Clucky lowered her head and Robin and Little John took of their hats in respect of the fallen hero. Eamon stood up and said his final blessing. He made the sign of the cross and his hand on the falcon's forehead. \"Be at peace…Son of Ireland.\" He took a step back and looked one last time on his friend. \"So passes Liam, Son of Lorcan McDermott.\" Tears began to well up in his eyes as he left the tent and stood outside, facing the town with his head hung low. He began to shake slightly. He then kicked a helmet on the ground next to him and let out a scream of grief and agony as he fell to his knees and began to weep for his fallen friend. Robin, Marian, Little John and Clucky looked on the young fox with a feeling of compassion. They had never seen Eamon like this before. He had always been the strong, unmoved commander of the group, as was clearly demonstrated in Dublin. As he was weeping, the Red Hand flag that once flew over the town landed in front of him after being tossed in the wind by the runner who replaced it with the Irish flag. A furious look appeared in Eamon's eyes as he grabbed the flag. \"You will pay for this, Cathal Brugha.\" Eamon said in a low, dark voice as he eyed the flag in his hand, his eyes almost turning red because of his rage. \"I spared you life once, and that was a mistake that shall not be repeated. This time, Cathal Brugha…you will die.\" He then threw the flag into a vacant campfire, torching the flag instantly. He then stormed back to his tent. Robin, Marian, Little John and Clucky were terrified now. Once again they had never seen Eamon like this. It was like he was almost possessed. They had never seen him in this much rage. As he stormed off, Marian attention turned to Robin's shoulder. \"Robin, you're wounded!\" she said in a surprised and shocked tone. \"Oh, this? It's nothing.\" Robin replied. \"What happened?\" \"We were in the square and one of the enemy soldiers stabbed me with his spear. It's only a slight wound.\" \"Well, Eamon said I have to treat the slightly wounded.\" Marian said in a bit of a playful tone. She took Robin to the northern section of the field hospital and began to patch his wound. As she was patching it up, she kept thinking and thanking God that he returned safely. After his wound was patched, Eamon called Robin to his quarters to discuss Cathal Brugha's next move. Robin entered the tent and saw Eamon sitting at his desk, a single candle burning in front of him, and he was just sitting and staring into the candle. He saw Robin and just nodded in recognition as he began the briefing. Marian continued to heal the wounded from the battle as Robin and Eamon studied the map and determined where the Red Hand would strike next. Robin came out of the tent with a bit of a discouraged face. From what Eamon said, it sounded like they were in for the fight of their lives. \"What did Eamon say?\" Marian asked with a concerned voice. \"Cathal Brugha's gathering his forces to attack Dublin.\" Robin replied. \"We're pulling back to the Plains of Meath to hold them off.\" Marian knew how important a city Dublin was and she understood that Cathal Brugha needed to take this city if he was going to win this war. Robin looked into his wife's eyes and he saw how scared she was. She just wasn't used to this at all. Robin smiled as he pulled Marian toward him and hugged her tightly. Tears began to fall from Marian's eyes as she thought about the inevitable battle that lay just ahead of them. She knew that if Liam McDermott was capable of being killed, then so was Robin. Robin lifted her chin and stared into her beautiful brown eyes and wiped away her tears. \"Robin, can you promise me something?\" Marian said. \"Anything.\" Tears again began to form in her eyes as he hugged Robin again. \"Please don't die.\" she wept. \"Of course I won't die. Like I said, I love you too much to leave you now.\" The two began to share a passionate kiss as the sun peeked above the horizon. (To hear the songs mentioned, Only Our Rivers Run Free, The Minstrel Boy, Fields of Athenry, and Danny Boy, go to Youtube.)[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: The Battle of Meath The morning broke as the army made its way to the Plains of Meath outside the city of Dublin. A few hours ago, word had been sent out that Cathal Brugha was planning to strike Dublin. As the army of Connacht approached the fields, they saw Irish banners in the distance, accompanied by some ten thousand men. These were the men of Leinster, under the command of General Brian Mac Ateer. They were the first to receive the news of Cathal Brugha's approach. Eamon went up to the general and began to speak to him in Irish Gaelic. Drums were then heard in the distance as a horseboy came riding up, bearing news of the victory at Cork. More Irish flags were seen over the horizon as the army of Munster joined the Irishmen on the field. Another messenger came bearing news of the victories in Ulster and that Niall mac Áeda would soon be joining the fight with some ten thousand men. When all the armies had arrived, the Irish had amassed nearly fifty thousand men, a huge force. They all had just one job: keep Cathal Brugha out of Dublin. After camp was set, Robin and Little John were called into the generals' tent to plan their defense. Marian and Clucky would keep their same positions as before. Robin was placed in command of the entire archer division, Little John was in charge of the pikemen, Seamus Malone, who was met by Eamon's troops when they first arrived, would take Liam McDermott's place as commander of the Connacht cavalry and Eamon would lead the infantry. The plan of defense was to station troops on the plains, a few miles out, and place the rest of the troops closer to Dublin, where they had the home field advantage. It would take an entire day to set up the troops. \"It's like we're setting the board for the world's greatest game of chess.\" Eamon remarked. Several trebuchets and catapults were placed on the frontline with pikes to protect them and elite swordsmen known as the Muire. They were trained as knights and were unmatched in combat. Alongside them were swordsmen know as Ostmen. They were less equipped but still expertly trained. They were stationed there for the rest of the night. Robin's archers remained with the rest of the army near Dublin. The troops were finally in place by the end of the day. As the sun set, the men celebrated their victories at Cork, Newgrange and Ulster. As the men were reveling, Eamon was still grieving over Liam McDermott. Robin then came forward and all eyes turned to him. \"Gentlemen, although we are proud of these victories, they come at a price. Tonight we remember a great man who gave his life along with many others to help keep this country safe. Tonight we remember General Liam McDermott, and extraordinary leader, a loyal husband to his wife, and a wonderful father of two children. He led an excellent life and he died a hero. Hail Liam McDermott, and hail the victorious dead!\" Tears began to flow from the eyes of several men. \"There was never another man like McDermott!\" \"He was a true Irishman!\" Several others said their own words about the general. \"And if only there was any way…to bring him back.\" Eamon said head hung low. After they held there service to Liam, most of the men retired for the night. That night, Marian searched for Robin. Little John and Clucky were asleep, trying to get as much rest as possible. She found him sitting on a hill that overlooked the battlefield, smoking a pipe. He was just sitting and thinking. Marian came up and sat beside him. He looked at her and smiled as she leaned against him. He placed his arm around her back as they stared at a beautiful full moon. \"Something tells me that we're getting near the end of this conflict.\" Robin said. \"I hope it ends soon, so you and I can go back to Nottingham and just enjoy life.\" \"There's nothing else I'd rather want.\" Marian replied as she hugged Robin. She rested her head against Robin's chest and let out a deep sigh. Robin kissed her head as they looked out into the night together. \"Robin?\" \"Hmm?\" \"Do you really think this plan will work? Do you think we can win?\" \"I'm sure of it. But I don't want to think about that right now. Let's just enjoy each other's company, shall we?\" Marian looked up and gave Robin a tender kiss. \"Of course.\" As they stared into the sky, a cloud blocked the moon and all the stars that were hidden by the silver moonlight were revealed. It was the most amazing sight that they had ever seen. \"If only I had a chance to propose to you in a setting like this.\" Robin remarked. Marian giggled thinking about his proposal during the archery tournament, with the guards chasing them and arrows flying everywhere. \"It doesn't matter where you proposed. I would have said yes whether we were being chased by Prince John's soldiers or if we were here under the stars.\" Robin smiled and kissed her cheek. \"I love you, Marian.\" \"I love you too, Robin.\" Many of the troops had fallen asleep and the two decided to do the same. They knew it probably wouldn't be long before the enemy came knocking. They entered their tent and climbed into their cots which were placed right next to each other, so it was like one large cot. They stared into each other's eyes, smiling as they lay there. \"Please be careful out there, Robin.\" Robin gave his wife a long kiss. \"Of course, my love.\" The two vulpines fell into a deep sleep. The next morning, they were woken up very early when they heard a scout from the frontline shouting that the enemy was there. Robin and Marian looked at each other and immediately got up and prepared for the battle. They heard Eamon ask the messenger what was going on. The messenger replied, \"Cathal Brugha, the big man himself!\" With those words, the entire camp was awake and scrambling to prepare for the battle. Robin rushed to the field armory where he met Littlie John gearing up. He was dressed in a very large chain mail vest, a green tunic, a Leinster claymore sword on his side and a pike in his hand. Robin chose a suit of chain mail armor, a yew bow, much like the one he was used to, and an Irish broadsword. He went outside to meet Eamon. He was at the stables, preparing to ride out to the frontline with Seamus Malone. He was dressed in his green tunic with the Golden Harp on his breast, chain mail armor, his dark cloak, dark gloves and Irish broadsword. He saw Robin and informed him that he wanted him to ride out with him. He didn't have to bring any archers. He just wanted him to get a look at what his archers would be facing. Marian arrived at the stables in her field hospital uniform and begged Robin to let her come with them. She wanted to be there with her husband. Eamon decided that there was no harm in it, but she would have to find cover once the battle started. Eamon had placed ten thousand men on the frontline and the other forty thousand near Dublin. They quickly rode out and arrived on the frontline within about ten minutes. Robin, Marian and Seamus were amazed at the size of Cathal Brugha's forces. His first wave consisted of at least fifty thousand soldiers. His full force was at least three hundred thousand strong. However Eamon was unmoved. Though the enemy army dwarfed theirs, it consisted of only fairly trained men: spear militias, Irishmen who were once part of their town watch, some moderately trained swordsmen. The strongest threat in the formation was the armored sergeants, and they still weren't very much of a threat. Robin took out his spyglass to survey the enemy army. His eyes suddenly widened as he saw the leader of the army. It was a large, dark-grey wolf, dressed in a black tunic and cloak and a claymore sword by his side. It was the same wolf he had seen in his nightmare back in Nottingham. The wolf he had seen in his nightmare was the infamous rebel, Cathal Brugha. They took up positions at the front of the formation. On the other side of the field, Cathal Brugha spotted Eamon through his spyglass. \"Ah, young Eamon Kavanagh, the new king of Connacht. This should be very interesting. I actually get a chance to fight two generations in one lifetime. Heh, this should be quite easy.\" Cathal Brugha remarked. \"My lord, don't get too overconfident. He has probably learned much under his father.\" one of his advisors cautioned. Cathal Brugha completely ignored him. \"He is only twenty-six, still too young to know how to properly lead an army. I shall deal with his troops very swiftly.\" Cathal Brugha then ordered his troops to prepare for the charge. As the enemy started howling their war chants, the Irish troops began to waver. The enemy forces were just too many. Seamus Malone and Eamon rode to the front of the troops. \"Hold your ground men!\" Seamus yelled. \"I know the enemy are many, but you are Irish soldiers. You can defeat them. Will you fight?\" \"No. the enemy are too many.\" a soldier said. \"Will we fight against that? No. we will run, and we will live.\" The other soldiers started to shout there agreements to Seamus. This was where Eamon stepped in. \"You there,\" Eamon said pointing to a soldier, \"will you fight?\" \"No!\" the soldier replied. \"You, what about you?\" \"No!\" \"And what about you?\" \"No!\" \"Shame on you. You dare call yourselves Irishmen! You dare call yourselves Celts! Shame. You now have a chance to regain what you have lost! You have a chance to regain your land from the hands of an ancient enemy! Now you are prepared to run. I can guarantee that not a single day will pass in your life that you will not regret walking away and letting them get the best of you! Run if you will, but I will not follow. We have come too far and I will stay and fight for what is rightfully ours. This land is the one place we can call home and I will not let it fall! But believe me, I know your fear. True a day may come when the courage of our race fails. But today is not that day. Today, the line must be drawn here! Our enemies shall advance no farther! This will be no easy task, I know. Our enemy is well trained and well equipped. We will fight harder than we have ever fought before, but failure is not an option! Believe me when I say we can break our enemy here! Each one of you is worth more than they are! I say to you what every warrior has known since the beginning of time, and that is if you wish to be free men, then you must fight to fulfill that promise! The last thing that our enemy will hear will be the twang of our bows, the last thing they shall see will be our proud banners, the last thing they shall feel will be the steel of our blades and they shall know what we are capable of! Let no man forget our strength! This is your hour. Seize the hour. Do not surrender. Fight to the death. Tell our enemies that this…this is our land. And now I ask you one last time: will you fight?\" The troops remained silent for a moment before Eamon asked again. \"Will you fight!\" Suddenly, every troop began to cheer as they drew their blades and started taunting the enemy. \"Men! Harken to me!\" Eamon yelled. \"You will remember this battle, gentlemen. You will remember every minute of it, every second of it, until the day that you die. For this battle will be yours to remember for the rest of your lives.\" Eamon dismounted his horse and took up a shield with the Golden Harp emblazoned on the front. A voice was heard on the other side of the battlefield. \"Eamon Kavanagh, lay down you weapons!\" the voice shouted. Eamon had only one reply: \"Cathal Brugha,\" Eamon shouted as he drew his sword, \"come and get them!\" The enemy then sounded the charge and the Battle of Meath began. Robin led Marian to a thicket where they could view the battle from a safe distance. Marian desperately wanted to leave but Robin needed to know how the troops were doing so he could give an accurate report to the troops on the second line. As the enemy formation neared the Irish troops, they heard Eamon's voice. \"Give them nothing…but take from them everything!\" As the enemy was just about to clash with the Irish forces, he shouted the three words that had been the heart of the Irish people since the dawn of their civilization: \"ÉIREANN GO BRÁCH!\" And as he ended those words, Cathal Brugha's forces slammed into the Irishmen and the fighting began. The battle raged for another two hours, neiter side willing to give up. Soon, Cathal Brugha's forces lost too many men and were forced to retreat. The death ratio was amazing. Cathal Brugha had lost over seven thousand men and the Irish had lost no one. Not a single soldier was even wounded. The enemy troops were quickly reassembled and prepared to strike again. But before the charge was sounded, Robin and Marian saw what looked like a dark cloud rising from the trees it began to grow larger and large as it began to fall on the Irish. \"Shields up!\" Eamon yelled as thousands of arrows fell on them. It was like a dark rain of wood and iron. As their shields held up against the volley, Eamon began to laugh. \"What is it, my lord?\" one of the Ostmen asked. \"What was the Spartans reply to the Persians after they threatened to blot out the sun with their arrows?\" Eamon replied. The Ostman grinned. \" Then we shall fight in the shade.\" Soon the volley ended and the sun reappeared. The Irishmen stood up and used their swords to brush the arrows off of their shields as they braced themselves for the next assault. Once again they held of the attackers with no casualties. In that last wave, the Irishmen had killed nearly twenty-three thousand men. By the end of that day, Cathal Brugha had lost thirty thousand men. The enemy's morale was hurt very badly, knowing that they had lost thirty thousand men to only ten thousand. Cathal Brugha held his men back and decided to try again under the cover of darkness. But this time, he knew that he would have to change tactics. For the rest of the day, he planned a great assault that would badly cripple the Irish forces. Robin and Marian returned to the main force to report the victory over Cathal Brugha's forces. The men all began to cheer as the heard about the damage they inflicted on the enemy. They thought that if they could stand up to thirty thousand men and make it out with no casualties, then they had a chance at victory. But at the same time, they knew that they had only taken out one tenth of the enemy's full force and this battle was no reason to let their guard down. That night, the troops retired with confident spirits. Robin felt safe in the knowledge that the frontline was holding and Eamon was leading the troops. He and Marian fell into a quite peaceful sleep that night, along with everyone else. But this peace was short lived. Soon, Robin and Marian heard the troops yelling and shouting at everyone to get up. Cathal Brugha's cavalry was making an attack on the camp. They had surpassed the frontline through a secret pass that not even the high king knew about, and they were inflicting heavy casualties on the troops. Robin got up and told Marian to stay in the tent and everything would be fine and kissed her as he left to help fight the cavalry. Robin saw Little John near the field hospital, with two pikes in his hand. When he saw Robin, he tossed him a pike and the two of them began to fight off the cavalrymen. At the same time this was happening, Eamon's men had fallen under surprise attack by the enemy infantry. For the first time in the Battle of Meath, the enemy began to inflict casualties on the Irish. But the Irishmen held firm and fought hard, trying desperately not to let the Red Hand through. But soon, their numbers began to dwindle and Eamon knew that they couldn't keep fighting like this. \"My lord, we can't keep this up.\" One of the officers said. \"I know.\" Eamon replied. \"Call everybody back.\" The officer just stood there. \"Call them back!\" Eamon repeated. \"Fall back! Fall back!\" the officer shouted as the troops began to retreat. \"Fall back to the city! Retreat to Dublin!\" Eamon called. The remainder of the troops fled the field and the frontline was broken. As they fled, the enemy shouted \"Le haghaidh leis an Bráithreachas!\" at the troops. The made it back to the second line as they saw what had happened to the camp. Several men were killed and many of the tents that served as living quarters for the men were destroyed. Thankfully, the armory and field hospitals were intact. General Mac Ateer asked Eamon about the casualties on the frontline. They had lost five thousand troops, half of their force. Eamon asked Mac Ateer about their casualties and he learned that they had also lost roughly five thousand. \"And there's one more thing.\" Mac Ateer said. \"What?\" \"Seamus Malone…He's dead.\" Eamon's eyes grew large as he took a step back. \"He was shot in the chest by a horse-mounted archer. He died instantly.\" Tears began to form in Eamon's eyes as he heard this. He thanked Mac Ateer for the information and said that Seamus Malone would be buried back in Galway with Liam McDermott. He looked out onto the field again as he said a prayer for the men who died. \"The Battle of Meath is over.\" he said. \"I expect that the Battle of Dublin is about to begin.\" Robin returned to his tent to see Marian, but when he entered, she was gone. A note had been left on her cot and Robin began to read it. His eyes widened and he fell to his knees as he read the note. Marian had been kidnapped and taken back to the enemy's camp.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: The Battle of Dublin News of Marian's capture reached Little John, Clucky and Eamon very soon. She was being held for ransom by Cathal Brugha; twenty-five thousand pieces of gold. Eamon sent a message to his enemy stating that if the ransom wasn't lowered, he would continue to fight and slaughter his men. But Eamon knew that Cathal Brugha was now fully capable of putting up a good fight. That last sneak attack had greatly demoralized the men and they were even more demoralized that afternoon, when Cathal Brugha's full force appeared on the field. Three hundred thousand troops now stood in front of only thirty thousand. They were outnumbered ten to one. But Eamon refused to surrender as he prepared for the beginning of the Battle of Dublin. The enemy fell upon them, wave after wave, but these waves broke upon them, as Eamon put it, like water on rock. The first few waves were easily defeated, but Cathal Brugha was only warming up. Soon he sent several waves of well-trained armored swordsmen and they began to inflict casualties on the Irishmen. The fighting lasted for three days, and each day, Robin prayed that the ransom for Marian would decrease enough for them to get her back. On the third day of battle, Eamon made his last desperate move. He called a messenger into his quarters and handed him a folded piece of parchment. \"I want you to take this to Edinburgh, Scotland, to a Lord MacBain. His first name is Malcom. Tell him that the message is from Lord Eamon Kavanagh and that I desperately need his help. Do not stop for anything. If the boat anchors for the night, take a life boat the rest of the way. I need this message to get to Lord MacBain as quickly as possible.\" And with that the messenger fled for Edinburgh. Back at Cathal Brugha's camp, Marian was being kept in a makeshift prison, constructed of a wooden palisade. The whole time she was in there, she kept thinking about Robin. After she was captured, she managed to hide her wedding ring, as the troops were ordered to search her for anything valuable. She kept fiddling with it in her hands, thinking of Robin and finally began to weep, fearing that she would never see him again. As she was weeping, a guard came in and said that Cathal Brugha wanted a word with her. He grabbed her arm and pulled her off of the ground and he dragged the vixen to his general's tent. Marian's heart sank as she came face to face with the wolf who was Cathal Brugha. \"Ah, the fair Maid Marian, wife of the famous Robin Hood.\" the wolf said in the tone of a James Bond villain: suave, but evil. \"I hope you have been treated well. Now I have a proposal for you. If you answer all my questions, I will lift the ransom and you will be free to return to your husband…if he's still alive.\" Cathal Brugha said, laughing after mentioning the possibility that Robin was dead. \"What I want to know is the plan of defense for the Irish forces. How many troops do they have in the city itself? How do they plan to protect it? How is it possible that they continue to defeat my troops when they are clearly outnumbered?\" \"Please let me go.\" Marian said. \"I don't know anything.\" \"Of course you do! Do you actually think that I would believe you know nothing after travelling with this army for so long? Why don't we start from the beginning? Question one: How many soldiers do the Irish have in the city of Dublin?\" \"I don't know.\" Cathal Brugha glared at the vixen trying to force the answer out of her, but Marian was unmoved. \"Question two: How do they plan to defend Dublin?\" Marian was about to answer but she thought that the plan must have changed with the frontline defense gone. \"I don't know.\" she said. \"You're trying my patience. Question three: How is it possible that these Irishmen are capable of holding out against my superior forces? These men are inferior compared to us, all of them; Kavanagh, Malone, and especially Robin Hood. He's nothing but an outlaw and a knave. How is it possible that such scum can withstand my forces?\" \"They are holding out because they are superior!\" Marian shouted. \"You will never defeat them! They are winning because they strong in heart and spirit and they are fighting for a pure cause!\" \"SILENCE!\" Cathal Brugha shouted and Marian felt her heart sink again. \"I will not stand for such insult in my own ranks! Get her out of my sight now! And from this point, the ransom has been doubled!\" The guard pulled her off the ground and threw her back into the prison. She began to weep at the enemy general's cruelty. Cathal Brugha sent a messenger to Robin informing him that the ransom had doubled. Robin crumpled the paper and threw it in anger. He knew there was no way they could pay fifty thousand gold pieces. The fighting would continue for two more days. After those two days, Robin had enough and demanded that Eamon find some way to help Marian. There was nothing they could do but pay the fee, but there was no way that they could raise the money. Eamon made a desperate move and sent a message to the high king. The message demanded that Brian Boru supply them with the money needed and that a reply was expected within the hour. The message was received. An hour later, a messenger from Dublin came with a bag of fifty thousand gold pieces. After they received the gold, Eamon ordered a soldier to prepare a white flag for them to enter the enemy camp with. Robin, Little John and Eamon took the flag and gold and entered the enemy camp. They were led to the general's tent and there, for the first time in ten years, Eamon came face to face with the man who tried to kill his father. The whole time, he had to restrain himself from pulling out his sword and killing the wolf. \"Ah, Eamon Kavanagh.\" \"Cathal Brugha. You have someone we want. We have the money here and now I demand the release of Maid Marian.\" \"Very well.\" Cathal Brugha ordered the guard to bring the vixen forward. The guard went to the prison and brought Marian to the general's tent. Eamon then handed over the money and Marian was turned loose. She saw Robin and quickly an up to him, throwing her arms around her husband. Cathal Brugha simply snickered at the sight. \"Now Kavanagh, I am giving you two choices: you can fight and you will all die, or you can surrender, in which case only most of you will die.\" Eamon stepped forward glared at his enemy, his face right up to his. \"You attempted to kill my father, you attacked our homeland, burned homes, hospitals, churches, killed many innocent people, all of which, crimes that cannot be forgiven. We will fight…and you will die.\" \"So be it.\" Cathal Brugha said in a whisper. The group then turned away and headed back for their camp. They exited the enemy's ranks and went up the hill to where their troops were placed, Marian clinging to Robin the whole way. Clucky ran up to Marian as they reentered the camp and the two friends hugged each other. \"Ah, Marian, ya had to go and get yourself kidnapped!\" Clucky said and Marian giggled at her remark Soon, after Marian was finished greeting Clucky, it was Eamon's turn for relief as they heard bagpipes being played in the distance accompanied by a drum corps. They all recognized the tune as Scotland the Brave . Eamon pulled out his spyglass and looked toward the northern horizon as he saw seven pipers blowing into bagpipes. Behind them was a large mass of soldiers and several banners; a white X emblazoned on a dark blue background. It was the flag of Scotland. He looked out onto the battlefield and saw that Cathal Brugha's forces were beginning to waver at the sight of the forces as the Irish army began to cheer and revel. Scotland had come to aid in the fight. Hope was finally kindled. As the Scots entered the Irish camp, they were greeted by the troops, who welcomed them very generously. The Scottish leader approached Eamon, accompanied by his three other commanders. \"Well, I have to say that was quite an entrance.\" Eamon remarked. \"Well, what can I say? I'm Scottish.\" replied the eagle who was leading the Scottish troops. The two friends laughed and shook hands. \"It's good to see you again, old friend. I can't tell you how much this means to us. Thank you.\" \"My pleasure. My troops have been growing restless anyway.\" The eagle replied in a thick Scottish accent. \"Well, perhaps I should introduce you to my other friends.\" Eamon introduced the eagle as Malcom MacBain of Edinburgh, Scotland. \"This is Lady Cluck, Little John, Marian and her husband, Robin Hood.\" Malcom was struck with amazement when he heard Robin's name. \"Are you the Robin Hood of Nottingham?\" \"Yes, I am. You know me?\" \"Well, I wouldn't be surprised if all of Britannia knew your name. You've become quite famous as the one who robs from the rich and gives to the poor.\" \"Well those days are over, and we never robbed anyone. We just borrowed a bit from those who could afford it.\" Marian giggled at Robin's little remark. She knew Robin never liked the sound of the word 'rob'. \"Well, it's a pleasure to finally meet you. All of you\" Malcom said. \"Well Malcom, I hope you brought plenty of bagpipes. They seemed to hurt the enemy's morale a great bit.\" Eamon said. \"Don't worry there's plenty more where they came from.\" \"Do they know how to play 'the usual'?\" \"Aye, I believe so.\" \"What's 'the usual'?\" Robin asked. \"Oh, you'll see come tomorrow.\" Eamon said. That night, the troops gave the Scots a proper welcome as they held a party in the camp for them. The Irish couldn't thank them enough for coming, now that they had lost over ten thousand men. Robin and Marian spent the night alone together. They wandered near the city walls just about a mile away from the camp as they looked out at the two armies. Somehow, it was an amazing sight. The sight of hundreds of campfires illuminating the field was just beautiful. They sat on the hill in each other's arms as they stared out to the horizon, the silver moonlight illuminating the Emerald Isle for miles. \"I'm so glad you're safe, Marian. I'm sorry I let this happen. I should have been there with you.\" Robin said in a soft and regretful tone. \"It wasn't your fault. If you had stayed there they would have killed you. I'm just so happy that you were there to get me out.\" \"Well, you'll have to thank High King Brian Boru for that. He was the one who gave us the money to release you.\" Marian giggled as she rested her head on her husband's chest. Robin smiled and rubbed Marian's arm, thanking God for her return. \"Robin?\" \"Hmm?\" \"Do you think we'll ever see Nottingham again?\" \"Of course we will. Tomorrow this will be all over and we can finally return home. I promise.\" Tears began to form in Marian's eyes as she thought of Robin. She was so afraid of the idea that he could die in this battle. Robin saw this and wiped her tears away. Marian hugged Robin tightly for several minutes and Robin returned her embrace. He then lifted her hand with the golden wedding ring on it. \"I'll never forget that day for as long as I live; the happiest day of my life.\" he said. \"Neither will I.\" The two then began to share a long, passionate kiss under the moonlight. As they continued to stare off into the horizon, they began to doze off and fell asleep together on the high ground of Dublin. The troops were restless that night as they waited for Cathal Brugha's attack, but it never came. They didn't know it yet, but the Battle of Dublin would be the last time Cathal Brugha would ever attack the Irish people. The next morning, Robin and Marian were awakened by the sound of the Irish drum corps. They were beating the cadence that signaled the start of the bombardment on Cathal Brugha's army. The Scottish pipers accompanied them on their bagpipes, playing a medley of three Irish songs; Rising of the Moon, The Minstrel Boy, and Faugh a Ballagh. As the music was playing, Robin and Marian could see the trebuchets firing on the enemy troops. Robin led his vixen back to the camp to prepare for the final battle. Marian went back to their tent and got dressed in her field hospital uniform as robin went to the armory and geared up. As he was searching through the collection of swords, he realized that he didn't have his sword belt and ran back to the tent to get it. As he was on his way, he ran into Marian who was on her way to the field hospital. He smiled and gave her a tender kiss. As he continued to the tent, Marian grabbed his hand and he spun around. She gave him a weak smile as they looked into each other's eyes. \"Be careful, Robin.\" she said. \"Of course.\" Robin gave her another tender kiss and they parted for the battle. Robin got his sword belt and grabbed an Irish broadsword from the armory. He joined the archers on the battlefield as the troops began to form up for the final assault. As the trebuchets eased fire, Robin gave the order for the archers to open fire. Thousands of arrows were unleashed and, like Cathal Brugha's archers in the Battle of Meath, they blotted out the sun. They fell on the enemy troops with amazing accuracy killing thousands. The enemy began to waver and a few of the troops actually fled for their lives. After the archers had emptied their quivers, Robin took a shield and joined the ranks on the men. The troops were mixed together, with the banners dispersed throughout the ranks. He made his way up to the front with Eamon, Little John, and Malcom MacBain. \"Ah Robin, welcome to the fight.\" Eamon said. \"I thought you were probably gonna stay behind with Marian after that volley. By the way, good shots.\" Little John said. \"And let you have all the fun without me? Not a chance! And thank you.\" Robin replied. The troops took their positions and prepared to march. \"Well Malcom, I believe it's time to give them the 'usual'.\" Eamon said. \"Aye, I believe so.\" Malcom turned back to the pipers. \"Lads! Highland March!\" \"Aye, sir!\" the pipers replied in unison. \"We're still clearly outnumbered.\" Eamon said. \"Aye, but they're clearly outmatched.\" The pipers began to blow into their pipes and played Highland March, a song said to keep the soldiers marching as long as it was playing and the formation began to march forward. The enemy forces began to do whatever they could to stop the Irish and Scottish troops. They sent what was left of the siege equipment to the front and began to fire on them. Their shots were very inaccurate but a few shots did hit the ranks. They were unmoved by the artillery fire, though, and continued to march forward. The enemy troops were ordered to fire everything that they had but nothing stopped them. They just kept coming. Back at the camp, all the nurses gathered at the front of the camp to watch the men march into the fray and it was an amazing sight. The sight of the huge numbers and numerous banners accompanied by the bagpipes sent chills down everyone's spine, even Marian's. She would not deny that it was an amazing sight. As she watched, she kept thinking about Robin, but instead of worrying about him, this time a smile came over her face knowing that he was in those ranks. She knew that this was the end, and the Irish and Scots were going to claim victory. As the song came to a close, Eamon blew into a horn and the formation charged for the enemy troops. The enemy began to waver as fifty thousand Irish and Scottish troops slammed into them. The enemy fought as hard as they could for an hour, but to no avail and began to flee for their lives, but as the fled into the brush behind them, they were cut off by Scottish crossbowmen that had snuck around the enemy's rear flank during the battle. Several of the fleeing troops were cut down, but the crossbowmen were ordered to cease fire after they saw many of the troops raise their hands and surrender. The whole fight lasted and hour and twenty minutes. But the battle was far from over. Eamon and Robin were confused when they heard from one young soldier that the number of men captured, added to the casualties of that day, the casualties of the previous five days and the casualties from the Battle of Meath only added up to two hundred thousand out of three hundred thousand. They were also informed that Cathal Brugha was not present at the battle. Robin and Eamon looked at each other with an expression of shock as they heard this news. Their shock would turn to terror when they learned from a scout that in the night, Cathal Brugha had taken one hundred thousand men and overran Newgrange, and had just been spotted a few miles north of Dublin. Eamon then gave the order to the troops to fortify the city. Robin ran back to the camp and led the archers, siege equipment and the medical staff through the western entrance of the city. Marian had no idea what was happening as they fled into the city and Robin explained everything as they passed through the gates. The city bell was sounded and all the townsfolk fled to the citadel. Robin took Marian inside and helped her find a safe place for her. As they entered, most of the citizens were already inside and the only place that was safe enough for Marian was a chamber in a tower that overlooked the whole city. There, she would be safe and she could witness the battle. She gave Robin one last kiss as he left to help defend the walls. Eamon was experienced in city and castle defense and came up with a plan similar to one that he had used several years before in Lisdoonvarna. The city had a three-ring defense. From his scouts' reports, the enemy had trebuchets, battering rams, and ladders. He suspected that Cathal Brugha would breach the first wall with the trebuchets, use the ladders to scale the second level, and use the battering ram to enter the castle courtyard. The outermost wall would be left undefended to lure Cathal Brugha into a false sense of superiority, while archers would be placed on the second wall. The archers would be supported by the Ulster Swordsmen, soldiers skilled with the two-handed claymore, and Scottish Noble Swordsmen, the Scots' best trained infantry units. They would be responsible for protecting the archers from enemy infantry that tried to scale the walls. The third level would be defended by Muire swordsmen, Scottish Highland Archers, a mix of Irish and Scottish pikemen and a secret weapon that the Irish had been working on for years: the Culverin, a cannon capable of striking its target from a mile away and a weapon that had a devastating effect on infantry. If the enemy began to retreat, Eamon gave them orders to chase them out of the city and out of Ireland. Soon, the troops were positioned accordingly and the battle began. Just as Eamon suspected, Cathal Brugha began to use his trebuchets to breach the walls. The walls quickly fell and thousand s of troops began to march into the city. It wouldn't be long before they realized that they had fallen into a trap. As soon as the enemy was in range, Robin ordered all archers to open fire. The archers loosed their bows and thousands of arrows fell on the unsuspecting enemy. They quickly took cover as Cathal Brugha ordered the entire army into the breach. Again, as Eamon suspected, the enemy brought up ladders and prepared to scale the wall, but it took fifteen for the ladders to reach the wall, as Robin's archers kept cutting down the troops. The archers were in a lucky position as they were stationed right in front of the archery range, where every arrow, bow and quiver was made, and the crafters were happy to keep making arrows for the men. They were very skilled at their job and they easily produced sixty arrows per minute. Eventually, the ladders did make it to the wall and the troops began to climb. The first ones to the top were knocked off the ladders, but the troops finally made it onto the walls and the fighting began. Robin shouldered his bow and pulled out his Irish broadsword to help fight the enemy. Several of them were knocked off of the walls, including Robin, but the fall wasn't enough to kill a man. The enemy then took the some of the ladders and lifted them over the wall and began to descend into the second ring. The men in the archery range fired on the first group of enemies and they all fell off of the ladders, dead. The men who had been knocked off the walls prepared to fight the enemy as Cathal Brugha's men made it into the second level. They were outnumbered on the ground, but they still fought hard. As Robin was fighting, he felt a hard blow to his face as he was knocked to the ground. As the enemy soldier was prepared to stab him, he was hit by three arrows and fell to the ground. Robin spun around and saw Eamon, Little John and Malcom MacBain standing there with shouldered crossbows. Eamon walked up and pulled Robin off the ground. He then looked over at the soldier they just killed. \"And your mother too.\" he said as he spat in the dead soldier's face. He told Robin to get the men out of there and to retreat to the third level. He did so as the Culverins loaded a grape shot and prepared to fire. As soon as the last of the Celtic troops fled behind the wall, the Culverins fired their shots. The sound they made was incredible. The loud 'BOOM' shook the ground and it could even be felt in the citadel. The grape shots pelted the enemy and two hundred enemy troops fell dead in the first volley. Fear came over the forces of the Brotherhood as the first shots were fired. They had never seen a weapon like this. They were about to flee, but a Brotherhood captain rallied his men and cries of \"Le haghaidh leis an Bráithreachas!\" began to erupt from the enemy troops. Soon the enemy brought up their battering ram and began to batter down the gates. Inside, the troops braced themselves and the pikemen formed a spear wall, a Scottish rendition of the Greek phalanx. The enemy breached the gate and the enemy poured into the courtyard. They fought for twenty minutes and both sides suffered heavy losses. As they were fighting, Eamon was shot by three arrows, one in shoulder, one in his arm and one in his leg. He was pulled back and received medical attention. After he was healed, Robin came up and suggested one last crazy move. Eamon immediately protested, but Robin held firm. Eamon conceded and prayed that it would work. He ordered the men on the walls to spin the Culverins around and load the grape shots. Eamons main concern was friendly fire. The shots had to be perfect. The gunners also took this into account and propped the back of the carriage on the parapet to make sure that they were aiming of Cathal Brugha's forces. They opened fire and killed several of the Brotherhood's forces. They fired three more shots on the enemy and the enemy troops finally broke and ran for the shore. As ordered, the Celtic troops chased the enemy as far as they could. News of the victory reached the townsfolk within a few minutes and the palace walls echoed with cheering. Marian quickly ran downstairs and asked one of the wounded Irish soldiers where the troops were going. He informed her that Eamon had ordered the troops to pursue the remaining enemy forces and that they were probably already on the fields outside Dublin by now. One of the townsfolk offered to take Marian to the fields with his horse and buggy. Marian thanked him and he took her to the breach in the first wall. She informed him that she was willing to walk the rest of the way and thanked him again. She ran out to the field, looking for Robin. The enemy was still fleeing and the troops were still pursuing them. She then looked slightly to her right and saw Robin, Little John, and Malcom MacBain standing around a dark grey wolf with their swords drawn and held up to his chest and throat. Marian ran up to Robin and the two of them embraced each other. As they were hugging, Eamon Kavanagh walked up to Cathal Brugha with the most furious look on his face, his sword drawn. He stood and stared down at the wolf. He raised his sword and prepared to deliver the final strike but stopped as he saw a piece of parchment lying on the ground next to Cathal Brugha. He picked it up and read a letter that the Brotherhood general had written to his wife. My darling, Soon this war will finally be over and we will have claimed victory. The time has finally come when we will have achieved what we have been striving for for so long, a better home. I can't wait for you to see this amazing country. I've never seen a land more beautiful. This will be the perfect home for us and our children. I cannot tell you how much I miss you. The battle nears now. I will see you when this is all finally over. Cathal Brugha As Eamon finished reading this, he dropped it and placed his sword back into its scabbard. He then ordered Little John and Malcom to do the same. Cathal Brugha crawled to Eamon's feet and retrieved the letter. As he collected it, Eamon grabbed him by his tunic and lifted him so that his eyes were level with his, still furious with the fact that this wolf had terrorized the people of Ireland and tried to kill his father, no matter what his motivations were. \"Please spare me.\" Cathal Brugha said in the tone of a frightened child. \"I'll do anything.\" Eamon then spoke up in a low tone of voice. \"This is our land. This is our home. And you do not belong here…...Get…out.\" and he threw Cathal Brugha to the ground. \"And should you ever return on these shores again, it will be the last thing you ever do.\" With those words, Cathal Brugha fled. As he ran off into the distance Eamon uttered his last words to Cathal Brugha. \"Twice have I held your life in my hands, and twice have I given it back to you. Next time…your life…is mine.\" He then turned back to the others and a smile came over his face and began to laugh. The war was finally over. The Irish had won and Cathal Brugha would never return to Ireland again.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Farewell Back in Galway, on the morning of the day they were to depart Ireland, Robin and Marian found Eamon in the cemetery. Liam McDermott and Seamus Malone were buried next to each other and Eamon was kneeling in front of the two graves, tears streaming down his face. Robin came up behind him and placed a hand on his shoulder. \"I'm very sorry for you Eamon. I know that their deaths are very hard on you.\" he said. \"They knew the consequences and accepted them. I couldn't have asked for better generals. They died noble deaths and they will never be forgotten.\" Eamon said. Robin smiled and helped Eamon to his feet. Eamon made the sign of the cross and laid two swords on their tombstones: the swords that they used to fight Cathal Brugha's army. He joined Robin and Marian and led them to the docks. Little John and Clucky were waiting for them. Before they left, Eamon gave them each gifts, some of them, trophies from the Brotherhood's army. He gave Little John a captured claymore, Clucky was given a gold coin on a chain from Malcom MacBain with the words 'Alba gu Bràth', which meant 'Scotland Forever', etched into it, Marian was given a necklace that used to belong to a former queen of Connacht, and Robin was given the Irish broadsword that used to belong to Eamon's great great grandfather. It was the sword that he used to fight off the Vikings many years ago and was said to be the sword that won that war. Robin and Eamon shook hands as they said their final goodbyes. \"Perhaps we'll be able to meet again one day on friendlier terms.\" Eamon said. \"Yes. Absolutely.\" Robin replied. \"Well, until that day, then.\" \"It was good to see you again. Thank you for your help and God bless you all.\" \"God save Ireland!\" Little John said. Eamon smiled. \"Aye. God save Ireland.\" They then boarded the ship and Eamon watched as is sailed off. As the ship left the docks he cupped his hands around his mouth and shouted his final goodbye: \"Éireann go brách!\" As Ireland finally disappeared beneath the horizon that night, they group went down below to get some rest. Robin and Marian found two cots right next to each other and they fell asleep as they sailed home, Marian's resting her head on Robin's shoulder the whole way. ","Summary":" Disney's Robin Hood: Ireland Forever Synopsis It's been only one month since Robin Hood and Maid Ma"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"A Friar's Baby","Author":"Brainyxbat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11883393","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (A/N: This story will take place during the events of the Disney movie. Originally, Shenzi is actually six years old, and has a ten-year-old adopted brother. But after and while focusing on Rugrats, I decided to do this alternate timeline. None of the characters belong to me, except for Shenzi.) A Friar's Baby Basic Summary: What if Friar Tuck was a single father for a two-year-old baby girl, having to raise her during Prince John's reign? Prologue/Credits Alan-a-Dale: A rooster. Voiced by Roger Miller. Prince John: A lion. Voiced by Peter Unistov. Sir Hiss: A snake. Voiced by Terry-Thomas. Robin Hood and Maid Marian: A fox and a vixen. Voiced by Brian Bedford and Monica Evans, respectively. Little John: A bear. Voiced by Phil Harris. Friar Tuck: A badger. Voiced by Andy Devine. Shenzi Tuck: A hyena. Voiced by Jodi Benson. Lady Kluck: A chicken. Voiced by Carole Shelley. Sheriff of Nottingham: A wolf. Voiced by Pat Buttram. Trigger and Nutsy: Two vultures. Voiced by George Lindsey and Ken Curtis, respectively. Two-year-old Shenzi Tuck was laying fast asleep, napping in her small, but reasonably-sized bed. But she wasn't still, though; She was squirming, kicking her legs, and moving her head all around in her slumber. Her long, night-sky black hair, which reached just above her mid-back, swished around with her head's movements. Having no pajamas to sleep in, she wore her purple, every day dress. The skirt came down to her calves, and the sleeves reached her elbows. In her hair was a thin, white ribbon tied into a bow, loosely for her comfort. Even though her life wasn't exactly luxurious, it was just fine for her. All she needed was her family, and her friends. With all of them, her life was perfect. Her daddy was the friar of the church in their hometown, Nottingham. She loved him with all her heart; He always tried to do what was best for her, and protect her from harm and danger of any kind. She'd do the same for him if she could. But because of how small, fragile, and young she was, she never got the chance to do just that. It frustrated her, being so tiny and weak… *Dream Sequence* At nighttime, Shenzi was skipping and dancing in Sherwood Forest, filled with joy for an unknown reason. \"Ladadada ladadadada,\" She sang to herself in baby babbles. Just then, she suddenly felt a large hand grab her left wrist. Gasping in surprise, she stopped dead in her tracks; She looked up at the newcomer, and to her horror, it was Prince John! She was terrified of him! She didn't mind his lackey, Sir Hiss, though; When the prince wasn't around, he was actually nice to her. He thinks that she's adorable. \" Hello, little one,\" He sneered at her, \"Your corpulent father has taxes due, and they're not exactly coming in.\" ' Corelent? What does that mean? ' She thought to herself, mispronouncing the word in her mind. \"If holding his most precious thing hostage is the only way to get them coming in, then so be it!\" \" N-no!\" She stuttered out. She didn't know what the term hostage meant, but to her, it sounded bad. \" Sorry,\" Prince John had no remorse in his voice, \"You're coming with me, little Missy!\" He started walking out of the forest to the town, with the child in tow. Once they were in Nottingham, a familiar voice stopped them both; A voice she was hoping to hear. \"Stop right there!\" They both turned around, and to his dismay, and her delight, there was her father, Friar Tuck! *End of Dream Sequence* Just then, her large, innocent eyes snapped open; She looked around, and sighed in relief when seeing that she was back home, safe and sound. She sat up, turned herself around, and pulled on her black, bow-tied shoes before stepping on the floor. She walked in the main chapel, and saw Friar Tuck preparing a bag of farthings to hide in his sienna robe. She scampered up next to him, her shoes quietly squeaking on the stone floor. \"D-dada,\" She babbled, effectively getting his attention. She couldn't quite say \"Daddy\" yet, so she'd always say \"Dada\" when referring to him. He looked down, and smiled when he saw his young daughter yawning, and rubbing her eyes with her tiny, left fist. \"Well, good morning, sleepyhead.\" He ruffled her hair, as she smiled up at him sleepily. \"We're going to visit the blacksmith today,\" He stashed the bag, as Shenzi cooed in response. She was able to speak a few single words, but since she was quite timid, she hardly ever did. She just cooed and babbled most of the time. He then took her tiny hand in his own. \"Come on, sweetheart.\" He led her outside, and after making sure the Sheriff wasn't around, to the blacksmith's shop. The blacksmith, a dog named Otto, was working when the two entered. \"Well, good mornin', Friar Tuck,\" He greeted the father of the duo. \"Shh, Otto! Shh! For you, Otto,\" Friar Tuck took the bag out of hiding, and gave it to the dog, \"From Robin Hood.\" He chuckled, as Shenzi smiled. \"Oh, God bless Robin Hood!\" Otto smiled, holding the bag to his chest. He then saw the young child next to the badger. \"Oh, hello Shen,\" He patted her head, making her giggle, \"You sure have grown, haven't you?\" He then turned to Friar Tuck. \"How old is she now?\" \"Ooo!\" Shenzi held up her hands. \"She's two now,\" Her father confirmed. \"Is she?\" Otto smiled in surprise, \"Boy, time flies, doesn't it?\" Just then, they heard a familiar knocking on the door. \"It's the Sheriff!\" Friar Tuck whispered hastily, \"Hurry, hide it! Quick!\" They quickly, but carefully hid the farthings in Otto's cast on his right leg. \"Here I come! Ready or not!\" They heard, before the Sheriff came in. \"Well, greetings from your friendly neighborhood tax collector!\" \"Oh, take it easy on me, Sheriff,\" Otto pleaded, as Friar Tuck turned to glare at the large wolf. Shenzi kept her hands behind her back, with a nervous expression on her face. She wasn't quite scared of him like with Prince John; She just hated him, and was overall uncomfortable around him. \"Wh-what with this busted leg and all, you know; I'm way behind on me work, Sheriff.\" \"I know Otto, but you're way behind on your taxes too,\" The Sheriff reminded him. \"Oh, have a heart, Sheriff. Can't you see he's laid up?\" Friar Tuck grabbed a rocking chair in the shop. \"Come on, Otto. You'd better sit down and rest,\" He offered. \"Oh, thank you. Yes.\" As Otto limped to the chair, the Sheriff heard the farthings clinking. \"Let me give you a hand with that leg,\" He offered with a fake, gracious tone. \"Upsa-daisy.\" He tipped him back far enough, so a few coins fell in his hand. \"Bingo! Ah, what they won't think of next.\" He then started hitting Otto's foot, making him wail with pain, as the rest of the farthings fell out. \"It smarts, don't it, Otto? But Prince John says that taxes should hurt.\" \"Now see here, you, you evil, flint-hearted leech!\" Friar Tuck shouted at the wolf, as Shenzi chimed in with a glare. \"Now, now, now, now!\" The Sheriff cut him off, \"Save your sermon, preacher. It ain't Sunday, you know.\" He then marched out of the shop, as they heard him singing to himself. Feeling awkward from the silence, Shenzi walked up to Otto, with a concerned expression. \"Oo kay?\" She babbled quietly. \"I'm alright, sweetheart,\" Otto gave her a smile of reassurance, \"Just sore.\" \"Are you sure?\" Friar Tuck asked him, as he walked up behind his daughter. \"We can stay if you need us to.\" The baby nodded timidly in agreement. \"No, no, it's alright,\" The dog shook his head, \"I'm fine; I just need to rest for a while.\" \"Well, alright,\" The badger reluctantly said, \"I'll just take Shenzi out for some fresh air.\" He stroked Shenzi's hair on the back of her head, as she smiled. \"Just yell as loud as you can if you need anything.\" \"I will,\" Otto nodded, \"You two have fun.\" \"We will,\" Friar Tuck smiled, as Shenzi giggled, \"Good-bye.\" \"Bye!\" Shenzi waved her hand, as they stepped outside, and closed the door. (A/N: I added in the character credits to show when Shenzi would appear, were she real. What better place than right after her daddy? X3 Sorry that the prologue isn't that long, or that great for that matter, but I promise, er hope, that it'll get better.) Random Fact about BxB When I first thought of Shenzi T.'s character, she was a young adult. The next time I worked on her character, she was a kid. And now, she's only a baby. The more developed she is, the younger she gets. XD[Chapter 2] A Friar's Baby Chapter 1 As the father and daughter walked along Sherwood Forest, Shenzi heard Friar Tuck grumbling to himself about the Sheriff. It, along with his earlier shouting, made her nervous, but she kept it hidden. \"That Sheriff just makes me sick,\" Friar Tuck muttered; He looked down, and chuckled when he saw Shenzi sticking her tongue out, and heard her drawing out \"Ehhhh,\" for a half-second. \"Exactly, kiddo.\" He patted her head, as she slid her tongue back in her little mouth. He then saw the emotion in her eyes. \"What's wrong, Shen?\" Shenzi just shrugged. \"D-did my shouting scare you earlier?\" The child's eyes darted to the ground for a second, before she reluctantly nodded. \"Aww, Shenzi.\" He knelt down to her level, and stroked her hair. \"You don't have to be scared of me, okay?\" He kissed her cheek, as a smile grew on her face. \"Good.\" He then stood up, and took her hand. \"Shall we?\" Shenzi giggled as they continued their walk. Even though he was angry with the Sheriff, he hated that he scared Shenzi, and didn't even realize it. He loved his daughter with all his heart; He did what was best for her, always tried to make her happy, and protected her from danger of any kind. The fact that he made her nervous made him feel sick. When she was born, her mother Maya died from the labor; He didn't know how he could tell her, when she's old enough, without her thinking it was her fault. He hated seeing her with any kind of emotion other than joy, and excitement. \"Ooh!\" His baby's little voice snapped him out of his thoughts; He saw that she was gazing at something on the dirt road, with interest shining in her eyes. Just then, she let go of his hand, and ran towards the object, keeping her eyes on it. \"Shenzi!\" He ran after her, before she abruptly stopped, and snatched up the objects; He quickly grabbed her, and ran back in the forest. \"Shenzi, you can't just run out on the road like that!\" He scolded her as gently as he could, but still getting his point across, \"You could've gotten hurt.\" She gave him a look of guilt in response, before timidly hiding her face in his shoulder. \"I know you're sorry, but… I just don't want you hurt in any way.\" Shenzi cooed something, but it was muffled, before she revealed her face. Thankfully, she was smiling again. \"So, wh-what did you find?\" \"Ar, Dada!\" She held up two farthings with both hands. \"They're nice,\" He smiled, \"But if you want to keep them, you'd better hide them somewhere that Prince John or the Sheriff wouldn't think to look.\" The two-year-old girl thought for a second, before she stashed the farthings in the bodice of her dress. It was tucked in, so they stayed inside, and hidden. \"That works,\" He chuckled, before he set her down on her feet. They heard the coins jingle with her movements. \"Let's get back home.\" He patted her head, took her hand, and led her back into the town. This time, he kept a better eye on her, so she wouldn't run off again. As they walked, Shenzi gazed around Nottingham, the town she called home. She always felt safe in Nottingham, despite Prince John and the Sheriff practically looming over it 24/7. Maybe it was because of the familiarity? She didn't know. But where she felt safest was the church she, Friar Tuck, and the mice lived in. She would hide among the pews for safety, or when playing hide-and-seek. The sound of the bells ringing at night was always soothing when she slept. She'd play with the piano, and try to make music, but failing due to her inexperience, but the adults were always amused by her efforts. She once tried jumping on the tops of the pews one by one, but her father stopped her, and warned her that she could get hurt, so after that, she didn't do that anymore. \"Oh, hey Friar Tuck!\" A young boy's voice snapped her out of her thoughts. \"Hi, Shenzi!\" She saw that it was Skippy, a young bunny; He was with his sisters, Sis and Tagalong, and his best friend, a young turtle named Toby. She then noticed that Skippy was wearing Robin Hood's hat, and was holding onto a bow and arrow. \"Hello kids,\" Friar Tuck smiled at the group. \"Hi!\" Shenzi babbled, with a wave of her hand. \"Still not talkin' in sentences, huh?\" Sis remarked to the black-haired girl, who timidly shook her head. \"Not quite yet,\" The badger chuckled, as he patted his daughter's head. \"You will be soon,\" Skippy assured her. \"How old is she now?\" \"Ooo!\" Shenzi babbled. \"Two,\" Friar Tuck confirmed. \"So am I!\" Tagalong piped up, \"Almost thwee.\" She then turned to the slightly younger baby. \"You'll talk soon; I'm two, and I'm talking. Weally soon, you will too,\" She assured her. \"Ay,\" Shenzi smiled, trying to say \"thanks.\" \"So, what are you kids up to?\" Friar Tuck asked them. \"Oh yeah!\" Skippy exclaimed; From their conversation with Shenzi, he had forgotten what they were doing. \"Robin Hood gave me his bow and arrow for my birthday, and I'm going to test it out!\" \"He gave him his hat too,\" Sis chimed in, \"Even though it's big,\" She giggled; Skippy rolled his eyes at her. \"Can Shenzi come wit us?\" Tagalong asked innocently. Shenzi brightened up at the idea; She looked up at her father, who looked hesitant. \"Well, I don't know. I don't really want anything to happen to her.\" The black-haired child frowned sadly. \"You don't have to worry,\" Sis grinned with determination, \"I'll take ve-e-ery good care of her; I promise! Cross my heart!\" \"Hmm…\" He thought about her promise, before he made his decision. \"Alright, she can come.\" \"A-ay!\" Shenzi cheered. \"I promise there won't be a single scratch on her when we're done!\" Sis assured him. \"Good,\" Friar Tuck smiled, before he turned to his daughter, and knelt down to her level. \"You be careful, sweetheart; Okay?\" She nodded with a smile and a hum of agreement. \"Alright, you have fun.\" He kissed her forehead, and ruffled her hair, before he stood up, and turned to the group. \"When you kids are done, bring her back to the church, okay?\" \"We will,\" Sis nodded. \"We'll bring her right back,\" Toby promised. \"Thanks,\" Friar Tuck smiled, \"You have fun.\" \"We will!\" Skippy exclaimed excitedly, before he started running off, with Sis, Toby, Shenzi, and Tagalong following respectively. After a short amount of time, they stopped at a clear area, where the castle was in their view. \"Gee, did Robin Hood really give it to you?\" Toby confirmed. \"Yeah, and this is his own hat too,\" Skippy nodded. \"Gee, I'd sure like to shoot your bow and arrow,\" Toby remarked. \"Let me twy it, Skippy!\" Tagalong ran up with her hand held out, and a hopeful smile. \"Oh no, you don't,\" Skippy refused, making the baby bunny frown with anger, \"I'm gonna shoot it first.\" He then pointed his arrow up to the sky, and prepared for fire. \"You're pointin' it too high,\" Sis told him. \"I'm not either,\" He denied, \"Watch this!\" With a grunt, Skippy let go of the bow string, and the arrow went flying. To their shock and horror, it landed in the castle courtyard! The children stared after the arrow disappeared behind the wall. \"Uh oh. Now you've done it,\" Toby said quietly. \"Right in Prince John's backyard,\" Sis remarked; With determination, Skippy ran up to the courtyard gate, with the rest of the group following. \"Skippy, you can't go in there,\" Tagalong told him. \"Yeah; Prince John will chop off your head.\" Toby shrunk his head down in his shell. \"Like this,\" He said with an echo, as Sis stared with a baffled expression. \"Oh, I don't care,\" Skippy brushed off the possibility, \"I gotta get my arrow.\" He went to climb through the rails on the gate, but Sis' voice stopped him. \"Wait a minute; Toby might tattle on ya,\" She pointed out, as the turtle peeked out from his shell. \"Yeah, Toby. You gotta take the oath,\" Skippy told him. \"An oath?\" Toby raised his head up more. \"Put your hand on your heart, and cwoss your eyes,\" Tagalong told him with a demonstration, as Skippy and Sis did the same. \"Spiders, snakes, and a lizard's head,\" Skippy started reciting. \"Spiders, snakes, and a lizard's head,\" Toby repeated, with his eyes crossed, and his hand over his heart. All the while, Shenzi had a hand over her heart, and was attempting to cross her eyes, but her efforts were in vain. All she was doing was making goofy faces. \"If I tattletale, I'll die 'til I'm dead.\" Toby shrunk back down when Skippy suddenly advanced on him. \"If I tattletale, I'll… die 'til I'm dead,\" He repeated, before he revealed his head again with a smile. Just then, Skippy was climbing through the rails again, but to Sis' horror, Shenzi was following him! \"Shenzi, no!\" Sis whispered loudly; She tried to grab the child to pull her back, but she was out of her reach. \"Oh man!\" She turned to Tagalong and Toby, with a look of horror. \"I promised Friar Tuck I'd take good care of her! She's his pride and joy! She's everything to him! Oh, he's gonna kill me!\" She vented. In the courtyard, Skippy was carefully searching for his arrow, already aware of his follower. Just then, they heard two women giggling. \"It's your turn to serve, Marian dear,\" They heard one woman. \"Are you ready, Lady Kluck?\" The second woman, apparently named Marian, asked the first, whose name was Lady Kluck. \"Oh, as your lady-in-waiting,\" Lady Kluck curtsied for emphasis, \"I'm waiting!\" They both laughed at her pun, before they started their game of badminton. Shenzi and Skippy watched, before they saw the arrow sticking up in a diagonal in the grass. They both sneaked over, and put their backs to a tree that the arrow was in front of. \"I'm getting too old for this,\" They heard Lady Kluck remark. \"That was a good shot,\" Mariana complimented. \"You're not bad yourself, dear. My girdle's killing me,\" The hen laughed; Just then, Marian hit the birdie, but it went straight up in the air, and landed in the bodice of Lady Kluck's blue dress! With wide eyes, she started shaking on her dress to make the birdie fall out. \"Where is it? Did you lose it?\" The pink-clad vixen laughed. \"It must be in there someplace!\" Lady Kluck kicked her left leg repeatedly. \"Oh, Klucky, you look so silly!\" Marian giggled. Just then, she found the birdie in the grass, coincidentally right by Skippy's arrow. \"Oh, look; There it is, behind you!\" Just as she went to grab the birdie, Skippy went to grab his arrow. They both stopped upon seeing each other. \"Oh! Well, hello,\" She smiled at him. She didn't see Shenzi though, due to the child still hiding. \"Where did you come from?\" \"Oh, please don't tell Prince John!\" Skippy pleaded, as his hat fell over his eyes. He grabbed the brim, and pulled it back up. \"Mama says he'll chop off my head!\" \"Oh, don't be afraid; You've done nothing wrong,\" Marian assured him. \"Oh Marian, what a bonny wee bunny,\" Klucky smiled. \"Who does this young archer remind you of?\" Marian playfully wondered aloud. \"Oh,\" Klucky had a closer look, before she realized who the vixen was talking about. \"Well, upon my word! The notorious Robin Hood!\" Skippy had shrunk down nervously, but at her last sentence, he straightened back up with a smile. \"That's right!\" Marian exclaimed kindly, \"Only Robin Hood wears a hat like that.\" \"Yeah, and look at this keen Robin Hood bow,\" He showed off to them. Right after, at the gate, Tagalong let out a sneeze, catching everyone's attention. \"Oh, Marian, don't look around,\" Klucky warned in a serious tone, but it turned playful, \"But I do believe we're surrounded. Oh mercy!\" \"He snitched on us,\" Sis concluded when Skippy gestured for them to come over. \"It's alright, children,\" Marian assured them all, \"Don't be afraid; Please come here.\" \"Do you think it's safe?\" Toby asked Sis. \"That's Maid Mawian,\" Tagalong pointed out. \"Mama said she's awful nice,\" Sis smiled, \"Come on!\" She climbed in between the rails, and ran up to them, with Toby following, and Tagalong practically falling behind. \"H-hey, you guys; Not so fast! Wait for me!\" She protested, as she tried to pick up the pace. \"I told Skippy he was shooting too high,\" Sis told Marian. \"I'm so very glad he did,\" Marian smiled, as Toby waved shyly at her, \"And now I get to meet all of you.\" \"Gee, you're very bootiful,\" Tagalong remarked, with her left hand clutching the skirt of a swaying Sis' pink dress. \"Are you going to marry Robin Hood?\" The oldest bunny asked the vixen. \"Mama said you and Wobin Hood are sweethearts,\" Tagalong continued. \"Well, um…\" Marian laughed, not knowing how to answer, \"You see, that was several years ago before I left for London.\" \"Did he ever kiss you?\" Toby asked her. \"Well, uh, no,\" She answered, \"But he carved our initials on this tree.\" She showed the kids the tree; There was a heart carved into the trunk, along with \"R.H.\" above \"M.M.\" with a plus sign between them. \"I remember it so we…\" She stopped when she saw a small shadow, stretched out from the sunlight, behind the tree. \"Is there one more back there?\" Shenzi hesitantly came out of hiding with a shy expression. \"Shenzi, is that you?\" She smiled at the child. The last time Marian saw Shenzi, the latter wasn't even a year old. \"You've grown so much!\" Shenzi let a smile grow. \"How old is she now?\" She asked Skippy. \"She's two now,\" Skippy replied. \"Two? Wow! Time flies, huh?\" The vixen smiled, \"Is she talking yet?\" \"Uh huh,\" Sis nodded, \"But not in full sentences yet.\" \"A-ay,\" Shenzi babbled. \"But she will soon!\" Tagalong chimed in, \"I know it.\" \"Speaking of which, you gonna have any kids?\" Skippy asked Marian. \"My mom gots a lot of kids,\" Tagalong said. \"Oh, he's probably forgotten all about me,\" Marian shook his head. \"Oh, not Robin Hood!\" Skippy thrust out his wooden, toy sword, \"I bet he'll storm the castle gates, fight the guards,\" He attempted to fight with Toby, but the turtle hid in his shell. Meanwhile, Shenzi was shielding herself behind him with her arms and hands. \"Rescue ya and drag you off to Sherwood Forest!\" \"Now just a moment there, young man,\" Klucky chimed in with a serious tone, \"You've forgotten Prince John!\" \"Oh, that Prince John don't scare me none,\" He said bravely. \"I'm scared of Prince John,\" Toby chimed in from inside his shell, so his voice was echoed. Shenzi simply looked at him from behind his back, with her tiny, right hand on his shell. \"He's cranky.\" Klucky drew out a wooden sword with a playfully evil chuckle. \"I, Prince John, challenge you to a duel! He-hey!\" She started sword-fighting with Skippy. \"Take that! And that! And this!\" Skippy paused, before he went into full-beast mode. \"Death to tyrants!\" Klucky started squawking in fear, as she ran away from him. \"Slice him to pieces!\" Sis cheered, as she, Toby, Tagalong, and Shenzi were watching. \"Oh, save me, my hero! Save me!\" Marian played along with their game, as the two ran in circles around her, and Skippy giggled. Just then, he hit Klucky's foot with his sword. \"Oh! Ouch! That's not fair!\" She hopped on one foot for a second. \"Mommy!\" She mockingly bawled before sucking her thumb, in the way the prince did. \"That's Prince John alrihight!\" Sis cracked up laughing. \"Yahoo! Now I've got ya!\" Skippy cheered. \"Oh, mercy! Mercy!\" Klucky took his sword, and pretended that he stabbed her, with the sword under her left wing. \"Oh! Oh, he got me. I'm dying. Oh!\" She moaned in faux pain. \"Did I hurt ya? Huh?\" He whispered in concern. \"No,\" She winked at him, \"This is the part where you drag your lady fair off to Sherwood Forest.\" Skippy turned to Marian, before he ran up to her, and took her hand. \"Come on, lady fair! Let's go!\" \"Oh Robin, you're so brave and impetuous!\" Marian played along, before they stopped at a bush. \"Oh; So this is Sherwood Forest.\" \"Yeah, I guess so,\" Skippy said, before he sat down, with his knees at his chest. \"Well, now what're we gonna do?\" \"Well usually, the hero gives his fair lady a kiss,\" Marian puckered her lips at him for emphasis. \"A kiss? \" Skippy grimaced, \"Oh, that's sissy stuff.\" \"Well, if you won't, then I will!\" Marian chuckled; She grabbed him, pulled him closer, and kissed him on the cheek, much to his dismay. \"They're kissing!\" Sis exclaimed, before she, Tagalong, Toby, and Shenzi cracked up laughing. Skippy wiped his cheek with his fist, as he shot a glare at them. Shenzi safely fell on her back from laughing so hard at the scene, revealing her white bloomers. Tagalong and Toby were on their stomachs, and were pounding the dirt, while Sis hid her face for a second, and leaned against a tree. Despite her laughter, Shenzi couldn't quite understand why Skippy was against being kissed that much. Her daddy kisses her all the time, and she doesn't mind it; Heck, she likes it! Maybe it was a boy thing. After around a minute, the laughter managed to cease. \"O-okay, we'd better head home,\" Sis piped up, while wiping the tears of laughter from her eyes, \"Friar Tuck will be worried.\" \"He let her come with us, to watch me test my bow and arrow,\" Skippy explained, as he rubbed on his cheek some more. \"We've gotta go. Bye!\" He started leading the group back to the gate, as the rest of the kids bid their farewells to the two ladies. \"Well, that was fun,\" Sis remarked, as they walked along the streets of Nottingham. \"Uh huh,\" Skippy nodded, \"This is the best present ever!\" Meanwhile, Shenzi was gazing around the area they were currently in. \"Except when Maid Marian kissed me; Ugh.\" He wiped his cheek one last time. Shenzi's eyebrows perked up in interest at something behind a barrel; Her curiosity piqued, she started sneaking over to the barrel, undetected. \"No, that was great!\" Sis giggled. \"Wasn't it, She-?\" She stopped when she didn't see the now youngest in their group. \"Shenzi? Shen?\" As Sis looked around, her panic grew. \"Oh man! I can't believe she's gone again!\" She facepalmed at her own stupidity for not watching the child more closely. She had promised to take extra good care of her, and yet she failed. What would her father say? \"Shenzi!\" \"Shenzi!\" Skippy called out. Sis internally prayed that Friar Tuck wouldn't hear or see them; She couldn't imagine how he'd react if he found out that they lost his only daughter. \"Shen'i!\" Tagalong yelled as loud as she could. \"Shenzi!\" Toby called out. Just then, he saw a shadow behind a barrel nearby; He went to look, and there she was! \"I found her, guys!\" He walked up to the rabbits, while holding Shenzi's hand. \"She was behind that barrel.\" \"Shenzi, don't run from us like that!\" Sis scolded, \"Do you have any idea how worried we were about you?! And how worried your father would've been if he knew?!\" Shenzi gave her a genuinely guilty expression. \"Ary,\" She muttered. Sis sighed her anger away. \"It, it's okay, Shen.\" She patted her head. \"We were just really worried about you.\" Shenzi let a smile grow, before Sis turned to her siblings, and Toby. \"Okay, we don't tell Friar Tuck about this, agreed?\" \"Agreed,\" Skippy and Toby nodded. \"Agweed,\" Tagalong nodded as well. \"Come on, Shen,\" Sis took the youngest' kids hand, \"Let's take you home.\" Skippy led the group of kids through the town. He and his family attended the church every Christmas and Easter; He knew where it was like the back of his hand. \"We're back, Mr. Tuck!\" He called out to the badger, who was waiting right outside. \"Shenzi is perfectly fine!\" Sis assured him, \"Not a scratch, nor a bruise, no nothing.\" \"Thanks for taking care of her,\" Friar Tuck smiled, as his daughter ran up, and hugged him around his leg; He laid a hand on her back as she cooed happily. \"Did you kids have fun?\" \"Uh huh!\" Skippy nodded, \"My bow and arrow work great!\" \"We met Maid Marian and her friend while he was testing it,\" Sis piped up, \"And Marian kissed Skippy!\" She stifled her giggles, as Skippy rolled his eyes. \"We'll explain later; We've gotta get home.\" \"Alright,\" The badger nodded, \"Say hi to your mother for me.\" \"We will,\" Sis nodded, \"Bye!\" The kids walked back home. After the group was out of sight, Friar Tuck looked down at his daughter, and she looked up at him. \"Well, little lady, I hope you're not too tired, because we're going to visit your uncle Robin, and uncle John.\" \"A-ay!\" Shenzi cheered. \"Come on, let's go,\" He took her hand, and the two headed for Sherwood Forest. Then out of the blue, Shenzi quietly gasped, and ran back into town. \"'Kippy, 'ait!\" She exclaimed, pulling one of the farthings out of her dress. Luckily, it caught Skippy's attention; He and his friends walked back over. \"What's up, Shen?\" He asked her. Without speaking, the child held out the farthing for him to take. \"Is that for me?\" She nodded at his question. \"Wow, thanks Shenzi!\" Skippy took the farthing, and hugged the child, \"You're a great friend! Bye!\" He and his friends then headed back home. Skippy planned on hiding the coin in a place where the Sheriff couldn't find it. (A/N: I did say that this would get better, didn't I? Again, none of the characters belong to me, but Shenzi does.) Random Fact about BxB The Robin Hood fandom is only one of the fandoms I'm a part of. Others include The Lion King (duh XD), Rugrats/All Grown Up (Yep, both), Pokemon, etc.[Chapter 3] (A/N: Sorry I took so long to update this story! I had wanted to finish \"Lost in Manhattan\" before continuing this one. But now, this story will be finished before I start on the sequels for LiM. Enjoy! I hope...) A Friar's Baby Ch. 2 As the two walked along in Sherwood Forest, Friar Tuck looked down at Shenzi. \"So, did you have fun with Skippy, and his friends?\" \"Uh huh!\" She nodded, \"'Kippy is fun!\" \"Well, I'm glad you had a good time with them,\" He patted her head, before taking her hand again, \"You're all great kids; Especially you.\" Shenzi giggled, with a cute blush on her cheeks. \"You know, your giving Skippy one of your farthings; That was very sweet and generous of you.\" Shenzi's smile grew, and her blush deepened when he stroked her hair affectionately. Before they could say anything else, they heard Robin Hood talking to his best friend and robbing partner, Little John. \"I'm serious, Johnny. She's a highborn lady of quality.\" They knew right away that he was talking about Maid Marian. \"So she's got class; So what?\" Little John shrugged. Just then, the two stopped right behind Robin, who didn't seem to notice them. \"I'm an outlaw, that's what,\" The fox replied. \"That's no life for a lovely lady, always on the run.\" The father and daughter stayed quiet with sympathy. \"What kind of a future is that?\" Friar Tuck decided to speak up. \"Oh, for heaven's sakes, son.\" Robin jumped in surprise, and landed backside first in the laundry basket behind him, making the child stifle giggles. \"You're no outlaw; Why someday, you'll be called a great hero.\" \"A hero?\" Robin chuckled, \"You hear that, Johnny? We've just been pardoned!\" He had his arms and legs up. \"That's a gas,\" Little John snickered, \"We ain't even been arrested yet!\" He patted Shenzi's head upon noticing her presence. \"Hey, short stuff.\" She responded with giggles. \"All right; Laugh, you two rogues,\" Friar Tuck walked up to a pot of burnt stew, with his daughter closely following. Although he kept a close eye on her to make sure she didn't burn herself by touching the pot. \"But there's gonna be a big to-do in Nottingham.\" He slurped up a spoonful, and his eyes widened before he started coughing. \"Well done, ain't it?\" He smiled, as Shenzi giggled. \"Old Prince John's havin' a *cough* championship archery tournament *cough* tomorrow.\" \"Archery tournament?\" Little John laughed, \"Old Rob could win that standin' on his head, huh, Rob?\" \"Thank you, Little John,\" Robin whipped off his hat, and bowed down. \"But I'm sure we're not invited.\" \"No,\" Friar Tuck shook his head, \"But there's somebody who'll be very disappointed if you don't come.\" He then saw Shenzi reaching for the pot with a curious expression. \"Oh, don't touch that, sweetheart.\" He quickly, but gently nudged her away, not wanting her to hurt herself. \"Yeah,\" Little John chuckled, as the child gazed at the pot, with a small coo, and curiosity in her eyes. \"Old bushel britches, the honorable sheriff of Nottingham.\" \"No,\" The badger slurped up another spoonful of the stew, before turning to Robin, \"Maid Marian.\" \"Maid Marian?\" The fox's eyes widened. \"Yeah,\" Friar Tuck nodded, \"She, she's gonna give a kiss to the winner,\" He winked, before chuckling. \"A kiss to the winner!\" A wide smile of delight grew on Robin's face. \"Oo-de-lally! Come on, Johnny! What are we waiting for?!\" In his excitement, he started doing cartwheels. \"Wait a minute, Rob. Hold it; That place will be crawlin' with soldiers,\" Little John warned him. \"Aha! But remember; Faint hearts never won fair lady,\" Robin reminded the three on the ground below him; He was standing above them on a wooden beam. \"Fear not, my friends.\" He shot an arrow, so it hit a pan hanging on a tree, before he threw his hat in the air. \"This will be my greatest performance.\" The arrow flew through his hat, before the latter landed perfectly on his head. \"So, what's your plan?\" Little John asked the fox. As they discussed, Shenzi turned around, so the pot was in her sights. When none of the adults were looking, she sneaked over to it; She grabbed the spoon with some struggle after scooping some stew in it, then slurped it up. \"Shenzi, don't!\" Robin warned her a little too late. Her large eyes widened, before she dropped the spoon, and started letting out small coughs. And with each cough, a little puff of smoke came out of her mouth. Her eyebrows raised up in surprise, with her tiny hands over her mouth, before she burst out laughing. \"Like father like daughter, huh?\" Robin chuckled amusedly. \"I hope she's okay,\" Little John remarked with concern. \"Once we're home, I'll give her a little check-up, just to be safe,\" Friar Tuck told him. At that time, the child was laughing so hard, that she fell on her back; That only made her laugh even harder, and start kicking her legs. \"Alright, funny girl,\" He lifted her up, as she continued laughing, \"Let's get you home; We all have a long day ahead of us.\" After around a minute, she was able to calm down. But when she burped and more smoke came out, her laughing fit started again. \"Calm down,\" He chuckled at her; He loved hearing her laugh, but she was going to strain her throat and hurt her stomach if she didn't stop. Thankfully with a few more giggles, and a wipe of her eyes, she was able to cease her hysterical laughter. The next day, Shenzi was up bright and early. She was so eager to watch her uncle Robin compete in the tournament, that she barely slept the previous night. \"Tury! Tury!\" She ran out of her room, out in the main chapel, and up to the door. Despite barely sleeping, she was still a little bundle of energy. \"Tury, Dada!\" She ran up to her father, then right back to the door, bouncing up and down on her toes. \"Hurry!\" \"I'm coming, sweetheart; I'm coming,\" The badger chuckled at his daughter's excitement. Just as he opened the door, the child practically bolted outside at top speed. \"Shenzi, wait!\" He ran after her, \"I can't keep up with you!\" Luckily for him, Shenzi stopped, turned around, and ran back over. To be sure that she wouldn't run off again, he lifted her up in his arms. \"I understand that you're excited, kiddo, but you can't just run off like that.\" \"… Ay,\" She babbled quietly, as a way of saying \"sorry.\" \"It's alright,\" Friar Tuck kissed her cheek, making her blush and giggle. \"I just don't want you to get lost. Now, let's go watch Uncle Robin.\" \"Yay!\" Shenzi suddenly cheered, with her hands up. He was actually a bit startled by her cheer; For a tiny girl, she had strong vocal cords. When he came back to his senses, he headed for the location of the tournament. When they arrived, some preparations were still being made, although they were almost finished. \"Ooh!\" Shenzi's eyebrows raised up in admiration when she saw the location; There were two tall, grey castle towers, different-colored tents, and a fenced area for the competitors. But her smile disappeared, and formed into a pout when she saw Prince John on his throne; She blew a raspberry in his direction, to her father's amusement, and luckily for her, the prince didn't notice. \"Yeah, you don't like Prince John, do you?\" He playfully asked her. \"Uh-uh,\" She shook her head, \"He mean!\" \"Yes, he is very mean,\" He chuckled at her pout. \"I'm not mean, am I?\" \"No!\" She immediately protested, no long angry-looking; She laid her cheek on his shoulder. \"You the bestest dada eva!\" She smiled. \"Aww,\" Friar Tuck hugged the baby, and she giggled as she reciprocated the best she could. She truly was a sweetheart; There wasn't a single mean bone in her body. He couldn't ask for a better child. Before he could say anything else, Shenzi let out a squeaky yawn, as she rubbed her eyes. \"S-s'eepy,\" She mumbled. \"Well, you didn't really get a lot of sleep last night,\" He pointed out amusedly, \"So, no wonder you're sleepy.\" He teasingly poked her stomach, getting a squeal and a giggle out of her. After letting out another yawn, she laid on his shoulder and fell asleep peacefully. After a while, she was suddenly startled awake by elephants' trumpeting; They signaled the beginning of the tournament. After her heart rate decreased back to normal, she giggled at herself. \"You okay?\" Friar Tuck chuckled at her. \"Uh huh,\" She nodded, while still giggling. \"That's good; Let's find a place to watch your uncle Robin compete, shall we?\" The two settled on an area where the tents were at; Friar Tuck set Shenzi on her feet on the ground, but held her hand to keep her from running off again. He had a strong feeling that the tournament was a trap that Prince John had set up for Robin Hood to fall into. He didn't want to alarm his young daughter however, and ruin her excitement, so he kept it to himself. After around a minute, a stork that they almost didn't recognize walked up to them. \"Oh, what a sweet little girl!\" The stork exclaimed when he looked down at the young girl. Shenzi giggled when she saw his eyes; She knew right then and there that it was her uncle Robin Hood under that disguise. \"It is a great honor to be shootin' for the entertainment of an adorable child like yourself. Enjoy the tournament, sweetie.\" He then marched away to where the rest of the competitors were at. \"You know who that was?\" Friar Tuck smirked down at her. \"Uh huh!\" She nodded, before lowering her vocal volume. \"Uncle Wobin!\" She giggled. After a short time, the rooster Alan-a-Dale joined them. \"Mornin' Tuck,\" He greeted the father. \"Good morning, Alan,\" Friar Tuck greeted in return. Before any more words were said, Shenzi jumped out, and playfully yelled \"Boo!\" startling Alan-a-Dale. She started giggling at the way he jumped back a bit in surprise. \"Hey there, kiddo,\" He smiled as he patted her head. \"I see you're still as playful as you always have been. How old is she?\" \"She's two now,\" Friar Tuck told him. \"Two?!\" The rooster exclaimed in surprise, \"Wow! The last time I saw the little tyke, she could barely even walk!\" Shenzi giggled when he ruffled her hair. \"She's growing up fast; She'll be a beautiful woman one day.\" Shenzi timidly hid next to her father with a blushing face. \"Creepy? Buster? Long one? \" Before they could do anything else, they saw Sir Hiss, Prince John's lackey, slither by in front of them. \"Who does that dopey duke think he is?\" He grumbled to himself, not seeing his three watchers. \"Now he's up to somethin', Friar,\" Alan-a-Dale remarked. \"Yeah,\" He agreed, \"Come on!\" The two proceeded to secretly follow the snake. Shenzi was waiting for Robin to come, until she saw her father and practically uncle walking away without her; She hastily ran over, and caught up with them. As the three searched, the child took occasional glances at the competitors from her place on top of a barrel, eager to watch Robin emerge victorious; She was abolutely positive that he would win, and get that kiss from Maid Marian that he desired. Then another thought also entered her head: She remembered how Tagalong referred to Robin and Marian as \"sweethearts\". Now, it made her think; Why didn't her daddy have one too? He deserved a sweetheart just as much as Robin did, in her opinion. She just couldn't understand why he didn't have one. What she saw ahead snapped her out of her thoughts; Sir Hiss was in a bundle of balloons! After getting the adults' attention, she pointed to where the snake was. She stifled giggles when she saw that he had his head in a red balloon, and was inflating it so he could float in the air. She ran after Friar Tuck and Alan-a-Dale when they started chasing the snake. She still took occasional glances at the competitors, to see if they were getting started. For another attempt to stop the snake, the child carefully stood on her father's shoulders; Since she was light, he had no problems. But when she jumped up to grab Sir Hiss with both hands, she narrowly missed; And she was about to fall! Luckily before she hit the hard ground, Friar Tuck caught her. She smiled and giggled sheepishly as he carefully set her on her feet on the ground. \"The tournament of the golden arrow will now begin!\" The Captain of the Guard announced. And as Shenzi predicted the \"stork\" was winning from minute one, with the Sheriff doing poorly. Eventually, when Sir Hiss floated back in their sights, she watched as Friar Tuck used Alan's guitar as a bow, and shot an arrow at Sir Hiss, popping the balloon and narrowly missing his head; When he dropped down like a rock, the badger grabbed him, as the child jumped on the barrel. \"Unhand me, you...!\" The snake was cut off when he was banged into the barrel, which was full of Ale, and the hole was plugged by a cork from the little girl. \"Please! I don't drink!\" They heard his muffled plea as they walked away, Shenzi now in her father's arms. \"Okay, now that he's taken care of, let's watch the tournament,\" Friar Tuck smiled at his daughter. \"Yay!\" She smiled back with excitement. Before long, the father-daughter duo plus Alan-a-Dale joined the audience. The child was set back on her feet in the grass between her father and Alan. She cheered for all the archers (especially the \"stork\"), and booed at the Sheriff with the rest of the audience. \"Attention, everyone. The final contestants are...the honorable sheriff of Nottingham.\" The wolf scowled when the crowd booed at him. \"...and the spindle-legged stork from Devonshire.\" The \"stork\" held his \"wings\" out, before he waved at Maid Marian. \"For the final shootout, move the target back three paces!\" The red-clad alligator announced. \"You heard him, Nutsy! Get goin'!\" They heard the Sheriff order, \"Move it, you birdbrain. And remember what you're supposed to do.\" The response he received was unheard by the audience as the target was moved back. Shenzi's eyes widened, and her eyebrows arched in anger when the wolf played a dirty trick; He had Nutsy jump up after he shot so he could score a bulls-eye. \"Well, that shot wins the golden arrow, the kiss and the whole caboodle,\" He smiled, patting his large stomach in satisfaction. Then, when it was the \"stork's\" turn, the Sheriff made him shoot too high up! In a panic, Shenzi snatched Alan's guitar, and shot a stray arrow, making the first one dip down. She had learned how to shoot an arrow from watching her father bring Sir Hiss down. The audience, especially her, watched in anticipation as it flew down in the air. She was afraid that she had ruined his chances in winning; Yet, it hit the bulls-eye straight on, splitting the Sheriff's arrow perfectly in half! As the crowd cheered, the child's eyes widened, and a big smile of delight grew in her adorable features. She had just helped her uncle win! When the cheers ceased, the \"stork\" marched over to where the royal members were watching. \"Archer, I commend you, and because of your superior skill, you shall get what is coming to you,\" Prince John announced, as Maid Marian smiled with joy. \"Our royal congratulations.\" \"Oh, thank you kindly, Your Highness. Meetin' you face-to-face, Your High and Mighty, is a real treat,\" The \"stork\" shook the prince's hand. \"Release the royal fingers,\" Prince John pulled his hand back, \"Ah! And now I name you the winner,\" He announced, lowering his sword, \"Or, more appropriately...\" He snickered, \"The loser!\" He sliced in Robin's disguise, revealing the fox standing on stilts, as the audience gsped in horror. \"Seize him,\" He calmly commanded with a smug grin, and the rhino guards tied up Robin, despite his struggles. \"I sentence you to sudden, instant, and even, immediate death! \" \"Oh no! Oh!\" Maid Marian gasped in horror, before she started to cry. \"Please. Please, sire. I beg of you to spare his life. Please have mercy.\" \"My dear, emotional lady, why should I?\" Prince John asked smugly. \"Because I love him, Your Highness,\" The vixen turned to Robin. \"Love him?\" The maneless lion smiled in faux surprise, \"And does this prisoner return your love?\" Robin's eyebrows raised up at the question, before he gave his response. \"Marian, my darling, I love you more than life itself.\" \"Ah, young love,\" Prince John chuckled, as Marian smiled, \"Your pleas have not fallen upon a heart of stone.\" His tone suddenly turned fierce and determined. \"But traitors to the crown must die!\" \"Traitors to the crown?\" Robin cut him off, \"That crown belongs to King Richard! Long live King Richard!\" \"Long live King Richard!\" The crowd repeated his last words, as Shenzi simply scowled. \"Enough! I am king! King King!\" Prince John threw a childish tantrum, \"Ah! Off with his head!\" Everyone watched as the rhino executioner marched up, an ax in his hands. As Friar Tuck covered his mouth in horror, Shenzi hid behind him in fear. \"Oh no,\" Marian sniffled as she looked away, Lady Kluck trying to comfort her. Just as it seemed that all hope was lost, Prince John spoke up. \"Stop! Executioner, stop! Hold your ax!\" Shenzi peeked out from behind her father's back, and saw that the prince seemed to be held back by his collar from behind. \"Sheriff, release my buddy!\" His collar was pulled back even more for a second, \"I mean release the prisoner!\" \"Untie the prisoner?\" The Sheriff raised his eyebrows in surprise. \"You heard what he said, bushel britches!\" Lady Kluck glared at the wolf. \"Sheriff, I make the rules, and since I am the head ma-ah!\" He glared behind him after he was choked again. \"Not so hard, you mean thing.\" He then arched his back. \"Let him go, for heaven's sakes! Let him go!\" He shouted. \"Yee-hee! Love conquers all!\" Lady Kluck exclaimed with joy, as the crowd cheered. After Robin released himself from his restrictions, he ran up to Marian. \"I owe my life to you, my darling.\" \"I couldn't have lived without you, Robin,\" Marian whispered as she and Robin shared an embrace. \"There's somethin' funny goin' on around here,\" The Sheriff remarked to himself. \"Now, PJ, tell my pal to kiss Maid Marian, or I've just found a new pincushion,\" Little John, who was wearing a duke disguise, threatened the prince. \"Why you-!\" The Sheriff exclaimed when he saw him; He tried to swing at him, but narrowly missed. Little John released the prince, before he punched the Sheriff in the chin. \"Kill him!\" Prince John shouted upon being released, as Robin held Marian closer to protect her, \"Don't stand there! Kill him!\" And with that, a fierce battle broke out. Prince John tried to fight Robin, but the fox knocked his sword out of his hand. \"Don't hurt me! No, no! Don't hurt me!\" The lion cowardly pleaded, \"Help! Help!\" He made a run for it, and hid behind a barrel, pulling his tail into safety. \"Kill him!\" He commanded angrily. \"Run for it, lassie!\" Klucky told Marian, who obeyed her command, \"This is no place for a lady!\" After using the golden arrow to stab a rhino in his backside, the Sheriff grabbed her wing; But she managed to flip him on his back. \"Take that, you scoundrel!\" She then ran away from him. \"Help! Robin, help!\" Marian pleaded as the Sheriff's posse were chasing her. Thankfully, Robin came swinging in, and took her up to the top of a tent to safety. \"Shenzi, you have to get out of here!\" Friar Tuck tried to escort his daughter away from the dangerous scene, but she was too stubborn to back down. Suddenly, a rhino came to attack them, but after a little wind-up, Shenzi kicked him, in a place where a guy doesn't want to be kicked, as hard as she could; Friar Tuck couldn't help but cringe as the rhino screamed in agony. Itching for more action, the child ran deeper into the fight, with her father running after her. But when he had to fight another rhino, he lost her in his sights. \"Attention everyone,\" The captain tried to get everyone's attention, but to no avail, before he was trampled in the fight. \"Stop the girl!\" Prince John ordered, before Skippy shot an arrow at his backside in a surprise attack. \"Ooh!\" Just then, Shenzi smacked him on the head with the golden arrow. \"Big meanie!\" She exclaimed tauntingly, before blowing a raspberry at him, and running off. \"Seize the child!\" She heard Prince John command, before determination filled up inside of her. She dodged all of the rhinos that tried to grab her, sliding between their legs or jumping up off of them as high as she could. As the crowd cheered for her, Friar Tuck could barely watch; He was impressed by her skills, but he didn't want her to get hurt or in trouble in any way. Before long, she stopped just outside of Sherwood Forest. \"Yeah-ha!\" She cheered, before Little John, still in his disguise, pulled her back before an onslaught of arrows could attack them. Friar Tuck covered his eyes at the scene, before lowering his hands when hearing no sounds of distress; He ran over in the forest to check on them, and was filled with relief upon seeing his daughter and Little John unharmed, the latter carrying the former in his arms. \"Yay! Again! Again!\" She cheered. Little John chuckled amusedly as he gave the child to her father. \"Sorry Shen, all you'll be getting is a nap,\" Friar Tuck told her, as she giggled. She then let out a yawn, unintentionally signaling that a nap was just what was needed. (A/N: Hope you enjoyed this overdue chapter! It'll get really good soon, I promise. You know the disclaimer.) Random Fact About BxB I have a recently-obtained obsession with the Disney Parks; I'm hoping to help with my family's next trip to Disneyland[Chapter 4] (A/N: I do not own the song \"Phony King of England\"!) A Friar's Baby Ch. 3 Later that night, Robin and Marian were taking a walk in Sherwood Forest together, hand-in-hand. By the lake, Robin gave Marian a ring made out of a flower with a firefly in the middle. Soon, they stopped at the clearing where the two thieves' hideout was located. \"Oh Robin, what a beautiful night,\" Marian mused, \"I wish it would never end.\" Little did they know, the night was about to get a lot more fun. \"Surprise!\" A familiar voice shouted from behind them, making the couple turn around in surprise. Behind the bushes, they saw Friar Tuck with his daughter sitting on his shoulders. \"Long live Robin Hood!\" \"Yay!\" Shenzi cheered. \"Hooray! And long live Maid Marian!\" Two tiny mice ran out of the badger's hood, and on top of his head as their goddaughter gazed down at them. The male mouse, who was known as \"Sexton Mouse\" was clad in a black robe and hat, while his wife was in a long, blue dress with a white apron and bonnet. \"Bravo! Bravo!\" The female mouse, known as \"Little Sister\", cheered. \"Bravo! Hear, hear! Bravo! Bravo! Hooray!\" The crowd cheered, as the couple couldn't help but grin. \"And down with that scu-u-urvy Prince John!\" Klucky decreed. \"Yeah!\" Little John began strumming on his acoustic guitar, before he broke into a fun song. \" Oh, the world will sing of an English king a thousand years from now! \" The crowd started dancing to his song, Shenzi jumping off her father's shoulders to do so; She was repeating her godmother's moves. \" And not because he passed some laws, Or had that lofty brow! While bonny good King Richard Leads the great crusade he's on, We'll all have to slave away For that good-for-nothin' John! \" Marian started dancing with Otto, as other citizens joined in playing music for the song. \" Incredible as he is inept Whenever the history books are kept They'll call him the phony king of England! \" \" A pox on the phony king of England! \" Friar Tuck joined Little John, before he chuckled from the overall excitement. Just then, he was in a hollow tree with a large, gaping hole in the front of the trunk behind a clothesline; They had made a puppet in Prince John's likeness. Friar Tuck fixed the crooked crown, but quickly ducked back down when the audience was playfully booing. But they started laughing soon after, Shenzi clapping one hand over her mouth; Although she was laughing more at her father's hasty exit. \" He sits alone on a giant throne. Pretendin' he's the king! \" Otto entered in with a sock puppet, with a party blower, in Sir Hiss' likeness. \" A little tyke who's rather like. A puppet on a string! \" The two proceeded to perform a humorous puppet show. \" And he throws an angry tantrum If he cannot have his way! And then he calls for Mom While he's suckin' his thumb! \" When Friar Tuck imitated Prince John sucking his thumb, the kids cracked up laughing. \" You see, he doesn't wanna play! Too late to be known as John the First, He's sure to be known as John the Worst! A pox on that phony king of England! \" Otto accidentally tore up the Prince John puppet in his act, but he and the badger just smiled at the audience. At that, Shenzi fell on her back from laughing so hard, revealing her white bloomers again. \" Lay that country on me, babe! \" And with that, Alan-a-Dale started playing a country-style guitar solo. \"Com on, Johnny! Go lad, go! Oh, oh, ooh!\" Klucky started dancing with Little John to the music. As Marian boogied with Robin, Shenzi was skipping sideways with her tiny hands in her father's. The citizens of Nottingham were having a wonderful time mocking the greedy, selfish prince! Shenzi was twirled around like a little ballerina as Klucky and Little John were dancing in a silly fashion. While Marian and Robin danced together, Shenzi was kicking her legs with her tiny hands in her father's once again. \" While he taxes us to pieces, And he robs us of our bread, King Richard's crown keeps slippin' down around that pointed head! \" Little John continued singing, as Marian was dancing with some of the citizens, two of them being Skippy's mother, and Shenzi. \" Ah, but while there is a merry man In Robin's wily pack! We'll find a way to make him pay And steal our money back! \" The citizens started clapping to the beat. \" A minute before he knows we're there, \" The bear looked down at Skippy. \" Old Rob'll snatch his underwear! \" When Robin slipped into the prince's full-covering undergarments, the crowd laughed and cheered for him. \" The breezy and uneasy king of England! \" The citizens, including the children, started clapping to the music as Marian danced, Little John sang, and Robin played the violin. \" The snivelin', grovelin', Measly, weaselly, Blabberin', jabberin', Jibberin', jabberin', Plunderin', plottin', Wheelin', dealin', Prince John that phony king of England, Yeah! \" Little John laughed with excitement when the song ended. \"Man, that's what I call a swingin' party!\" \"The most fun I've had in years!\" Klucky exclaimed with excitement. Nobody saw the black-haired child walk up to the tree that the rabbits plus Toby were standing by during the puppet show. \"Where'd Shenzi go?\" Friar Tuck wondered aloud, as he looked around for his daughter. \"There she is,\" Robin gestured to the tree. \"Aww, look at her,\" Skippy's mother smiled at the sleeping toddler, \"All tuckered out.\" \"Looks like all that excitement wore her out,\" Little John remarked with a smile. Then to everyone's amusement, the child started sucking her thumb in her sleep, with her left hand on her cheek. \"Hey, look! She's doing her first Prince John impression!\" He pointed out. \"It's much cuter when it's her doing it,\" Marian remarked with a giggle. \"And quieter too.\" \"I'd better take her home,\" Friar Tuck lifted her up, and as if she knew who it was, she snuggled into him a bit. \"She's had a big day; We all did.\" After everyone said goodnight to them, he headed for the church, with the sleeping little girl in his arms, and the mice on his shoulders. At one point, she mumbled something about the \"phony king\", followed by a giggle, effectively amusing him. \"What a cutie,\" Little Sister whispered, smiling down at the toddler. \"Uh huh,\" Sexton nodded in agreement; When Friar Tuck first brought Shenzi home after she was born, the mice adored her immediately, almost as much as he did. They also mourned for her mother with him. At that time, he made them her godparents, which they were delighted with. They thought that she was the cutest child they ever laid eyes on, and that thought only grew along with her. When they arrived, the mice retired into their mousehole for the night, as Friar Tuck headed for the nursery room after Shenzi's hair ribbon was taken out. He went to set her in her bed, but she gripped on his robe with her tiny fingers to prevent it, with her face on his chest. \"Now come on,\" He chuckled, \"Don't make this difficult.\" \"I,\" She mumbled, making him look down at her, \"I lo-oh, ohh...\" \"It's alright, Shen,\" He was able to set her face-up on her bed when her grip loosened. \"I know what you're trying to say; And I love you too.\" He caressed her longer bangs from her face, as she blinked up at him, her eyes drooped sleepily. \"G'night, sleep tight.\" He kissed her forehead, before standing up. When her eyes closed, he gave her soft hair one last, comforting caress, he stood up straight to leave her be; At the doorway, he looked back and smiled at his daughter sleeping peacefully, an adorable smile on her face. She truly was a precious little girl; Again, he couldn't ask for a better child. After another few seconds of watching his daughter, he left the room. The next morning, Friar Tuck went to see if his daughter was awake; To his surprise, her bed was empty, with her blanket seemingly pulled to the side. \"Shenzi?\" He called out, \"Where are you?\" He looked everywhere in her room, where the bell was, and in the main chapel, but had no luck. He looked down upon hearing tiny footsteps, but it was a yawning Sexton Mouse. \"Good morning, Sexton,\" He smiled down at him, before continuing his search. \"Good morning, Friar Tuck,\" Sexton smiled back, \"What are you looking for?\" To the badger, he sounded like he knew something that he didn't. \"I'm looking for Shenzi,\" He explained as he looked among the pews, \"Her bed was empty.\" \"Have you looked in your room?\" \"... No,\" Friar Tuck admitted, \"I-I didn't.\" \"Maybe she's in there,\" Sexton thought aloud; When he walked back in the mousehole, he stifled his laughter. Friar Tuck raised an eyebrow at him in confusion, before he slowly walked in his own bedroom. ' What was he laughing about? ' He thought to himself, ' Maybe she's in there. ' When he came in the room, he still didn't see his daughter, but there were some possible hiding places; Since she was a tiny girl, there were a lot for her. \"Okay young lady, I know you're in here,\" He called out, to see if she would come in plain view. \"You can come out now; I promise I'm not mad, just worried.\" But nothing happened; She didn't come out. \"Shenzi?\" Nothing. \"Sweetheart, I promise I'm not mad at you. Come on out, so I know that you're alright.\" Still nothing, so he starte looking in any possible places. \"Aha!\" He exclaimed when he looked under his bed, but she wasn't down there. \"You looking for something?\" A female voice surprised him into almost banging his head on the bedboard. He looked, and saw Little Sister in the doorway. She seemed to have the same \"I-know-something-you-don't\" look that her husband had. \"Y-yeah,\" He nodded, \"I'm looking for Shenzi; Have you seen her?\" \"No, I haven't,\" She shook her head, \"But... have you looked in your robes?\" She gestured to the small pile of robes on the floor; Due to the heavy taxes, he didn't have anything to hang them up with. \"No, I haven't looked there,\" He admitted. \"She could be in there,\" The female mouse shrugged, before she walked away, stifling giggles as she did so. He furrowed his thick eyebrows in confusion at her; What was up with those two? What were they keeping from him? Did they know where his daughter was? If so, why couldn't they just tell him? Shaking the thoughts out of his head, he started pulling his robes up after setting them on his bed, to see if she was under any of them. But he stopped when there was one more left, and he had no luck; There seemed to be a giant lump in it. He smirked upon seeing it; It had to be her. He quickly yanked it up with a playfully devious smile. \"Gotcha!\" But his eyes widened for a second when she wasn't even there! \"What-? Shenzi, where are you?\" But just after he spoke, she fell out of his last robe! \"D'woh!\" Shenzi safely landed face-up on his bed with a small \"Oomph!\" Friar Tuck's devious grin grew back as she looked up at him. \"You little sneak.\" She giggled in response. The skirt of her dress was ridden up from her fall, revealing her bloomers to him, and a little bit of her stomach. \"You know how worried I was about you?\" Shenzi nodded, her smile remaining. \"Then why didn't you come out?\" She just shrugged, trying not to laugh. \"Then what? Were you afraid of Prince John getting you? Like this?\" He smirked; At \" this \", he teasingly poked her stomach. She flinched and let out a loud giggle, as she shrugged her shoulders to her cheeks; Like any toddler, she was very ticklish. He poked her again, and she covered her stomach with her thin arms, and tried to curl up for protection while giggling some more. \"Oh, I'm Prince John!\" He playfully exclaimed, \"Now I've got you, little Missy!\" He grabbed his daughter, and started tickling her. With a loud squeal, Shenzi burst into a fit of laughter and giggles with her large eyes squeezed shut, as she squirmed and kicked her legs wildly. She let out another, louder squeal when he attacked her most ticklish spots: Under her arms, and on her stomach; Her dark hair was flying in all directions as she thrashed her head all around, her cheeks turning pink. \"D-dada, nohohohoho!\" She begged, followed by another squeal when he tickled her little armpits. \"I'm not your daddy,\" He continued playing around with her, \"I'm Prince John! And Prince John shows no mercy!\" Shenzi let out not a squeal, but a scream, when he blew a raspberry on her stomach after pulling her dress up, while attacking her sides. When he saw tears in her eyes, and how flushed her face was, he decided that she had enough. \"Okay, maybe a little mercy.\" He stopped and pulled her dress back down, as she panted and giggled, while wiping the tears out of her eyes. \"You okay, sweetheart?\" He asked her, now worried that he had gone a bit too far in the fun. \"U-uh huh,\" She nodded, before she sat up. Her hair was more frizzy than it was initially, from her thrashing her head, and her cheeks were blushing pink from laughing so hard. Plus she was covering herself with her arms again. \"Let's go see if the mice are awake,\" Friar Tuck lifted the child up in his arms, as he stood up, \"Then we'll go for a little walk in the fresh air.\" When they walked into the chapel, the mice came out of their hole. \"We knew where she was all along,\" Sexton confessed, while stifling laughter. \"We're sorry, Friar Tuck,\" Little Sister giggled, \"She didn't want us to tell you where she was.\" \"It's okay,\" He chuckled, \"It seems like she's taking after her uncles Robin and Little John.\" Shenzi giggled in response. \"Indeed,\" Sexton nodded in agreement. \"Well, I'm going to take her for a walk in the fresh air,\" He told the two mice on the floor. \"You two have fun,\" Little Sister smiled, \"We'll be here if you need us.\" \"Alright,\" Friar Tuck nodded, before he headed outside with his young daughter. Even though he had been really worried about her, he couldn't get angry at her; She just wanted to have a little fun, that's all. All that mattered was that she was safe and sound. \"A-ary,\" She muttered quietly, although he heard her. \"For what, sweetheart?\" He asked her, \"For hiding?\" She nodded with a guilty look. \"It's okay, I'm not mad at you. I was just worried that you had gone missing. And I'm glad that you're safe.\" He kissed her cheek, making a blush and a smile grow on her face. Before they could do anything else, they heard a dreadfully familiar voice; The Sheriff! They quickly hid out of his sights, but then, they heard him: \" He stands alone on a giant throne, pretendin' that he's the king! A little tyke who's rather like a puppet on a string! \" Shenzi let out a little giggle, but covered her mouth to muffle it. \"Now I've seen everything,\" Friar Tuck whispered to her, trying not to laugh himself. Little did they know, that fun song was going to cause a lot of trouble not only for them, but for all of Nottingham. (A/N: Uh oh; Things are gonna start going south. O,O You know the disclaimer. By the way, Little John's line \"Man, that's what I call a swingin' party!\" is from The Jungle Book, and the scene where Shenzi was put to bed is based off a scene from Peter Pan.) Random Fact about BxB Disney's Robin Hood is my favorite version of the tale. My two \"close calls\" are Men in Tights, and the new-ish Tom & Jerry movie.[Chapter 5] (A/N: I am on a roll here!) A Friar's Baby Ch. 4 Some time later, Nottingham was more depressing than ever; In a fit of fury from the mocking, Prince John had the taxes increased to practically sky-heights, driving the people to debt. Whoever couldn't pay their taxes in full were thrown in jail; Skippy, Toby, and their families were among those people. Even Otto and Alan-a-Dale were in there. The Tucks, the mice, Robin, and Little John were among the handful of citizens who were still home free, but that handful was about to get even smaller. As the bell was tolling, and the organ was played, Shenzi sat on the floor against the wall, her hands in her lap; Along with the taxes, her endearing cheerfulness was sucked away, and was traded with sadness. She looked like she couldn't smile, even if she wanted to. \"Friar Tuck?\" Sexton sighed after ceasing his playing, \"I don't think anyone is coming.\" It was true; Other than the tiny family, the church was empty. \"You're right, Sexton,\" Friar Tuck agreed with the male mouse, as he stopped ringing the bell, \"But maybe the sound of this church bell will bring the poor people some comfort.\" He walked out in the chapel, as the child looked up at hearing his voice. \"We must do what we can to keep their hopes alive.\" Sexton nodded in agreement, as he solemnly resumed playing; Shenzi gazed back down at her tiny hands. At the mousehole, Little Sister was sweeping the doorway. \"Oh, how can there be any hope, with that tyrant Prince John taxing the heart and soul out of the poor people?\" She held her broom closer for a moment. \"Tiyant,\" Shenzi mumbled in a small voice. \"Yes, those poor people,\" The badger sadly agreed with the two girls, as he looked in the charity box on the wall. \"Look, our poor box is like our church... empty.\" Shenzi watched solemnly, before she secretly pulled out her farthing, which was still in her dress. She looked up, and saw Friar Tuck slumped on a low bench, looking despondent; He didn't seem to notice her. Sadness filled up inside of her; She hated seeing him like that. If he was sad, then she was too if not more so. She looked back down at the coin in her tiny hand, before she nodded, deciding to do what she was thinking of. She walked up to him, her shoes quietly squeaking on the floor; She tugged on his sleeve a bit, getting his attention. She held out the coin, and pointed to the charity box with her free hand. \"P-poor,\" She stuttered out timidly, as she glanced at the box. But he caught on immediately. \"Your last farthing?\" His eyes widened in surprise at her, but she simply nodded, and held it out again. It surprised him seeing his young child making such an adult decision. All that innocence hid some maturity; She truly was special. He smiled and accepted it from her, as she smiled back. \"Oh, Shenzi; No one can give more than that!\" He carefully deposited her donation in the box; The clinking sent a ping of joy in her. \"Bless you, sweetheart!\" He kissed his daughter's forehead, and laid his hand on her cheek; Shenzi smiled and blushed in a timid way from the attention. He knelt down, and hugged his little girl; With a little coo, she laid her head on his shoulder. She had thought that her donation wouldn't do much, but now she was so glad that she did it; Seeing her daddy happy made her happy too. She then decided to make him even happier; Feeling timid once again, she leaned her head forward, and gave him a little kiss on his cheek. Her bold, yet endearing move made his smile grow, if that was even possible. \"Oh, what a little angel!\" Little Sister gasped and gushed at the precious scene as the toddler was gently set on her feet. \"Oh, she was probably saving it for a rainy day,\" The Sexton chuckled at the shy child, who glanced at them, the blush remaining on her face. \"Well, it's raining now,\" Friar Tuck looked up at the window, where one pane was broken, and chuckled at the three. \"Things can't get worse.\" \"Howdy, Friar!\" A dreadfully familiar voice made the family freeze; Sexton slipped, and caused a discordant crash as the Sheriff strolled proudly down the aisle. Shenzi hid behind Friar Tuck in fear. \"Looks like I've dropped by just in time!\" \"What does that big-bellied bully want here?!\" Sexton whispered angrily, but was unheard by the wolf. \"Father, shh!\" His wife shushed him. The Sheriff looked in the poor box, and drew out Shenzi's donation. \"Hmm! Well, what have we got here?\" Shenzi was very confused at this. ' Why is he taking my dobation? ' She thought sadly, ' He's not a poor peoples! ' \"Now just a minute, Sheriff!\" Friar Tuck glared at him, feeling incredulous, \"Th-that's the poor box!\" He stuttered; He was baffled at how anyone could be so heartless. \"It sure is, and I'll just take it for poor Prince John,\" The Sheriff said smugly, flipping the coin and stuffing it in his bag, \"Every little bit helps,\" He chuckled. \"Ooh, you put that back!\" Little Sister ordered. \"It's her donation!\" She pointed to the little girl, who came out of hiding. She figured that it wouldn't affect his decision, but she wanted to at least try. \"Aww, and His Majesty also blesses you, little one.\" The wolf smiled in a false, gracious way as he patted Shenzi's head; She gave him the most menacing glare that she could muster up. \"You thieving scoundrel!\" Friar Tuck shouted angrily at the Sheriff, shaking his fist at him. The glare was wiped off the child's face as her heart jumped in shock; She hardly ever heard her father talk like that. \"Now take it easy, Friar, I'm just doin' my duty,\" The Sheriff had his nose up, and his arms crossed. \"Collecting taxes for that arrogant, greedy, ruthless, no-good Prince John?!\" The badger yelled, his voice rising with every word, and was echoing off the stone wall. Shenzi started backing away, as she suddenly felt nervous, but went unnoticed. Now this was new to her. \"Listen, Friar, you're mighty preachy, and you are gonna preach your neck right into a hangman's noose!\" The Sheriff warned him, shaking his finger in his face. \"GET OUT OF MY CHURCH!\" Friar Tuck suddenly roared out. Now terrified, Shenzi jumped up, ran, and hid in the bell room. And she was still unnoticed. \"Out! Out! Out! Out!\" He shoved the Sheriff out in the rain in several strides, as the mice stayed behind. \"Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Oh, dear me,\" Little Sister muttered in fear, as her husband was jumping up and down in anger. Shenzi listened from her hiding place, before she sneaked out, and up to the open doorway. Outside, Friar Tuck was having a fierce battle with the Sheriff, and was clearly winning. \"You want taxes? I'll give you taxes! \" \"Give it to him! Give it to him! Give it to him, Friar!\" Sexton cheered him on, from the doorway. Shenzi finally stepped out in the rain, and watched the battle with wide eyes, quickly getting soaked. She covered her eyes when Friar Tuck was almost attacked with the Sheriff's sword, but he quickly ducked down to avoid it. Swooping down from the tree, Trigger pulled the badger's cowel over his eyes to assist the Sheriff, yet was knocked off anyway. But then, the wolf had a neck iron ready. \"You're under arrest for high treason to the crown!\" Friar Tuck was still trying to land a blow, but was stopped cold by the iron. \"Oh no!\" Little Sister exclaimed in despair, before burying her face in her apron and sobbing in it. \"Oh, there, there, Mother,\" Sexton tried to comfort her. The mice and the child watched helplessly as Friar Tuck was being led away, and the rain kept pattering down around them. For Shenzi, that was the last straw. Stealing from that box was bad enough, but taking her daddy away from her? Unacceptable! Without a hint of hesitation, she broke into a stomping run, surprising the two mice as her tiny shoes making small splashes, before she came up behind them, and grabbed a rock off the ground. \"No!\" She yelled angrily, as she threw the rock at the Sheriff's head. \"Ow! What the-?\" Friar Tuck and the Sheriff looked back, and were both surprised to see the small child, looking more furious than ever, with her tiny hands clenched into fists. Her wet hair gave her more of an intimidating vibe. \"Aww,\" The Sheriff smiled, \"Looks like the sweet little princess has some spunk in her.\" He turned to Trigger. \"We'll take her too!\" The vulture used his feet to grab her by her hair, and practically drag her along. She screamed in pain, as she tried to escape his grip. \"You shut up, or you'll be getting a metal clasp around your mouth, you little brat!\" Trigger threatened, as he refused to let up; But she didn't either. The mice watched sadly, and helplessly as the small family was taken away. Upon arriving at the jail, they stopped at one cell, but the Sheriff had a plan for them. \"I hope you two have said your sweet goodbyes to each other, because this is the last time you'll ever see each other!\" \"What?!\" Friar Tuck exclaimed angrily, although he felt fear as well. \"Your sweet little angel won't even share a cell with you!\" The Sheriff taunted, \"You'll both be all by your lonesome selves until your fates come into effect.\" \"N-no!\" Shenzi yelled fearfully. \"No! You can't do that!\" Friar Tuck exclaimed, \"She needs me!\" \"She won't for long,\" The wolf sneered smugly, \"You might as well say your goodbyes now, while you can. And, Trigger will be personally escorting your little one to her cell. Five... four...\" The vulture started backing away tauntingly, with the child in tow. \"Shenzi!\" Friar Tuck exclaimed to his precious daughter, \"Just remember: I love you, sweetheart!\" Shenzi stayed silent, before courage filled her up entirely. \"I, I LOVE YOU TOO, DADDY!\" She shouted; Her first sentence! The badger was in so much shock, that getting him chained up in his cell was almost effortless for the wolf. \"Time's up!\" Trigger pulled at the child's neck iron, \"Come on, you little brat.\" Soon, the Sheriff started following them. After a while, they arrived at a decently-sized cell; The child was harshly shoved in. \"Here's your new nursery, princess,\" Trigger sneered, as the Sheriff took off her neck iron, and replaced it with a bigger one tightly under her ribs, over her soaked dress. Meanwhile in the castle, Prince John was sitting in his throne, his hands clenched into fists and a glare on his face. Sir Hiss cleared his throat, feeling awkward from the silence. \"Sire, if I may... may venture an opinion, you're not your usual cheerful, genial self today,\" He remarked, but he didn't receive an answer. \"I know, I know! You haven't counted your money for days, hmm? It always makes you so happy.\" He fiddled with some of the coins with his tail, but cleared his throat again after not getting a response. \"Sire, taxes are pouring in, the jail is full. And, oh! I have good news, sire: Friar Tuck and his daughter are in jail.\" \" Friar Tuck?! \" Prince John shouted as he suddenly stood up, flinging Hiss and a bunch of coins in the air; Although he was unaware of just exactly what he said. \"It's Robin Hood I want, you idiot! I'd give all my gold if I could just get my hands o-...!\" He stopped when he realized what Hiss told him. \"... Did you say Friar Tuck? And his daughter?\" \"Did I?\" Hiss stuttered nervously, \"Yes, I did.\" Prince John thought for a second, before an epiphany hit him. \"Ah, Hiss! I have it!\" He smiled, \"I'll use that fat friar, and his little brat as bait to trap Robin Hood.\" \"Another trap?\" \"Yes, yes you stupid serpent. Friar Tuck will be led to the gallows in the village square, don't you see?\" \"B-but sire!\" Hiss was shocked at this, \"Hang Friar Tuck? A man of the church?\" \"Yes, my reluctant reptile.\" \"His daughter will be an orphan! She's only two!\" \"Which is why, well let's just say I hope that she's willing to learn French.\" This shocked the snake even more. \"You're deporting that little girl to France?!\" Even he knew that the father and daughter were extremely close, and had a near-impossible time imagining them being harshly separated like this. \"Yes, you brainless boa. And when our elusive hero tries to rescue the corpulent cleric and his churlish rugrat,\" He let out an evil laugh, \"My men will be ready.\" He laughed some more at his evilly genius plan. \"Well, Trigger, everything's rigged up and all set,\" The Sheriff announced; He and the vultures were setting up the gallows for the execution. \"Yep, it's one of the prettiest scaffolds you ever built,\" Trigger remarked. \"Sheriff, don't you reckon we oughta give that there trapdoor a test?\" Nutsy, the goofier vulture suggested, as he pulled the lever. With a grunt, the Sheriff fell in the trapdoor, and was stuck in it. \"Crimenetly, now I know why your mama called ya \"Nutsy\",\" He remarked irritably. \"Alms, alms for the poor,\" A strange, \"blind\" fox came in with a black cane. \"Do me old ears hear the melodious voice of the sheriff?\" \"That's right, old man,\" The Sheriff chuckled with flattery. \"What be going on here?\" The fox asked them, tapping the scaffold with his cane. \"We're gonna hang Friar Tuck.\" \"No! Hang Friar...!\" The fox, who was revealed to be Robin, unintentionally broke character, but quickly regained his composure; Luckily, his slip-up was unnoticed. \"Um, hang Friar Tuck?\" \"You betcha; At dawn,\" Nutsy said. \"Plus, his bratty little girl will be shipped right to France!\" The Sheriff continued. \"Wha...?!\" Robin almost broke character again, but stopped himself again. \"Eh, deport his daughter?\" \"Just after the execution.\" \"And maybe it'll even be a double hangin'!\" Nutsy continued. Trigger muffled his beak with his wing in anger and annoyance. \"Shh, shh! Dummy up, you dummy!\" \"A double hangin', eh? Who'll be the other one who gets the rope?\" The fox wondered aloud. \"Sheriff, he's gettin' too all-fired nosy,\" Trigger said cautiously, pointing his arrow at him. \"Oh, I didn't mean nothin',\" The fox told him, \"But, um, couldn't there be trouble if Robin Hood showed up?\" \"Well, what da ya know, Sheriff! He guessed it!\" Nutsy exclaimed with a laugh. \"Nutsy, button your beak!\" Trigger ordered him. \"Ah, no need to worry. The sheriff be too crafty, too clever and too smart for the likes of him, says I,\" The fox remarked, as the wolf smiled. \"Ya hear that, Nutsy?\" Robin secretly lowered his glasses with a mischievous grin as the Sheriff gloated, \"For bein' blind, he sure knows a good man when he sees one, says I.\" \"Sheriff, I still got a feelin' that that snoopy old codger knows too much.\" \"Oh, shut up, Trigger; He's just a harmless old blind beggar.\" \"Alms, alms for the poor. Alms, alms for the poor,\" Robin continued his act, but broke character when he was out of the wolf and vultures' sights. \"Rob, we can't let 'em hang Friar Tuck,\" Little John whispered to him, \"Or deport his daughter to France.\" \"A jailbreak tonight is the only chance they've got,\" Robin decided. \"A jailbreak? Ain't no way you can get them!\" \"We've got to, Johnny, or Friar Tuck dies at dawn.\" \" We've got to, Johnny, or Friar Tuck dies at dawn.\" Horror filled Shenzi's heart upon hearing the last five words; Due to her sharp hearing, she was able to make out what they were saying, although she didn't recognize the voices. Despite her young age, she knew all too well what the word \"die\" meant. The last five words repeatedly played in her mind. Friar Tuck dies at dawn Friar Tuck dies Dies Dies Dies As the words assaulted her mind, she collapsed on the cold floor as sobs escaped. (A/N: You know the disclaimer. Poor Shenzi. :'( Intense, huh? O,O When I think of Shenzi running to protest her daddy's arrest, I imagine the music \"Short Hair\" from Mulan playing. XD) Random Fact about BxB I'm super shy about meeting face characters at Disneyland! X3 I wish I wasn't, though...[Chapter 6] (A/N: Warning; This is a long chapter. O,O) A Friar's Baby Ch. 5 In the cell, Shenzi wasn't able to cease her sobbing; She had lived with Friar Tuck her whole life, and even with her vivid imagination, couldn't think of anything otherwise. Now more than ever, she desperately wanted to be in her father's arms; He was always very comforting. But since she was alone, she went with hugging herself as heartbreaking sobs kept escaping. She laid face-down on the cold stone floor, although she felt uncomfortable with the iron on her small midsection. After a while, she cried herself to sleep, with tear stains on her cheeks. Outside in the village square, Robin and Little John were putting their plan into action; They sneaked in, undetected, and waited outside the gate. Little John reached over to grab Nutsy after he stood at his post, but was abruptly stopped. \"O-o-o-o-ne o'clo-o-ock, and a-a-a-a-a-a-all's we-e-e-e-ell!\" He shouted, and the clock chimed three times, proving him wrong. The Sheriff snorted and smacked his lips together, waking up from his slumber. \"Nutsy, you'd better set your brains ahead a couple of hours.\" \"Yes sir,\" Nutsy nodded, \"Uh, does that there mean addin' or subtractin'?\" \"Oh, let's forget it.\" \"Yes sir, Sheriff sir,\" Nutsy then continued his duties: Guarding the jail gate. \"Nutsy, how can I sleep with you yelling, \"All's well!\" all the time here?\" The wolf glared. \"Sheriff, everything ain't \"all's well\",\" Trigger reported, \"I got a feelin' in my bones there's gonna be a jailbreak any minute.\" The Sheriff flinched when he saw that the vulture's peashooter was pointed directly at his head. \"Crimenetly, Trigger! Point that peashooter the other way!\" \"Don't you worry none, sheriff. The safety's on Old Betsy.\" Trigger patted the shooter, but then it went off, sending the arrow flying all around them, before it stopped. \"What in tarnation you tryin' to do, you birdbrain?!\" The wolf glared at him, before punching his head over his helmet. \"Just doin' my duty, Sheriff.\" \"You and that itchy trigger finger of yours.\" Meanwhile, Nutsy went back to his previous post; But his scream was muffled when he was pulled back. \"Hey, did you hear that?\" Trigger was on alert. \"Sure did, Trigger,\" The Sheriff nodded, \"There's somethin' funny goin' on around here; Come on.\" The two started sneaking over to Nutsy's post area, but stopped when Trigger's arrow unintentionally made contact with the wolf's backside. \"Wait a minute. Is the safety on Old Betsy?\" \"You bet it is, Sheriff.\" \"That's what I'm afraid of. You go first,\" He ordered, and the vulture did just that. \"All right, you in there, come out with your hands up!\" Behind the gate, Robin and Little John had Nutsy tied to a tree and gagged, while the fox put on his uniform. \"Yeah, reach for the sky!\" Trigger added. \"Just you watch this pre-formance, partner,\" Robin put a sock, which resembled Nutsy's beak, on his nose for his disguise. \"Be careful, Rob.\" With that, Robin put the next phase into action: He posed as the goofy vulture. \"Jehoshaphat, Trigger; Put that peashooter down,\" He said in the vulture's voice. \"Oh, shucks Trigger, it's only Nutsy,\" The Sheriff put his sword away, \"And criminently, get back to your patrol. On the double. Get!\" He kicked at him, but narrowly missed. \"I'm a-gettin'! I'm a-gettin'!\" \"That Trigger; He's gettin' everybody edgy,\" The wolf grumbled to himself, \"Nothing's gonna happen. That fat friar is gonna dangle from the gallows come daybreak. And his precious little girl is going to be there to watch the whole thing right before her bright, innocent eyes.\" As he spoke to himself, Robin winked to Little John, indicating their plan was going just as they hoped. \"Nutsy\" adjusted the chair for the Sheriff by the jail gate. \"Sheriff, why don't you just sit yourself down here, kind of cozy-like?\" \"Well, thank you, Nutsy.\" He mumbled tiredly. \"Just close your sleepy little eyeballs. The sandman's a-comin'.\" The \"vulture\" made him more comfortable, as the Sheriff started snoring. \"Why don't you, uh, let me loosen that belt?\" Robin undid his belt, and carefully slid the key ring off of it, trying not to make too much noise; He flinched when the wolf snorted. \" Rock-a-bye, Sheriff Just you relax... \" He started singing, and the Sheriff hummed along in his sleep. Once he was out, Robin went to work; He started using the keys to unlock the jail gate, but flinched from the loud squeak and click, and hid the key behind his back when the Sheriff snorted. \"Oh, Nutsy, that's mighty sweet. Sing it one more time, would you?\" \" Rock-a-bye, sheriff Just you relax... \" Robin sang once more, and the wolf was out again. After he gave him the signal, Little John sneaked over, and in the entrance to the jail. But when Robin gave him the keys, Little John accidentally slammed the gate shut. \"Wait a minute!\" Trigger exclaimed when he heard the slam but his shooter went off again, effectively waking up the Sheriff while Robin hid at the entrance. \"Jailbreak! Jailbreak! I heard it! I heard it! The door! The door!\" Robin used Nutsy's ax to make the vulture trip and slide over to the angry Sheriff. \"Now, for the last time, no more false alarms,\" He told him. \"B'aow!\" Trigger yelled when the Sheriff kicked him away. (A/N: I gotta be honest, I used disneyscreencaps, without spaces, for assistance on that part. XD) \"Now, you release Friar Tuck and the others,\" Robin whispered to Little John, \"And I'll drop in on the royal treasury.\" With the clinking keys in hand, the bear went to do just that. He stopped at a cell with a sign on the door reading \"Sentenced to Death for Treason\" with Prince John's signature. He opened the door, and saw Friar Tuck chained up with irons on his wrists and ankles. The badger slowly looked up, and was surprised at who he saw. \"Oh, Little John, it can't be!\" \"Shh, quiet,\" Little John shushed him as he was unchaining the irons, \"We're bustin' out of here.\" \"Thank God,\" Friar Tuck rubbed his sore wrists when they were released, \"My prayers have been answered.\" Then the two proceeded to release the other prisoners. While Friar Tuck helped Otto and the rabbits, he was desperately searching for his young daughter. He wanted her in his arms again, so he'd know if she's alright or not. He prayed for the former; He didn't know what that dastardly prince had in mind for her, but he didn't exactly want to. But he was going to find out. \"I'm ready! Where's the bad guy?\" Skippy came forward with determination after he was released from his neck iron, but Friar Tuck stopped him. \"Take it easy, son,\" He told the young rabbit. \"Ha-have any of you seen my daughter?\" He asked the citizens after they were all released. \"I did!\" Skippy piped up, \"She's over there, behind that door.\" He pointed to the other side of the wall that the two came from. He followed Little John and Friar Tuck headed in that direction. \"But may I ask, what does de-por-tation mean?\" He asked them. Friar Tuck's eyes widened in horror. \"DEPORTATION?!\" He shouted. \"SHH!\" Little John shushed him again in a panic, clapping a hand over his mouth. \"Why that Prince John!\" The badger snarled angrily after he was ungagged, \"When I get my hands on him...\" \"Deportation means that she was going to get shipped to another state, or country,\" Little John quietly explained to Skippy, \"It looks like she was going to be deported to France.\" \"France?\" \"Was?\" Toby whispered as he emptied a bunch of water out of his shell. \"But nobody's going to France tonight,\" Little John said with determination, \"Especially her.\" He then turned to Friar Tuck. \"I'll get your daughter out of there; You wait out here.\" He unlocked and opened the door quietly, and what he saw broke his heart: Shenzi was laying face-down on the floor, a tight iron on her midsection, and tear stains on her cheeks, as if she had been crying forever. She woke up from the door opening, and gasped at the familiar figure at the doorway. It was then when he saw her large eyes were bloodshot from crying. \"Li-li...?\" \"Yeah, it's me,\" He nodded as he knelt to her level, \"Your uncle Little John; We're busting out of here, kid.\" \"'Ust?\" She muttered. \"That's right,\" He nodded, undoing her iron. \"D-Daddy?\" \"Daddy's right outside,\" He whispered to her, before setting his hands on her tiny shoulders. \"But you have to stay quiet, or Prince John, or the Sheriff will hear you, okay?\" She nodded. \"Good,\" He smiled, \"Now come on.\" He tried to escort her, but she ran out in the main jail room, effectively alarming him. And to her delight, her father was right there, completely unharmed. With a small yell of joy, getting his attention, she ran over and jumped in his arms, another sob escaping the second she landed. Friar Tuck felt tears well up in his own eyes as his daughter cried heavily in his chest. \"Shh, sh, sh, sh, it's okay, baby, it's okay,\" He tried to sooth her, as he hugged her tightly, \"Daddy's here; You're alright.\" Her dress and hair were still damp from the rain from earlier, but he couldn't care less; All that mattered was that she was safe, and in his arms again. He kissed her temple as she sniffled and whimpered pitifully. Little John smiled as he watched the heartwarming reunion. Skippy's mother had tears of joy in her eyes as she watched it as well. In the master bedroom, where Prince John and Sir Hiss were sleeping, Robin successfully entered from the balcony with a grappling hook. \"Robin Hood!\" The fox flinched when he heard the prince's voice, but was relieved that he was just talking, not to mention laughing, in his sleep. \"I'll get even. I'll get...\" He then went back to snoring. Since the coast was clear, Robin shot an arrow into the jail room window. In the jail room, the child was able to regain her composure as Little John shot the arrow back out through the window. She wiped her eyes, and smiled as she gazed up at her beloved father, whom she thought she'd never see again. \"I,\" She sniffled and wiped her eyes again, \"I-I love you, Daddy,\" She said again, her voice cracking at the end. \"Oh.\" Friar Tuck sighed shakily and held her closer, his head just next to hers as his tears escaped. He had thought that he'd never see his precious daughter again; He didn't want her to go anywhere without him until she was 20, at least. He didn't even want to set her down again! He was afraid that if he did, then she would slip away again, and this time, never come back to him. \"I love you too, sweetheart.\" He stroked her damp hair and kissed her forehead as she smiled up at him, tears in her eyes threatening to spill. In the bedroom, when the arrow stopped on the bed's headboard, Prince John shot up in surprise, but stayed asleep as he sunk back down. As Robin started tying bags of loot to the newly-created zip-line, he heard Prince John's snoring increase in volume, and become associated with high-pitched moaning. He shook his head in distaste as he continued his work. \"It's Robin Hood I... I want,\" Prince John muttered in his sleep before flopping on his stomach, making the fox jump back a bit. But then, the lion started laughing in his sleep. Robin looked, and saw that Sir Hiss' tongue was unintentionally tickling his foot. But then, he kicked the snake in the face, effectively waking him up with a snort of shock. As Hiss looked around the room suspiciously, Robin quickly ducked down before he could see him. He grimaced upon seeing that Prince John's backside was almost right in his face. He then fell back asleep when the fox started rocking his bed with one foot as he continued his selfless looting. In the jail room, Alan-a-Dale was pulling the rope, so the bags would come their way. Friar Tuck laughed with joy as he was carrying four bags, and his daughter, who was holding three for support, at one time. \"Praise the Lord, and pass the tax rebate!\" He chuckled as he gave one bag to an owl couple. \"Come on,\" Little John whispered, \"Follow me.\" And they did just that; Some of the citizens, including Friar Tuck, Otto, and the owl couple, followed the bear quietly. Friar Tuck was forced to set his daughter down, so that he would help more in carrying the bags; He hated to, but she stayed close to him as she carried one. That provided some comfort for him. \"You stay close to me, okay?\" He whispered to her, just to be safe, and she nodded obediently. She hated not being in his arms anymore, but she didn't want to slow them down; Plus, she volunteered to carry one bag for them, and was insistent. Little John carefully opened the gate, and was checking for any enemies when to his horror, one of the bags had a rip on the bottom; It was small, but it was big enough for farthings to fall through. The Sheriff woke up when some fell on his face, and just before he could do anything, Little John pulled him back by his mouth, effectively muffling him. After a tussle, the bear came out in the wolf's clothes, and took his place in the chair. \"Now, Sheriff... Now, don't get your dander up,\" Trigger began telling the wolf, not knowing who he was actually talking to, \"But I still got a feelin' that...\" He stopped when Little John revealed his true identity, and was grabbed by the neck before he could do or say anything. \"Friar, get goin',\" Little John told the badger, who led everyone out of the gateway, \"Hurry.\" He quietly led the citizens through the village square when none of the guards saw them. Shenzi was starting to slow down from the heavy bag's strain on her tiny arms, so Friar Tuck carried it for her. As they sneaked through, the clock chimed four times. This caught Robin's attention, and practically told him to pick up the pace. He hurriedly tied another bag on the zip-line, before he saw another bag under Prince John's pillow. He carefully lifted up the prince's pillow, and his head, and dropped him down after snatching the bag. Prince John snorted and almost woke up in surprise, before he shuddered and started sucking his thumb loudly. This woke up Sir Hiss, who was feeling irritated. Robin then saw the last bag in the prince's left elbow; He carefully lifted his arm up and grabbed the bag with one hand, but his thumb slipped out of his mouth. When Robin pulled the bag away, Prince John's thumb fell back in his mouth. Hiss looked around as Robin ran to the balcony, and started riding along the zip-line. The snake bit into one of the bags with his tail around the lion's ankle, effectively waking him when they were dragged along. Prince John screamed in terror before and as he grabbed onto the balcony railing when he almost fell, his crown flying off and falling back on his head. \"Guards! Guards! My gold!\" He then fell and landed by the gate, where the last of the citizens were escaping with the loot. \"Oh, no, no, no! They're getting away with my gold!\" He whimpered, \"Guards! Guards! To the jail!\" Just as Sis and Tagalong escaped, the prince closed the jail door. But the guards were headed right for him! \"Rhinos, halt! Stop! Desist!\" But the guards broke the door right off its hinges, and brought Prince John with them; They then broke right through the stone walls. \"Everybody, this way!\" Robin commanded as he led the citizens, as they were being bombarded by the guards' oncoming arrows. One hit Otto's cane, while another narrowly missed Toby's head when he ducked into his shell. Sis ducked and jumped up to avoid getting hit. When three guards came running in, Robin and Skippy each shot an arrow at them, pinning them on a wooden beam. Alan-a-Dale shielded a little raccoon he was carrying from an arrow with his guitar. The Captain of the Guard attempted to attack Friar Tuck and the owl couple with his large ax, but narrowly missed. Shenzi had skidded to a stop and covered her eyes in fear; But she uncovered them and kept running a second later, but was slightly left behind. Little John tipped over a wheelbarrow, so its contents, which were barrels of wine, would roll out, and bombard the rhinos. He and Friar Tuck started boarding the citizens in the wheelbarrow; Friar Tuck stowed all the raccoons in, when Robin came up, hastily carrying Shenzi to her father. \"That's all of them! Get going!\" As the badger boarded his young daughter in their method of transportation, the fox pulled the heavy lever that lowered the bridge, giving them an escape route. \"This ain't no hayride; Let's move it out of here!\" Little John joked, before he started pulling the wheelbarrow along the bridge. \"Hey-o-o-oh!\" \"On to Sherwood Forest!\" Friar Tuck exclaimed as he pushed the wheelbarrow from the back. \"Stop! My baby!\" Skippy's mother suddenly yelled out. Shenzi looked, and saw that Tagalong was still in the courtyard. \"Mama, Mama, wait for me!\" When bravery washed over her, Shenzi jumped on the ground, and ran back in the opposite direction! \"Shenzi, no!\" Friar Tuck yelled in horror, \"Come back here!\" He wanted so much to go after her and bring her back, but Little John couldn't pull the wheelbarrow by himself, so he had to help him. He wished that she wasn't so brave. Luckily for him, Robin came back, and grabbed the two children; Tagalong was in his arms, while Shenzi was sitting on his shoulders. He started running back to the gate with the little girls in tow, and the guards in hot pursuit, but one guard closed the gate before he could escape! \"We've got him now!\" The Sheriff exclaimed, as he was now clad in only a pink undershirt. Robin slipped Tagalong in Little John's arms through the gate, but Shenzi couldn't fit between the rails. \"Just keep going; Don't worry about us,\" He whispered hastily, \"Tell Friar Tuck that I promise to take very good care of his daughter.\" \"Will do, Rob,\" Little John quickly nodded, before he ran back to where the other citizens were waiting. \"Where's Shenzi?\" Friar Tuck asked the bear when he saw that he wasn't with the fox, or the black-haired child, \"And where's Robin?\" \"They're still in the castle,\" Little John hesitantly explained, \"She couldn't fit through the rails.\" \"What?!\" Friar Tuck yelled in horror, \"She's still in there?!\" He felt horrible for only mentioning Shenzi, but she was very young. Robin was much more likely to come out unharmed, although he still worried for him. \"Yes, but Robin promises to take very good care of your daughter.\" Sis' heart sank at those words; She had said the same thing to him only a couple days ago, on her little brother's birthday; She only hoped that this time would go better than before. Friar Tuck couldn't believe it; His baby girl was still in that castle with those guards, Sir Hiss, the Sheriff, and worst of all, Prince John! He should've gone after her! Now, because he didn't, she may very well be in grave danger! He trusted Robin, but he was still terrified for his little angel. He couldn't lose her again; The one time alone was overwhelming, so a second time just might kill him. Meanwhile, Robin now had Shenzi on his back, as he climbed up the gate, and swung on a rope, kicking the Sheriff into the rhinos. He then proceeded to climb up one of the stone towers, dodging spears and using them to quicken his pace. At the top, after shifting the child in his arms, he ducked to dodge two arrows that two guards shot at him; This caused the guards to duck down to avoid getting struck themselves. He then jumped to another tower, where the master bedroom was, throwing Shenzi carefully down on its walkway when he landed and almost fell off the ledge. After grabbing her back, he inched along the walls, hastily dodging arrows shot by guards and causing his hat to flip off his head for a second. \"This time, we got him for sure!\" The Sheriff exclaimed to himself, as he ran up the tower with a lit-up torch. Robin jumped in the room through the balcony, exited the bedroom, and closed the curtain. But to his terror, the Sheriff was right behind them! After setting Shenzi down in a safe place, a fierce battle raged on between him and the wolf. Robin ran back in the bedroom, as the Sheriff started a fire in the tower, from his growing obsession with doing the thief in. Shenzi watched the fight from the torn, flaming curtain with wide eyes. Robin used a chair for a shield, but had to drop it when it started burning. After yanking a carpet out from under the Sheriff's feet, he grabbed Shenzi and made a run for it, dodging the flames. He used everything in him to make sure the child wouldn't get hurt in any way; He couldn't let Friar Tuck down. He'd be so devastated if anyone happened to his precious little girl; She was everything to him. When the flames started closing in on them, he held the child closer, and escaped to the top of the tower. \"Shoot them!\" Prince John commanded. The deportation plan left his mind; Now, he just wanted the little girl dead, along with Robin. The fox looked around in a panic for an escape route; Little did he and Shenzi know, Little John and Skippy were watching from the forest in anticipation. When the flames only got bigger, Robin set Shenzi on his back, and jumped in the lake below with her. \"Kill them! Kill them!\" Prince John shouted in anger. Robin was swimming in the water with Shenzi in tow, being bombarded by arrows before they sunk down. The lion, snake, bear, and young rabbit watched the lake in anticipation. \"Come on, you two. Come on,\" Little John urged. \"They've just got to make it,\" Skippy added in with hope. But only a second later, Robin's hat, which had an arrow through it, and Shenzi's hair ribbon, which had two arrows, emerged without their owners. \"No!\" Little John exclaimed in horror, as he shook his head. \"No, no.\" \"Hiss! They're finished! Done for!\" Prince John cheered, \" Lalala! \" He sang and danced happily, before he laughed with joy. \"They're... going to make it,\" Skippy said, before looking up at the bear, \"Aren't they... Little John?\" But he stayed silent as tears welled up; The hero of Nottingham was no more. Plus, another innocent was gone too. And a very young one at that. He immediately thought of Friar Tuck; He couldn't imagine how devastated he would be when he'd find out that his little angel, his princess, his flesh and blood, was gone for good. And at such a young age too. Skippy gripped Little John's hand as tears leaked from his own eyes. His idol, and his young friend were gone forever. Just as he faced the facts, he saw something in the water that caught his eye. \"Hey, what's that?\" It was two reeds moving by themselves. \"Little John, lookit! Lookit!\" He ran up to the lake to investigate, and the bear followed him, and knelt down to take a look. Suddenly, one of the reeds sprayed water in his face. \"Hey, what the...?\" And to his and Skippy's delight, it was Robin Hood, and Shenzi too! They were alive! \"Oh, man, did you two have me worried,\" He smiled, as Robin hit water out of his ears, holding onto Shenzi's leg with his free hand, \"I thought you were long gone.\" Skippy jumped into the fox's arms with joy. \"Oh, not Robin Hood! He could've swum twice that far!\" Robin's eyes widened in surprise at \"twice\", \"Huh, Mr. Robin Hood, sir?\" \"Look, sire! Look! They've made it,\" Hiss pointed out to the prince, \"He got away again.\" \"A pox on the phony king of England! Oo-de-lally!\" Robin and Skippy mocked the prince together, as Robin punched the water. \"Oo-de-lally!\" Shenzi exclaimed, surprising them both. \"Oh, no. It's so miserably unfair,\" Prince John whined in despair. \"Well, I tried to tell you, but, no, no, no, you wouldn't listen,\" Hiss berated him, \"Your traps just never work. And now look what you've done to your mother's castle.\" He turned to the burning tower. Prince John screamed upon seeing it for himself. \"Mommy!\" He whined, before he started to suck his thumb again. But then he realized: He didn't burn it down! In a fit of rage, he started trying to land a hard blow on Hiss with a long plank of wood. \"Sire, no!\" Hiss screamed in terror as he dodged the blow. \"You cowardly cobra!\" \"Please! Oh, no!\" \"Procrastinating python!\" \"Aggravating asp!\" \"Save me!\" \"You eel in snake's clothing!\" \"Help! He's gone stark raving mad!\" Little John chuckled at the amusing scene, before he turned to the stowaways. \"Let's get back to the others; They're all very worried about you.\" He then turned to Shenzi, \"Especially Friar Tuck.\" She smiled at the mention of her beloved father. She regretted leaving him to go on a rescue mission. Especially since she did no rescuing! A while later, they arrived at the heart of Nottingham, where the citizens were waiting, with Friar Tuck up front. When Robin came out from behind Little John, the citizens cheered for him. \"That's right, I'm still in one piece!\" He exclaimed over the cheers. He then turned to Friar Tuck after the cheers ceased. \"And look who else made it in one piece.\" And with that, a soaked Shenzi ran out from behind Little John, and back in her father's arms when he knelt to her level. The citizens cheered again as the badger hugged his daughter again, with happy tears back in his eyes. \"Oh, Shenzi! I was so worried about you!\" He exclaimed as the tears slid down his cheeks. When she pulled back, he noticed that her ribbon was missing, but he didn't bring it up. All that mattered was that she was safe and sound again. \"Uncle Wobin was awesome!\" She exclaimed, \"He weally showed those meanies!\" \"I'm sure he did,\" He chuckled, before hugging her again, not caring that she was dripping wet. \"And after she was out of the lake, she seemed to have learned a new word,\" Little John chimed in. \"Oh really?\" Friar Tuck smiled down at his daughter, \"What word is that?\" \"Oo-de-lally!\" She exclaimed, and the citizens cheered again. \"Oh, you're definitely taking after your uncles,\" He smiled, before he kissed her wet temple. \"I love you, sweetheart.\" \"I love you too, Daddy,\" She smiled back. She then let out a yawn as she rubbed her eyes under her dripping bangs. \"Let's get you home, sleepyhead,\" He chuckled at her, \"And get you out of these wet clothes. You've had a long night. \" At the church, Sexton Mouse and Little Sister were very happy to see them come back unharmed. And they were very impressed that Shenzi was beginning to speak in full sentences as she described her whole escape with Robin in as many details as she could come up with. After the mice retired, Friar Tuck surprised Shenzi with a present from Maid Marian that they were saving for her 3rd birthday: A new dress! She was changed into it after she was dried off, and then was put into bed. \"Good night,\" He smiled down at his precious daughter, as he brushed her long bangs from her face. \"I love you.\" He kissed her cheek as she smiled up at him. \"I love you too, Daddy,\" She replied; She then sat up with her hands for support, leaned her head up, and kissed his cheek in return. His smile grew as he stood up, and left her room to let her sleep. (A/N: You know the disclaimer. If you didn't already know, we're getting really close to the end. The next chapter will be the second-to-last!) Random Fact about BxB It ticks me off when ABC Family (or FreeForm) doesn't show animated Disney movies.[Chapter 7] (A/N: I'm extending the wedding scene, where Robin and Marian stay longer, for something... special. ;) Enjoy!) A Friar's Baby Ch. 6 The next morning, Shenzi woke up bright and cheery; She jumped out of bed, pulled on her shoes, and ran out in the chapel, where Friar Tuck and the mice were waiting for her. \"Looks like somebody's awake,\" He smiled as he lifted her up, and kissed her cheek. \"We don't want to be late for Uncle Robin's wedding.\" With that, he took his place at the podium as Shenzi stood next to him. He smiled when he saw her looking down at her dress. \"You like your new dress?\" \"Uh huh!\" She nodded with a joyous grin. It was peachy pink with a knee-length skirt, so her bloomers were always peeking out, and short, blouse-y sleeves. But her hair was left plain, since her old ribbon had rips in it from the arrows. \"It's from your aunt Marian,\" He told her, \"We wanted to save it for your birthday, but I couldn't wait any longer. She couldn't either.\" Shenzi giggled in response. \"It's pretty!\" \"That's good, I'm glad you like it,\" He chuckled, \"But it doesn't do you justice.\" She giggled, before looking up at him. \"What's that mean?\" \"Um, well uh,\" He tried to think of a way to explain it, \"It means that you're so pretty, that you make the dress look plain.\" \"Ohh!\" She giggled, before she blushed, \"Th-tha...\" \"You're welcome,\" He patted her head, and kissed her temple, \"You're as beautiful as your mother,\" He accidentally slipped out. But before Shenzi could ask who he meant, the guests started to file in. Little John, Skippy, and his mother sat up front in one row, while Klucky sat up front in the other row. \"Hey, that a new dress, Shenzi?\" Little John asked the child. \"Uh huh!\" She nodded, \"In't it pretty?\" She spun around in it. \"It is!\" Sis nodded, with a basket of flower petals in her hands. She and Tagalong were the flower girls for the wedding. Shenzi would've been one too, but she wanted to stay close to her father the whole time. \"It's almost exactly like mine!\" \"Oh, I remember picking out that dress with Marian,\" Klucky smiled, \"She was so excited to give it to her.\" Shenzi giggled timidly from the guests talking about her. \"She practically lived in that dress when she was a child,\" She reminisced. Soon, the man of the hour entered, wearing a white and green formal outfit for the event. \"Uncle Wobin!\" Shenzi exclaimed upon seeing him. \"Hey, kiddo!\" Robin ran up to her, scooped her up, and kissed her cheek, \"You look beautiful in your new dress.\" \"Th-tha,\" She giggled as the fox set her down. \"I remember Marian was wearing that same dress before she left for London,\" He reminisced, \"You're just as beautiful in it as she was.\" He patted her head as her blush deepened. Little John took his place at the alter as Robin's best man, while Klucky took her place as Marian's maid of honor. After a while, Sexton Mouse playing the wedding march on his organ, as Marian walked up the aisle, clad all in white as Sis and Tagalong tossed petals before her, sharing the basket. \"Long live Robin Hood!\" The guests cheered as the newlyweds came out, arm-in-arm after they gathered outside. From the roof, the mice threw rice down at them in celebration. The two Tucks stayed at the doorway, watching them happily. \"Long live King Richard!\" To their surprise, King Richard walked right up to them! \"Oh, Friar Tuck,\" The king smiled as Friar Tuck bowed to him, and Shenzi curtsied, \"It appears that I now have an outlaw for an in-law!\" He joked and cracked up laughing, and the Tucks laughed with him. \"Yes, not bad.\" Just then, he saw the young child at his slight left. \"Well! If it isn't Tiny Tuck!\" He patted her head, making her giggle, \"The last time I saw this little one, she wasn't even walking!\" He laughed, \"How old is she now?\" \"I'm two!\" She exclaimed, surprising her father. \"Yes she is,\" He nodded, as he lifted her up, \"But she's never actually said it before,\" He admitted, \"That was her first time.\" Shenzi giggled at his surprise. \"Well, she is adorable!\" King Richard smiled, \"She'll be as beautiful as her mother!\" \"Who's that?\" Shenzi asked Friar Tuck, making dread fill him up. \"Uh... I um,\" He stammered, \"I'll tell you when you're older.\" \"Hey, Friar Tuck!\" The newlyweds ran up to the tiny family, \"Marian has a friend from London here with us; She wants to introduce you to her.\" \"I do,\" She nodded, \"I caught her staring,\" She playfully whispered to him, \"Okay um; Friar Tuck, this is Felicia, my friend from London!\" His eyebrows raised up for a second upon seeing her friend; She was a female badger slightly shorter than him with long, blonde hair, slightly curled-up bangs on her forehead, long eyelashes, and was clad in a brown robe and black sandals exactly like his. Her fore nose was slightly shorter than his. Basically, she was almost like a female, slightly thinner version of him! \"Hey,\" She smiled flirtatiously. \"... Uh... uh...\" He stuttered, not knowing what to say; It had been years since a girl talked to and looked at him like she was. She giggled at his stuttering, \"I like you already.\" Shenzi looked up at her father in confusion; What was wrong with him? Why was he acting so weird? Why did she feel so weird around this newcomer? Only time will tell... \"I'm sorry, but we have to go to our honeymoon,\" Marian piped up, and Robin nodded, \"Let me know how you two get along when we come back!\" She and Robin ran in the carriage, which was run by Little John, who was still formally dressed. \"Gee, Skippy, how come you're goin'?\" Toby asked Skippy when he started climbing up the carriage to the seat. \"Well, Robin Hood's gonna have kids,\" He explained, \"So somebody's gotta keep their eye on things.\" Little John lifted him up, and placed him in the seat next to him. \"Ho-ohh!\" He snapped the reins, and the carriage started moving. \"Oh!\" Klucky cried tears of joy for the newlyweds, \"I've never been so happy!\" Robin and Marian waved to the cheering guests, before Marian threw the flower bouquet; It landed in Sis' hands, to her delight and Tagalong's annoyance. \"So,\" Felicia started, \"Who's that adorable little girl you're holding? You babysitting for a friend?\" \"Oh, no I'm not,\" He shook his head, \"She's my daughter, Shenzi.\" \"Your daughter?\" She smiled to hide her surprise; She didn't want to be racist or anything. \"How old is she?\" \"Two!\" Shenzi exclaimed; She kept a sweet face on around this strange lady, despite having a weird feeling about her. \"Aww,\" Felicia smiled, \"How cute!\" She ruffled her black hair, before turning to Friar Tuck, \"Her mother must be a lovely lady.\" \"She was,\" He smiled sadly. \"Was?\" Felicia asked in confusion, before she caught on, \"Oh! Oh, I'm so sorry for your loss.\" \"Huh?\" Shenzi's eyebrows furrowed in confusion. \"She doesn't know yet,\" Friar Tuck whispered to Felicia, \"I'm waiting until she's older.\" \"Oh,\" She nodded, \"I, I'm sorry for bringing it up.\" \"It's okay, you didn't know,\" He assured her. Before any more words could be exchanged, Shenzi let out a yawn. \"Oh, I'd better get her home, so she can take a nap.\" \"Alright,\" Felicia nodded, \"It was nice meeting you.\" She walked back to where the guests were, flashing a flirtatious smile at him as she did so. Through her sleepiness, as Friar Tuck headed home after saying goodbye to King Richard, Shenzi was so confused; Why was that Felicia lady acting so weird around her daddy? Did she like him? Like how Marian likes Robin? Could her daddy get a sweetheart after all? Once again, only time will tell... (A/N: This is the second-to-last chapter, just so you know. Sorry that it's short! You know the disclaimer, but Felicia belongs to me. I have a very, very special epilogue planned. ;]) Random Fact about BxB I'm homeschooled, so I'm not very socially active in real life.[Chapter 8] (A/N: Here it is; The special epilogue that you've been waiting for!) A Friar's Baby Epilogue On a soon-to-be-special day, Friar Tuck was sitting on the low bench in the chapel, feeding a bottle of milk to six-month-old Shenzi. At this time, her black hair just barely reached her shoulders. She was his whole world, his flesh and blood, his little princess, you name it, and she is just that. She was everything to him; He carried her everywhere he went if he didn't use the carriage that Marian gave him for the baby. Although she wasn't talking yet, her coos, babbles, and giggles always made his heart melt. She truly was a precious child. His had snapped up when someone outside knocked on the door. \"I'll get it,\" Little Sister offered as she walked up to the door; She slipped under it, and saw the family of rabbits that she, her husband, and Friar Tuck knew very well. \"You may come in,\" She smiled, before slipping back inside. \"Thank you,\" Mother Rabbit smiled, before she opened the door with her hand that wasn't holding one-year-old Tagalong. She smiled when she saw Friar Tuck holding a certain little bundle in his arms, and he smiled upon seeing her and her young children: Five-year-old Skippy, and six-year-old Sis. \"Hello, Friar Tuck,\" She smiled as she slowly approached him. \"We're not interrupting anything, are we?\" \"Hello,\" He smiled back. \"Oh, of course not,\" He shook his head, \"You're welcome to stay.\" \"Thank you,\" She smiled, \"How's little Shen doing?\" \"She's perfect,\" He gazed down at the child in his arms, with pure love in his eyes as she blinked up at him with those large, innocent, not to mention two-colored, eyes of hers, with those long lashes. \"Aww,\" Mother Rabbit smiled. \"Can I see her?\" Skippy abruptly requested. \"Skippy, mind your manners, honey,\" His mother gently told him. \"Oh, sorry um,\" He straightened up, \"Um, p-please?\" He smiled up at the badger, who set the bottle down. \"Sure you can,\" He smiled back at him, and with that, the young rabbit ran up to him. \"See her? She's not even a year old yet.\" \"Ah,\" Skippy's eyebrows raised up at her, \"She's so small.\" \"Yes, she is small,\" He chuckled, \"She still needs to grow.\" Skippy cautiously felt her black hair. \"Her fur feels nice.\" \"Yes it does,\" Friar Tuck nodded in agreement, \"She'll be as beautiful as her mother.\" \"Yes she will be,\" Mother Rabbit nodded; She had met Maya before she passed on, so she knew what she looked like. \"And I'm sure that you and your siblings will be great friends to her, along with your new friend Toby,\" Friar Tuck remarked. Little did the five-year-old know, he was right. 21 years later, in late August \"And do you, Skippy Whitaker, take Shenzi Tuck to be your wife?\" The priest asked the now 24-year-old Skippy, snapping him out of his trance. \"I do,\" He smiled down at his soon-to-be wife. \"And do you, Shenzi Tuck, take Skippy Whitaker to be your husband?\" The priest turned to the now 20-year-old Shenzi. \"I do,\" She smiled up at her soon-to-be husband. Both had grown vastly since their meeting in practically babyhood. Skippy had grown into a tall, handsome rabbit, and he still wore his beloved Robin Hood hat even on this day, while Shenzi grew into a beautiful woman, greatly resembling her biological mother. At age three, she got a new loving mother in Felicia, the friend of Marian's introduced them to at Marian's wedding with Robin. Truthfully, quite a while before the marriage, Shenzi showed some resentment towards the woman whom she thought was trying to steal her father away from her. But after Felicia promised her that she would never tear them apart, she began warming up to her, and came to accept her as her new mother. Starting from age six, she started wearing her long bangs over her left, blue eye due to insecurities and bullying from new kids in the village. Like when she was two, her hair reached her lower shoulders, and was still a raven black. At ten, she began taking archery lessons, with her uncles Robin and Little John as her mentors. But when she was twelve, both of her parents passed on from natural causes. She never really got over it; Naturally, she took it the hardest out of everyone in the village. She almost couldn't go to the funeral, not wanting to face all the guests, but she mustered up courage, and attended anyway. From that time on, Sexton Mouse and Little Sister raised her as their own. When she was eighteen, she became the first female friar in history, as she took ownership of her late father's church. When doing her duties, she wore any one of his robes in his honor, despite the fact that they practically hung off of her. At age fourteen, she started dating nineteen-year-old Skippy, and they had been together ever since then. And a few months after he popped the question, they were where they are now. Soon, the moment they were waiting for finally came; \"You may kiss the bride.\" And with that, Shenzi pulled Skippy down by his shoulder, and planted his lips on hers as the guests cheered for them. Mother Rabbit had tears of joy in her eyes as she watched her son's life change for the better. After they separated, everyone gathered outside for the reception. The newlyweds just stood together in private, admiring the clouds side-by-side. Skippy looked down at Shenzi, and noticed that she was starting to look solemn. \"Your mother and father are very proud of you,\" He assured her, \"Especially your father; I know it.\" Shenzi nodded with a hum of agreement, as she leaned back on his shoulder. Her eyes, which were still large and innocent, widened and she let out a small gasp, as she looked at the sky again; Up in the clouds, she saw one that looked almost exactly like Friar Tuck! The smile on his face seemed to say \"I love you, sweetheart; Maya, Felicia and I are very proud of you.\" She sniffled and wiped tears of joy from her eyes and cheeks; And Skippy seemed to see the late badger in the sky too. \"You see?\" He smiled down at her, \"He's very happy for you. And so is your mother; Both of them.\" He tenderly caressed her cheek with one hand. \"You'll make it through; I know you will. I'm not letting you do this by yourself.\" \"Th-thanks,\" She smiled up at him, \"I love you, Whitaker.\" When she began to correctly pronounce certain names, she referred to Skippy as \"Whitaker\", because she loved his surname. \"I love you too,\" His smile grew, \"Whitaker.\" They then shared a sweet kiss as the guests mingled all around them. Skippy had one hand on the back of her waist, but they separated when a gust of wind surprised them. \"Alright, I'll watch the hands, Mr. Tuck,\" He joked, as Shenzi giggled. She knew that her new husband was right; About her making it through life without her beloved parents. With Skippy by her side, Shenzi Tuck, no Whitaker, could make it through anything. (A/N: Well, that's it; This story is finished! You know the disclaimer. Sorry that the epilogue was short. Shenzi's birthday is on August 27, so that's why she isn't exactly 21 yet. She and Skippy have a five-year difference. I'm going to pretend that Skippy's birthday is November 8, since that's the movie's premiere date, and it actually had his birthday.) Random Fact About BxB I've shipped Shenzi and Skippy for who knows how long. X3 ","Summary":" (A/N: This story will take place during the events of the Disney movie. Originally, Shenzi is actua"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"I Don't Think So But Could I?","Author":"adj1995","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9515974","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! I know this is a new story, but I just watched Blue Lagoon: The Awakening, and I was struck with an idea. I'm not sure if this will be continued or not, but I guess we'll find out together. Anyhow, hope you like it! The morning after the prom Emma woke up feeling nauseous again. The last time she felt this way was a few days before they were rescued, and that was about three weeks ago. She started to think about the times she had her period while stranded on the island. She just had it before her class went on the trip to Trinidad, but she didn't remember having it in the three months that she and Dean were stranded. Is it possible that I could be… No, that's crazy. If I don't have my period then I can't get pregnant… right? Emma was beside herself with worry. If I continue to get sick the rest of the week then I'll buy a test… I should also talk to Dean about this. Emma knew that she wasn't ready for a child, and as far as she knew neither was Dean. She was now open to the possibility to have a child because she was home, but that didn't mean that she wanted a child now. I'll talk to Dean as soon as I get to school. Once Emma got to school she tracked down Dean. Since they had only been back a few weeks they really weren't expected to come to class all the time, so they skipped Mr. Christiansen's class to talk. \"Dean, you know on the island how I said that I don't think I could be pregnant?\" Dean nodded \"Well, I think I might be. I woke up feeling nauseous again, and if it continues for a week I'm planning on getting a pregnancy test.\" Emma looked at Dean, his facial expression looked like he was excited, scared, mad, and confused. \"Dean, please say some thing, anything, don't leave me hanging here.\" \"Emma, you said that you didn't think you could get pregnant, and yet how could you be telling me this?\" \"Well, I went to the doctor a year or two ago because my period was irregular, and they put me of birth control pills to regulate it. I've been taking them for a while, and I thought that I couldn't get pregnant on the island because of the pills. I guess I was wrong. What are we gonna do? I'm not ready to be a parent!\" \"Neither am I. We'll have to work through it. I'm just glad that we aren't on the island.\" \"Me too. If I really am pregnant do you think that we could live with your dad? You house seems big enough for the three of us, plus the baby. My house would be too small for my family plus you and a baby.\" \"That could probably work. I just hope your wrong about this. The last thing we need is to be in the spotlight again when we just got out of it.\" \"I hope I'm wrong about this too.\"[Chapter 2] NOT AN UPDATE Hey guys… sorry, this isn't an update, and I know you all want a new chapter, but I would like some ideas. I have some really bad writer's block and would like to update, but I can't think of how to start the next chapter. If you want to contribute an idea either review this or PM me and if I think your idea is awesome (which I probably will) I'll use it and we can write this story together! Thanks for all the reviews and follows on this story! Adj1995[Chapter 3] Sorry about the long wait guys. There has been a collection of things for school and writer's block. As a lack of things to do right now I think I'm going to attempt to write another chapter. It might not be good, but I'll try to see how it goes. A week later Emma and Dean went to a pharmacy in disguise to buy a pregnancy test. Emma still got sick, but it wasn't every day. The other day Emma's mom confronted her about the way she looked. It had something to do with needing to put on a bit of weight, but she looked like she put on a little more weight than she needed. Sure her clothing was a little on the tight side, but she didn't pay any attention to it, until now. After buying the test Emma and Dean went back to his house because Emma's house lacked the privacy they wanted. \"Dean, I'm scared. What will we do if it turns out to be positive?\" \"I don't know. We'll figure something out. \" Emma went into the bathroom with the test, \"I'll let you know when you can come in.\" About two minutes later the door opened and Emma's head popped out. \"Wanna come in now?\" Dean nodded and walked in. Emma paced back and forth until Dean sat her on top of the toilet. He crouched down, looked her in the eye, and said, \"Everything will be alright.\" \"How? Dean we are only 17! If this thing turns positive our lives will be ruined!\" After that Emma and Dean waited the rest of the five minutes in quite suspense. Every now and then Dean would look at Emma hoping to see any look of relief on her face. That was just false hope, because all he saw was worry and stress. After what seemed like a very long five minutes the timer on Emma's phone went off. They looked at each other before looking at the test. \"Before we look at this remember that I will stay with you no matter what happens. \" Emma took a deep breath, picked up the test , and slowly turned if over. Sorry for the cliff hanger. I really haven't decided what the result is going to be yet. I'm thinking of something, but I'm not sure yet. I will try my best to get a new chapter up sooner than this one.[Chapter 4] Hey, my lovely followers! I'm sorry I haven't been updating any stories. I have a crazy sense of writer's block. I have been taking a creative writing class, so maybe something will happen. Until I get a proper story update you can read my poems and a story on my fictionpress page. My user name is adj19951. Please read them and let me know what you think! If you have any ideas about my stories feel free to shoot me a message or a review with your ideas.[Chapter 5] Sorry this update took so long everyone! I just rewatched Blue Lagoon: The Awakening and I think I know where I might be going with this story. Bare with me as the updates may not be as regular as I would like. \"Wait\" Emma said just before she flipped over the pregnancy test. \"I need to tell you something. The few weeks that we were back here after the island were some of the loneliest weeks of my life, despite the fact that I was surrounded by friends and family all the time. I missed being able to see you all the time, and falling asleep next to you every night. I missed us. These past few weeks were almost like the three and a half months on the island didn't happen. We both went back to our old lifestyles. We both know that the island changed us, but we didn't keep going with that change. We reverted back. The other night at the prom was one of the happiest moments I've had since being back home. You made that happen. Promise me that no matter what the test says you will never leave me again. Promise me that you will never alienate yourself from me like that again. It hurt too much.\" By the time Emma got all this off of her chest she was crying. Only after she had finished talking did she look at Dean. He had tears in his eyes. \"I never wanted to alienate you. That was never my goal. I just wanted to give you space. I wanted to give you a chance to change your mind about me. I wanted you to be with someone who you chose not someone you were forced to be with because we were stranded. The truth is when I told you that I watched you at school, it's because I liked you. I wanted to get to know you, but I didn't know how, and watching you was the only way I could think of getting to know you without looking like a complete ass. I never dreamed that we would get a chance to get to know each other the way we did on that island. Staying away from you these past few weeks hurt me just as much as they hurt you. I wasn't sure if I wanted you because you were the only other person on the island with me, or if I wanted you because I really care about you. These past few weeks showed me that I...\" Dean trailed off to take a deep breath before continuing. \"These past few weeks showed me that I love you. I truly love you. There was a huge gap in my chest where my heart used to be. I gave it to you on that island. I told you things that no one else knows, not even my dad. You are the first person since my mom who has been this close to me, and I only want you to get closer.\" \"Dean, I... I love you too. I never knew you felt this way. Promise me that you will never do this again. Promise me that you will always be truthful and open.\" \"I promise. I promise to do everything you asked of me and more.\" Tears were streaming down both of their faces, neither of them caring that the other saw. They were both totally and completely in love with the other. They survived living on a deserted island for three and a half months. They could survive anything. \"Well,\" said Emma wiping tears off her face with the palm of her hand, \"are you ready to see what the result is?\" Dean slowly nodded and they turned over the test. They both looked down and saw the little pink plus sign. Emma visibly paled as she saw all of her Princeton dreams go down the drain. Why didn't I make Dean pull out? Why didn't he pull out? Did I want him to pull out? This should be impossible. I thought I had to be off the pill for a year before having kids, but apparently three and a half months is enough time. \"What am I going to tell my parents? They just got me back after three months, and now they are going to be grandparents!\" Emma started to hyperventilate as she thought of all the things that could go wrong. Her parents could kick her out, her friends could ditch her. She wasn't this type of girl. Dean on the other hand had a huge smile on his face. \"I'm going to be a father. I can't believe I'm going to be a father.\" Dean knew that this child that Emma was carrying will change his life forever, and for the better. He now had an idea of what his father had been going through in the past few years since his mom died. Dean knew he was going to be the best father that he could possibly be. Nothing was going to get in his way. There you have it my wonderful readers! I'm sorry that it took so long to get you the results of the test, but I think this might be the thing to make Dean become the smart man we all know he his. ","Summary":" Hey guys! I know this is a new story, but I just watched Blue Lagoon: The Awakening, and I was stru"},{"Movie":"American Psycho","Title":"101 Ways To Get Away With Murder","Author":"The Embedded Shame","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4420027","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note No, I do not own any of the characters of the amazing Bret Easton Ellis. This chapter will be told from Patrick's point of view. It has been edited, with more detail and a more intake of his character before the dilemma. 101 Ways to Get Away with Murder Original Plotting and Original characters by the Embedded Shame I looked around impatiently, watching out for my damned driver. He was never on time, and ever so often he did show up, I'd try so hard not to strangle him. I decided to walk the rest of the way back to my building. I needed some exercise anyways. As I turned onto 56th and Hemingway, I tried so hard not to puke, since everything around this part of town had such a vile smell to it. The gutters were over flowing, and at every corner lay a man who'd passed out from the intakes of alcohol. My hands dug themselves in my coat, as the drop in temperature suddenly awoke me. I shuddered, and continued walking, making sure not to slip on the innocent little layer of ice which covered the streets. It would be such a shame to dirty this coat. You see, though every part of my body functioned normally, and though I had the same components a normal human would...not one of my emotions were identifiable. Except greed. And jealousy. And my ever growing wants for blood lust. It was getting to a point where this need, this hunger, now controlled what I did, who I did it to, and why I did it. I was dead within, and all that belonged to me were these two eyes. But this impostor was slowly molding into them, as well. I sighed, in frustration, shaking off every speck of doubt of my mentality away. My right hand studied the elements of the coat pockets. Lint. Lint. Knife... Huh! Must have left it in their from last night's...barbecue. I pulled it out and studied it, stopping in my tracks. My eyes rested on the silver handle, as my tongue caught the taste of blood which had dried out on the tip of the weapon. Just then, a deep voice pulled me away from myself, and a hand turned me the other way. For a second, I was confused. Then, the face became more clearer. A chubby, but not fat, man stood before me. How dare he show his face to me? \"Sorry, Mr. Bateman, I know I was supposed to ...\" \"Where were you?\" I managed to say this in a calm tone. \"Sir, my wife, she - she just delivered!\" \"Oh, really?\" A wide grin spread over my face. Not enlightenment, though. Oh, no. Not that at all. \"Yes, sir, and she needed me there... \" As he continued to talk, I smiled like I was actually listening, and wrapped my right arm around him, walking in the direction of a '94 black Mustang which rested on a curb down the street. Ah, crap. Have to walk there now and act as if I actually give a damn. He mumbled a few apologies here and there, and asked if I was going to fire him. I stopped him before he ran into the trunk of the car, and made him face me. \"Listen, Bill --\" \"Kirk, Mr. Bateman.\" Damn. He interrupted me. Why'd he interrupt me? \"Shut up. I don't care what your name is, who you impregnated, or what you're gonna name your kid. All I asked was for you to come pick me up, and make easy two thousand dollars.\" \"But, sir --\" \"Shut up. Unless you want a fucking knife, which I used to just slit the cunt of a hooker yesterday night, up your ass, you will never be late again.\" It was only then his eyes drifted down to see what my hands were playing with this entire, and lovely, conversation. They went wide, at first, and then a smile spread across his face. The most disgusting, happiest, and full of life smile ever. Then, the most loudest laugh escaped his throat. \"You're funny, Mr. Bateman!\" He walked to the front of the car, opening the door, and slid in the driver's seat. I sighed, and opened the back seat. Just as he'd started the car, a blonde bombshell, and I say this because no other words could come up, walked by. She looked to be around twenty … maybe eight? Close to thirty, but definitely not over that. The stern and depressed look on her face made me wonder what could possibly be wrong, and if she needed someone. As she passed me by, her hair made contact to my nostrils, as I whiffed a hint of what her shampoo could be. Ah, strawberries! \"Bill, I think I'll walk.\" \"Kirk, sir.\" I heard a scoff of disbelief from the character. As I shut the door, the man drove off. The girl looked in my direction, and quickly as that, looked way. \"Hey!\" I yelled from the other side of the road, running towards her. And though I didn't know her...I didn't mind. \"Hi.\" She spoke, ever so softly, looking confused and dazzled at the same time. The woman stopped in her foot steps, turning to face me. She didn't know me from anywhere, but tried to act as she did. I took a long shot here, and guessed that she either was a waitress, or a hooker. She stood at around 5'6, opposed to my proud six foot height. The girl opened her mouth, to speak, but the first thing that escaped her mouth was a moan. \"Do I know you?\" \"No, I don't think so.\" She turned around, in disgust, and I took a deep breath. \"Do you … maybe want to grab some coffee?\" And I said that with a devilish smile, too, wondering how sexy I looked right about now. If only there was a mirror here... She hesitated, but I knew she couldn't resist. Hurry up, you bitch , I was growing more impatient inside, but needed to act calm and collected if I ever had any hope of getting laid tonight. \"You're paying,\" she finally answered, with a smile, and started to walk beside me. I smiled at her, and sheepishly laughed at that. Was that meant to be a joker? Well, that sucked. \"What kind of client would I be if I didn't?\" There was supposedly a cafe a few blocks down. I guess we could walk... It was a surprise she kept up with my fast pace, but she managed to be right next to me the entire time. Damn, I was getting bored. As the cafe came into sight, a sudden pour started, and we ran towards the entrance, careful not to slip on the sheet of ice laying underneath us. As soon as we entered, a few heads turned our way. Old, horny and disgusting heads. I figured they weren't looking at me, since I didn't wear a skirt barely up to my knees. I ignored them, and walked to a booth next to the only window there was in the whole confined space. What a fucking whore. I should slice her up right here, right now … I forced a smile, as she sat in front of me, smiling. \"Thanks again for the coffee, darling. But don't expect something back,\" she continued, \"I'm not that type of girl.\" Oh, Really? Fuck, you had me all confused. I just smiled back. By now, there was a waitress by my left shoulder. I looked up at the frail and petite woman, who presented them the menu. She was gorgeous. \"You know … with your cheek bones … you really shouldn't have your hair pulled back.\" The waitress took a moment to take it all in. I could tell she hadn't received a proper compliment in a long while. Then a repulsed expression carried heavily on her face, which would have been apparent to anyone within a kilometer. \"What would you like to have?\" she ignored me, and quickly looked at the woman. I looked to my right in embarrassment. \"Black coffee, please.\" As soon as the waitress took her order, she proceeded to take my order. I didn't smile, embarrassed and outraged, but said I'd have the soup. There was a moment of silence between us, until the food arrived. I watched my companion as she eyed my soup with hunger and want, even though she quietly drank the coffee. What? You want this? Take it! It tastes like shit anyways! I had another spoon ordered, and presented that to the woman, forwarding the bowl of soup to her, also. She looked at me thankfully, and took the food. \"What's your name?\" I asked. \"Mary Sue, and yours?\" she replied back. Mary Sue? What a fucking hillbilly name! I laughed inside. \"Patrick. Patrick Bateman,\" I pulled out my card, giving her only a second to read it, as I put it back in my pocket, ever so smoothly. This gesture of mine didn't impress the girl. She was just grateful for a meal, paid by someone else. She'd pay. I had plans. \"You wanna come to my place after?\" She thought for a second, putting the spoon down. \"Sure,\" she continued, \"Unless that's a bother.\" \"No, no bother at all. I'm sure we'll have lots of fun.\" Thank you for reading, and make sure you review. Thanks again.[Chapter 2] Please Take Time To Read The Author's Note I take no claim over the character that is Patrick Bateman, or any other you may recognize from the movie and/or novel. Today's chapter will be told from the point of view of Patrick Bateman. Warning Stop reading if you are allergic to extreme abuse of language, and sexual content of that sorts. Thank you ! Don't review unless all you are going to do is flame on this, or tell me how twisted of a mind I have. Trust me, it's going to only get better. 101 Ways to Get Away With Murder \" Motivation \" Original Plotting and Original characters by the Embedded Shame I rummaged through my sheets, leaving behind the corpse of the bitch I'd picked up last night, making my way to the bathroom, the tiny shit hole. Even small issues like these made me question my body image, though some ahem women would say I was the epitome of men they'd fuck behind their husband's backs. Oh, well. A thousand more crunches a day wouldn't hurt. Thinking back again, I had to admit, Mary Sue put up a good fight, but fuck was she a bore in the bed. I mean, come on! You could have at least showed more enthusiasm in giving a man a fucking blow job. Especially a man with a fucking gun to your head! Oh, well. She made the choice, and I guess I'll see her in hell ... not that i'd planned on going to hell. I heard that if you say the God's name on the verge of dying, he spares your soul. But I wonder if he can tell if someone says it in vain? Not that I would... HEY! I love the big man upstairs. Oh God, Please! I don't want to die, please! Images of the dead woman from the night before ran in my mind. Over and over ... and over and over again. I remembered her shampoo, I think. Strawberries? Yes, strawberries. God, that was a great smell, something I hadn't smelt in a long time. In fact, the last time I did smell it was ... '85 ? Yes, Barbara McCullen's house warming party. Oh, God! Weren't the 80's oh so fun? Come the 90's, and it was suddenly all about Dior, Chanel, Gucci, Armani, and cops on your fucking ass if you're having some late night fun with a woman, who fucking PAYS YOU for sex, NOT the other way around, Jackson Dristan! That's right, ya fucking know it all cop, I'll come after you soon as I get your address. Anger started flaring inside me, as I brushed my teeth harder and harder, to the point where my gums started bleeding. I'll do anything, please. I've got a kid, I ... I wanna see him grow up! I even have a little college fund, please. I'll give you the money from that! There's got to be at least a few thousand in it! I looked up in the mirror, only after spitting the paste out. By now, the sink was a engulfed with a foam that was pinkish - white. My gums hurt, but I didn't care. Or did I? I turned the hot water tap on, and waited for the water flow to heat up. Then, I put my brush to the left of me, on a tissue paper, so that the blood and foam wouldn't stain on my new granite counter I had just installed, myself. The sheen was still needed to be applied, but I think I'll get a professional to do that. Anyways, I cupped my hands into the shape of a bowl, and gathered some water, however it may have burnt my hand. I took the water, and brought it to my lips. In a second, it was in my mouth, as I tossed it with my tongue to different areas of my mouth. I did this for about one minute. You see, I believe in good hygiene. I spat the water out, into the drainer, not missing my target. I splashed the water on my face, applied soap, and washed it again. I did this 3 times, and blow dried my hair. You're a freak! God won't spare you, you twisted fuck! Those words really did struck a chord, and even though I'd been told this by the last 20 women I fucked, tortured and maybe tried to cook, coming from her really had me awestruck. I don't know why, but it felt like ... I was lacking something. Something that was essential. Sex? No, not really. Friends? Too much of them. Er... unprotected sex? Actually, I have that all the time. Whatever it was, it was holding me back. Holding me back from my usual activities. No, it was probably nothing. After doing my crunches, and my daily routine, I made my way to my bedroom once again. I looked at the body, laying there. To tell you the truth, the bitch looked more sexier with nails through her palms, and ankles. I suddenly wanted to pounce on her, but her body was starting to smell. God damn, I should have put her in the freezer before fucking her for the twentieth time last night. But I forgot. Hey, can you blame me? I've been up for the last 26 hours, and I needed to get laid...fast. I really should control my urges, I told myself. But there was something unusually warm about doing it with a corpse. And I am not referring to her vagina. I left the room again, with realization that I needed to get rid of the body, and do it fast. Upon entering the living room, the first thing I looked at was the clock. It was only six in the morning, and the sun hadn't even come up yet. Or maybe it had, but the November fog just was so thick this morning. \"Ha! God's spared me today,\" I yelled back into the bedroom, making my way now to the kitchen. \"You know, I was starting to like you.\" I had to get on my tip toes to reach what I wanted, inside a cabinet on top of the stove. I pulled out a knife. Making my way to the other end of the kitchen, I realized that the stove had also been left on. Oh, how silly of me! I forgot to turn that off, as well, when I was heating up the nails so they would easily pierce her skin. I turned back, turned the stove off, and ended up back to where I was. Next to the trash can, there was a stack of black plastic garbage bags. While heading past my sofa, I grabbed my new pink raincoat, and made way into the bedroom once again. No, wait. Don't confuse me! I'm not gay. I suppose I should explain. Last month, I caught Jean going through my planner, and she just happened to come across my artsy pictures of ... ahem, boobies and such. It was quite embarrassing, really. But I couldn't have her telling everyone. So I did what one could do, without any weapon of some sort. I bashed her skull on my desk. You gotta love soundproof walls! You never know which faggot would be by the other end. Yes, Luis. You. Now, it was just happened to be Friday, and everyone had left work early. So the building was empty. I quickly made my way to the janitor's and got one of those HUGE recycling bins, ones you'd find in front of those yuppie houses. I retreated back to my office, with the bin, and put her body in it, and, since I couldn't have gone unnoticed dragging a fucking recycling bin in my Armani man suit, I decided i'd \"borrow\" something from the impound lot next door. Hey, dad? Thanks for teaching me how to hot wire a garbage truck. It was a pity, Jean's death. But I just couldn't risk having Kimball on my ass again. Nobody would miss her. She didn't really have a lot of friends, and she never mentioned her family. Well, that wasn't true. I'd miss her. She was the one women that I didn't want to kill. Damn these circumstances, baby. They get the best of you. Oh, the raincoat? Yeah, Jean ripped it. The pink one? That was a gift from that faggot Luis. Of course, before I killed him. We were having lunch ... don't ask ... and the conversation got so awkward that I just had to mention Huey Lewis, and that led to something about a ripped raincoat. The next day, there was this basket with pink roses and a rain coat, still in its plastic wrapping. Ah, I seem to drift off everywhere. Where were we? Oh right. As I walked to the woman in my bed, correction, dead woman, I licked the knife. Mm ... silvery. It would taste so much better with blood. Goodbye. Thank you for reading, and please review. I swear it's going to get better![Chapter 3] Author's Note This Chapter will also be told from the point of view of Patrick Bateman. I apologize for making you all wait for part four, but hey! I have a life, too. With that said, the character that is Patrick Bateman himself does not belong to me, but to Bret Easton Ellis. 101 Ways to Get Away With Murder \" Deterioration of The Mind \" Original Plotting and Original characters by the Embedded Shame I looked around. There were people walking by, staring at me. I sat up on the bench, greeting the afternoon sun, even though it's rays tortured and burned me for my sins. Had I slept here last night? Did I get wasted again? I yawned, and got off the bench, fixing my hair. Fuck, do I reek or what! I started walking towards the water fountain, which was parallel to the bench I had woken up on. Then, my memory started coming back to me. Three months. I had gone three months without blood, and without any contact with the world, and it was driving me crazy. The words Mary Sue had said had sunk in my mind, and would not leave me alone. I told myself that everything was fine, and nobody knew my secret. Lies. There are always witnesses. In movies, and in real life. They might not have eyes, but they knew of my ways, and planned what to do with me after death. These witnesses would testify against me when i'd die, and what awaited me in the next life would be more than what I had been doing to these poor souls. I need salvation, and I needed it now more than ever, though I doubt God would grant me it. Today, i'd stop by at the church. Bending down, I pressed on the hand sign, and water flowed out of the round, dark hole. What do you call that thing? And why couldn't it be triangular? Why was the water not black, why did it have to be transparent... For a second, I was mesmerized. This wasn't the first time i'd drank water, but before, I never took the time to actually think about how clean it was. How fresh it made someone feel, how it washed away the sins of one, or so i'd heard. \"Drink the damn thing already,\" someone yelled from behind me. I did just that, and the coldness of it against my lips made me cringe, yet I drank it like I hadn't had a drink in forever. I collected myself, wiping the droplets of water off my chin with the arm of my coat, and headed towards the church, only after asking someone the time. It was four pm. How the hell did I get here?! The walk to the church was at least an hour long, maybe because I was walking with the pace of a fucking turtle, but I made it there. As I claimed myself on the steps of the church, I looked up at the statue of the Holy Mother, blessed be her womb, holding onto a baby Jesus. It glistened under the sun, as the rays reflected off of it. Behind it was a huge cross, hanging from the triangular stained glass window. I walked through the iron doors of the church, entering a reminding silence. I seated myself infront of the stage, looking onto the candles burning bright. A cold breeze entered the empty room, as my hair danced in the cold. The sun had settled, bringing forth the same January fronts i'd hid from this last month. Someone had taken a seat behind me. I chose to ignore, but the scent of her perfume was ever so alluring. My serial killer instincts were going awol within me, reminding me of the lust I once craved, what I once lived for, but bringing with them the same thoughts i'd retreated here for, to escape my inner demons. For solid 20 minutes, we sat there. She didn't know it, feel it, or even see it, that I had my fists clenched, and my eyes burned with lust and the need for blood. She should have left... My mind was deteriorating as we speak, and deceiving me. If she stayed here that long, I didn't know if I was going to be able to control myself. Ten more minutes passed, the need became stronger ... and stronger ... and stronger... Please...get away from me...you fucking bitch, leave! Then, the holy doors opened once again, not closing. Someone stood there, scanning the room. I felt his eyes on me. A wicked sense of adrenaline washed over me. What was he thinking? Did he know me? Had he been a witness to one of my murders? Why was he here?! I calmed myself, telling my betraying mind that he was probably just here for the same reasons as me, for salvation and forgiveness, but his sharp voice drew me. \"Your time's up,\" I turned around to look at him. He stood at the same height as I did, with his dirty blond hair and blue eyes, still at the door. He wasn't looking at me. \"Not you, sir. Sorry for bothering you.\" \"It's...f-fine,\" I trembled on my words, careful that he didn't notice my nerves giving away. Still looking back, I decided to take a glimpse at the girl. I couldn't help it. Her long black hair danced in the wind which still flew in the room, because the man had not yet shut the door behind. Her eyes were closed, and she didn't notice me. Soft rock music blared from her ear buds, although she seemed to be deep in prayers. Her complexion was as white as snow, and I felt like touching her skin right now. Instead, I looked from a foot away, adoring her fake but innocent beauty. Her right hand held onto a silver cross which she held on for dear life. Her red, swollen lips mumbled something, but I didn't catch it. She dressed in black jeans, with just a jacket and a scarf. It was hard to make out what she wore underneath, but I could tell it was a graphic tee. \"Sir, could you ... \" the man who stood at the door started, \"sir?\" That brought me back to reality. I pulled the girl's ear buds out, bringing her back to the same room as me. Her eyes opened slowly, and I was captivated. Two small silver eyes stared into mine's. She looked frightened, scared. Begging me to help her. She didn't want to leave with the guy, but was this really my place? I can't... I wanted to say out loud, to apologize, but couldn't, for she was running towards the guy faster than a fat kid after an ice cream truck. Then she was gone. I sunk back into the bench, giving my eyes some rest. I stayed in the bench for one mour hour, praying for my soul, as Jesus looked down upon me. In my mind, there was a war going on. A war between my two selfs. One which needed the blood, desired it... and one which felt compassion for the world, and was deteriorating slowly into nothingness. I needed help. God couldn't save me now, for my soul was more damned than the dead. My leg was asleep, as I was lost in my fantasy world. The girl crossed my mind every second, and I chose to ignore her. I told her I couldnt help her, I asked her name, and I told her mine. She didn't say a word, and disapeared altogether from my memory, finally. I opened my eyes, and looked around. I need to confess while my mind was still with me. I walked towards the confessional booth, stuffing myself in there, making myself comfy. \"Forgive me father, for I have sinned.\" I started, waiting for someone to answer. \"If we say we have no sin, we are only fooling ourselves and refusing to accept the truth. Continue,\" someone spoke. \"My sins are unearthly, father, for no one in history has done what I have.\" \"Then you are unearthly, and should be proud, for one of this earth should be ashamed,\" The voice relaxed me. \"I have given myself to the devil, father, in hope of a present. I have put forth my needs and wants instead of the pleas of others, and have walked this planet for too long, without any vengeance extracted on me. I have murdered many, even tried to have my way with women, and acted in necromantic and cannibalistic ways. And now I fear my mind is deserting my body. I fear I shall not make the gateways of God, and will not bask in the glory which Jesus has promised one's soul. I fear for the woman who bore me, for her son has done such deeds, that she will have to pay. I worry, father, for the family and loved ones of those whose life I have taken without permission.\" By now, my voice was breaking, and my concious had left me alone. Everything which came out of my mouth, was true, and I had told this stranger everything. I waited for a reply. Nothing for at least a minute. \"What you have done... is what the devil wanted you to do, son. I'm afraid...I cannot help you. God may forgive you, son, and maybe I have, too. But I do not no for certain if you will get the treatment you want after life, for that is decided when one chooses to mend himself, his clothes, and the clothes on the back of those unworthy. What have you collected to sew back the tears on the clothes you wear?\" \"Nothing ... yet, father, but I will! Anything!\" Tears ran down my cheeks, and I was not aware. \"Look not to me, but He who awaits thee.\" God. \"That is all then, father. Good day,\" Silence. I walked out of the booth, looking at the candles once again. I whispered a prayer, and walked out of the church. Thank you for reading. Next chapter will not be done for a while, so you must wait .[Chapter 4] Author's Note I take no claim of the wonder that is Patrick Bateman, for it is copy write Bret Easton Ellis. This chapter shall also be told from the point of view of Bateman, but don't worry, I will explore the minds of other characters. This and a few more will be the last chapters I will put up before going away to New York, and I will be gone from September 1st - September 5th. I shall try my hardest to pull some time out, try to start a new fan fiction. Some ideas are in my head, but I am looking for new ones. So review this chapter, and message me ideas if you are willing. 101 Ways to Get Away With Murder \" The Dirty Collection of Scarred Sanity \" Original Plotting and Original characters by the Embedded Shame I sat there, looking at the white computer screen as it suddenly turned black, hinting that the computer had shut off. I closed my eyes, folding my hands to meet my lips. It was interesting. To see myself loose control over my life, my friends, my sanity ... But it was expected. The spring brought with it a new kind of worry over me. Well ... it wasn't really new. I had been afraid of this when I first started to fulfill my lust for the flesh, and to see those that think of themselves as a deity suffer. If not for this picture in my head, I don't know how I would have survived these past months. This picture, this essence, she guided me. Every time I would close my mind, this innocent individual would pop up in my mind. Her piercing eyes would look into mine's, telling me it was alright to be afraid. Telling me that she too was afraid once. Once a while, my urges did take over, and whenever I felt like it was my duty to put this person to rest, she would pop up. She was my personal angel, my savior of sanity for the moment. Do I sound like im insane? Good. This woman in my dreams, she was the same one I saw in that church. There was a connection, like she had a secret just like me. Every time I saw her, I just wanted to ask her why she would not leave me alone. Who was I to her, and she to me? Why was she haunting me, for fuck's sake?! Grr... I pounded on my table, eyes still closed, arising from my slumber, if you'd call it that. Too much! Mary Sue ran through my mind, her posture, her please, her daunting words. She made me look like a bad guy. I wasn't a bad guy. I was just a guy, with a dark, dark, dark secret. Or more. It's all too much! I need to get away! I was rich, I had friends who'd bend backwards for me, and I was settled. Now, I just didn't know anymore. Maybe I didn't belong in this world. Maybe I belonged with my type. You know, killers...psychopaths...pathological liars, even. Everything leading to an asylum. Could it really be that bad? But my business would be ruined, everything! What if I went on a leave, say about 2 years, and left Goodings in charge? By then, i'd have gotten some good enough help. I'd see to it tomorrow. Sighing, I sank back in my leather chair, glad that the day had finally came to an end. Tomorrow, that was another story. Then footsteps approached me. I opened my eyes. \"Is that you, Manuella?\" \"Yes, Mr.Bateman, and I have those documents you requested, signed by Surillo and Goodings,\" I forced myself up, watching her move swiftly, placing the papers on my desk. Right after that...incident with Jean, I hired her. She wasn't that smart, not intellect wise, but what I mean is she doesnt have that suspicious persona to her. Sh didn't bother asking questions like why I wanted to hire her, what happened to the other secretary, like all the others I had interviewed. Of course, when I did hire her, it was because she was just so damn good looking! Her amazing, and natural, red hair and blue eyes drew me to her, immediately, and the way that she moved ever so swiftly wanted me to just ... Well, You get the drift. But it wasn't like that anymore. I hated to see her. She reminded me of what i'd become that night, when I held Jean's skull in my hand, blood dripping down my elbow, wetting my underarms, as her body fell with a thud... No, crap! I couldn't think like that! Not again! \"Mr. Bateman?\" Manuella's soft voice rang in my ears. \"Sorry, I, uh ...\" \"I know, Mr. Bateman, it's been a tough day.\" A day? Try a few years... \"Uh, yeah, you have no idea. Why don't you, uh, clean this mess up...\" I said, pointing at the cluttered papers on my sofa, and balls of lined paper across the trashcan, which had missed while I was passing the time. \"...and join me for dinner at my place?\" I gave her a crooked smile. I wasn't particularly interested in this one, I just needed a little something to pass my time... And there I went again. Those instincts sank in, and if it were quite enough, you could have heard my heart beat. Say no, Manuella, say no. \"Sorry, Mr. Bateman, but not tonight,\" I sighed, as she looked at me awkwardly. \"Oh, no, it's, uh -- That's fine! I don't mind at all, I was just hoping to have company tonight.\" \"Oh, really? Because I can call a friend, or --\" \"No, that's fine, Manuella.\" \"Mr. Bateman, is everything alright...\" \"Yeah, of course! Why wouldn't it be?\" \"Well, you're sweating like you've just finished a ten kilometer run.\" It was only then that I felt the sweat. I was fighting hard to control my urges, but not as much now. They were getting under control, but it wasn't advisable yet to be near me if you were a beautiful woman. \"Yeah, the Air Conditioning is broken, have that fixed for me, will you?\" I ignored her, and grabbed my coat off the chair behind me. I didn't hear what she said exactly after that. It sounded like ass. Yep, that's me. Patrick Bateman, Mergers & Acquisitions, and part time ass. I didn't care that she didn't like me. Half the people I worked with, in fact, hated my guts. It was a wonder I woke up every morning, alive! By now, I was outside the building, waiting for my driver to haul up any second with my car. It had been 20 minutes, and no sign of him yet. I didn't want to wait, so I was going to go myself. While walking past the church with the triangular stained glass window, where I had seen my angel for the first time, I stopped, with a sense that someone was watching my movements. And someone was. I looked at the statue of Virgin Mary, and then to the window to its left, and sure enough, the old man to whom I confessed watched me with piercing eyes, like I was some demon, or worse. That made me stiff, and mad, along with scared. What if the world knew my ways... Imagine at least half a dozen billion eyes, all with piercing glares as this man's. That would be enough to drive one to the insane asylums, before the police. But for me, half a dozen billion eyes weren't enough. Just one was. The coldness of April danced across my feet, pointing me in a direction unknown. I turned around, now facing west, and started walking. But where was I walking? Half an hour later, I was at the doors of an asylum. A mental asylum. The screams and agonizing please which leaked through the gaps between the door woke up something else within me. Sympathy. I was about to open the door, when someone opened it. Out came a nurse, with a man strapped on one of those beds you drag in the ambulance. She dragged him along, even after noticing me, and it was then I noticed the ambulance parked behind me. The man looked to be in his teens, and was begging to be released. The nurse showed no sympathy, screaming over the boy, dragging him into the ambulance, and closing the door, only after giving me a cold stare. A shudder ran down my back. Did I really want this? Anything for my sanity back. I looked around once more, feeling like I was being watched once again, and entered the asylum's doors. What greeted me totally confused me. The man who had asked me to call the woman in the church looked at me, smiling. \"Good evening, sir. How may I help you?\" \"Uh...i'm here to...just check some things, since I plan on admitting someone here,\" The man looked like he was recalling something. I gave him a minute, smiling back. \"I think I remember you, sir.\" \"Likewise.\" Now that he stood infront of me, he was easy to make out. His eyes were not in fact blue, but a light shade of hazel. his skin was as porcelain as a doll, and his hair were bleached blonde. Almost perfect blonde, as messy as they were, I was a bit jealous. He stood a little shorter than me, but the height difference wasn't that much. What he wore, now I wasn't jealous of that at all. They looked like scrubs, but all white, like the walls and faces of this horrifying place. \"The guy from the church.\" \"Yup.\" He shook my hand, and asked me what I wanted. I had to repeat myself, and he apologized for that. While walking around, he started talking about himself and this depressing places, and I just added a few nods and things, and pretended that I was interested, when I was bored as hell. My eyes widened as we came across a room, empty yet full. I stopped in my footsteps. Then, there was my angel, curled on the bed, in a long collared shirt, with black tights and boots, listening to her music, and completely innocent. Her silver eyes, looking onto nothing, yet into everything. For a second, I'd thought I was asleep. Maybe I was dreaming. Sean, my guide, stopped along with me. \"You OK there, Patrick?\" he asked. \"Yeah. Just give me a moment.\" He noticed what I was looking at, and grinned. \"Beauty, isn't she?\" You better not think like that if you want to live... \"Who?\" I asked. \"Yeah, whatever. Her name's Anna.\" \"Anna.\" I whispered. I pulled myself away from her, and looked at the man's eyes, adoring her also. I wanted to just pull his eyes out, for looking at my... She's not your property , the father's voice lured me away from the greedy area of my mind. I smiled at the man, as he looked away from her, finally. \"Have you seen everything?\" he asked. \"Just what I wanted to see anyways.\" \"And what did you want to see?\" \"A place away from the mind.\" He rustled uncomfortably. \"But something else caught my attention,\" and this caught the Blondie's attention as well, \"Anna in there, i'm her uncle, and i'm here to take her away.\" Sean's eyes literally popped out, and his mouth went dry. \"You're lying.\" \"Am I?\" \"Yes, you are.\" \"What's her last name?\" I asked. \"I don't know.\" \"How did she end up here?\" This was amusing. \"She admitted herself, without a reason.\" \"Because her parents were lousy drunks, and her mother was a whore. They both beat her so much, leading her to believe there was something wrong with her as a kid, so she ran away. I know, she told me.\" \"But she's a mute!\" Crap. \"Only since she got here.\" Not one of my best explanations, but it would do. Sean sighed, and started walking to the main office, directing me to follow him. He pulled out a chair, and I sat on it, facing him as he took a seat on the edge of his desk. \"Listen, you can't just come in here, claim that someone's related to you, and --\" \"I'm not pretending.\" \"How do I know for sure?\" \"Are you related to her?\" \"No.\" \"Have you spent every single day of your childhood with her?\" \"No.\" \"Do you have legal documents claiming she's your property?\" \"I,uh--\" \"No, you don't. I don't see why you're so attached to her.\" \"Listen, sir, she cannot leave just because you say so.\" \"Then let her have her say.\" \"Ok, then.\" He pressed the button on the microphone like device, and spoke into it. \"Hurley, send in Anna, room number 109, bed 3. Immediately.\" Five awkward minutes of silence. Then the door flung open, and my angel walked in. I didn't rise from my seat, and pretended like I even noticed her, as she made her way in, grabbing a chair and sitting in it, like she'd come here regularly. \"Anna,\" Sean greeted her. She didn't say or moved an inch, but rolled her eyes. \"Do you know this man?\" Sean asked, pointing at me. She didn't say anything. \"Yes, she does. like I've told you, i'm her uncle.\" At that, she looked at me immediately, and I looked at her, begging to play along. \"Is he your uncle, darling?\" Darling?! I have every right to bash your skull on that sweet little desk you're sitting on , blondie! Urge. I was trying so hard to control urges. They were getting stronger by the second. I still looked into Anna's eyes, waiting for her reply. I slipped my hand in hers, and looked back at Sean's reddened face. Sean stared at Anna, still, and watch her head nod. Anger was visible in his eyes, and it kind of made me laugh a bit. \"Can we leave?\" I asked. \"Ye-yeah. I'll have some papers sent that you're gonna need to sign, Bateman.\" \"Sure, I'll leave my work number at your receiver.\" I arose from my chair, still with my hand in Anna's, and walked out of Sean's office, leaving my number at the receiver's like I had promised. Hand in hand, I walked out of the asylum, happy that my angel was with me. Soon as the doors closed behind us, she pulled herself away from me as quickly, and stood infront of me, looking at me like I was just another man. \"Why?\" she whispered. Her voice was like a choir of angels, atleast to me. \"Why what?\" I asked, still drowned in her voice. \"Why did you...say you were my uncle?\" \"Because you asked me to get you out.\" \"No, I didn't.\" \"When we were at the church...you opened your eyes...you wanted me to help you, I could tell.\" She bit her lips, looking away from me. Please, look at me again... As she'd read my mind, she looked back. \"Can you get my stuff?\" \"How about tomorrow?\" I started walking, and I knew she was following me. I'd follow her, too.[Chapter 5] Author's Note This chapter isn't that long, since I'm in the middle of sorting a few things out, for the trip to New York, even though we won't leave until August 29th. But I still have to buy this year's school books, supplies, uniform and have to collect some money for the new school identification card. It is around a hundred dollars. Damn that cheap school. I do apologize for this, but I am making an effort. Secondly, I wish to express my thank yous to Laurenmlbc for expressing interesting in my story, and so this chapter is dedicated to her . The story today will be told from Anna's point of view, so you might need to be aware of that. At the moment, I am also reading Dance With The Devil , by Jenny Joker . It can be found in the Comics Batman section, so read that one, too, it's pretty freaking kick ass. And please, please, please review! My goal for August is getting at least twenty two reviews :) 101 Ways to Get Away With Murder \" Something In Common \" Original Plotting and Original characters by the Embedded Shame Sweat poured down my neck, as I awoke, screaming like a mad man. I tried to remember what exactly was that had scared me. I looked around me, in an attempt to make out where I was exactly. I lay in a bed, at least four times as big as the one I had slept in back at the asylum. The sheets were a shade of crimson, and so was the cotton blanket under which I had slept. I forced myself out of the bed, sore as I was. I was pretty aware how much I was moving, and struggling throughout that night. But why? I hadn't had a dream in more than four years. A cold breeze caught me off guard, and I pulled my long collared shirt down. I was no longer wearing my tights, or my boots. I couldn't imagine what might've happened to them. I made my way across the bed, and to my left, where there was a dresser. I looked on the dresser, trying to find maybe a watch, or something which would indicate the time, since it would be impossible at this hour to even bother finding a clock in the room. I kept on knocking over cologne after cologne after cologne, when finally, my hand came across a cubic figure. I picked it up, bringing it to my face. It was a video camera. Still not a watch , I thought, but it would do. \"Put that down.\" I turned so quickly to see who was behind me, that I swear my neck might have snapped. I put the camera down as the voice had ordered me, and moved away from the dresser quickly, and back into the bedsheets, since I didn't want this man to see me in this state. In a second, the lights went on, and my head hurt like hell. It was as if I hadn't open my eyes in days! Just as they went on, I was obviously less scared, as I could now make out this person's face. Then my cheeks shone a bright pink. He wore nothing but a towel around his waist, and another one around his neck. His dark brownish hair were a mess, and were wet, since the drips of water which fell from his locks could be heard. \"You're up.\" He spoke, a little less tensed now. I nodded. \"There's a pair of...garments in the closet. I bought them yesterday night, after you fell asleep. Fell free to go through them.\" His eyes shone a light shade of brown, quite opposite then my own silver eyes. For a few seconds, he stood there, looking around. \"I know you can talk, so why not put on those clothes, and meet me in the living room in a minute. Then we can talk about a few things.\" I was about to say something, but he left the room just as fast as he had come in. I got out of the bed again, and walked over to the dresser. I ignored the camera, not wanting him to yell at me again. I continued to look for a watch, but it looked like this guy just didn't own one. The lights are on, you idiot, I told myself. Just look for a clock. I looked around the room, until I found a spun silver wall clock hanging right above the bed. It was six o'clock. I had to guess if it was night, or morning, and looking out the window would be no help since it was pitch black. I decided to check those clothes that he mentioned. There was a door next to the dresser, so I decided to investigate that. I turned the knob and holy mother of Jesus, this closet was half the size of this room. I walked in, and looked around. There were at least a hundred pairs of business suits, and blue jeans in there, and at least two hundred pair of fine polished shoes, all black. At least fifty of those shoes were sneakers and sandals. There was a cabinet within the closet, and sweat shirts folded neatly were stacked on khaki pants and other things. You could easily have gotten lost in there. I searched the perimeter, looking for the clothes he mentioned. There was a freaking computer there, for God's sake. Everything was too much, at least for my liking. I was probably in there for ten minutes, and when I came outside, I held a pair of light pink underwear and bra, along with a pair of skinny jeans, which I'd never wore before, and a black Harvard hooded shirt. I put everything on, and walked out of the room, glad. The man sat on the sofa, his hair was now dry and he no longer wore the towels. Instead, he was dressed in casual Friday wear. A white and black argyle v-neck sweater, and Grey pajama, and a pair of matching socks. Soon as I walked out, he lighted up. The smile on his face... \"Morning.\" It was a soft whisper. I smiled at him, and sat down on the black leather sofa in front of him. All that separated us was a transparent coffee table, on which lay two mugs, with coffee inside. \"How did you sleep?\" he asked. \"Good.\" I lied. His jaw tensed as if he knew I were lying, and that made me feel a bit guilty inside. \"Why did you say you were my uncle?\" It was my time to ask the questions. He picked up the mug in front of him, put it to his lips, and sipped from it. I did the same, knowing it was going to be a long conversation. \"Do you remember me from the church?\" \"Yes.\" \"When you opened your eyes, I could see the hurt in your eyes. I knew what you were going through. I wanted to help you.\" \"How did you know where to find me?\" I held onto the mug, even though it was burning my finger tips. \"I didn't. I went to the asylum to admit myself -- \" \"Why?\" \"I haven't been a very good boy.\" He sipped from his coffee again. I could only imagine what he meant by that. \"Neither have I.\" This startled him, as he raised his eyebrow. \"Oh?\" He looked at me with disbelief. \"You're right. I didn't want to be at the asylum. But I had no choice. It was for the better. What if I told you ... I'm insane. Would you still want to keep me around?\" I didn't know what exactly, but there was definitely a connection between us. It wasn't love, it wasn't lust. Just a connection. To my surprise, he nodded. \"How did you end up in the asylum?\" He asked, getting up. I watched him walk to the kitchen to his left, as he poured the coffee down the drain. I don't know why he did, it was perfect. \"When I was fourteen, I ran away from home.\" \"Why?\" I hesitated to tell him, but I had to tell someone. Anyone who would listen. \"One day after school, while I was walking home, this kid from school caught up with me, and started to ask me to do weird things. He was a senior, and I was a freshman in higshchool. I didn't know what to do, and I had anxiety issues. he wouldn't stop. He wouldn't stop asking me to ... touch him, to let him touch me. I couldn't take it. I yelled at him... He kept laughing. He dragged me in a closs by alley, and pushed me against the wall. He touched me...in weird places, I don't remember exactly, but I saw a big rock beside me. I wasn't thinking. I picked up the rock, and hit him...and hit him...and hit him.\" I picked up my mug, and walked over to him, Patrick, in the kitchen. He now sat on a stool facing the counter. I pulled out another stool, and sat next to him. \"I remember...running out of the alley. With blood on my white uniform...and brains in my hand.\" I looked up the entire time I was talking, pulling back the tears. But I could see that Patrick was looking at me. Not disgusted, but interested. He was the first person I'd told this to in years, and he didn't look at me like a freak. \"I wanted ... more,\" I whispered, just loud enough that he could hear. \"It wasn't enough. So I ran. To the asylum. I thought they'd help me. But they didn't. They kept on giving me different medicines, different drugs. I told them I was fine, I just needed to be left alone. Sean understood. He was my only friend there. But they said something to him, told him I was a freak. I ran away from there once. I ended up killing seven people. And I liked it ... if it wasn't for Sean, I wouldn't have stopped. But he'd changed...\" Patrick's arms were wrapped around me, as tears ran down my cheeks. \"We have something in common.\" He said. I could only imagine...and hope.[Chapter 6] Author's Note And I'm pretty sick right now, and mum and dad have gone a few places to buy some things, and I'm stuck at home, managing my sister at the same time as managing myself. So I thought I should just as well finish another chapter of it. Thank you to pirateaddict, HelenaTwilight , and also livextreme26 for taking interest in this story, and also making me feel like I have something good here, because I was seriously doubting. I plan on putting up a few Batman fan fictions and as well as Ironman, so keep a look out for that. Today's chapter will be told from a few different people's point of view, but i'll let you know. You can now go to my profile page, and see pictures of the characters, and how I've imagined them, so you can, too. 101 Ways to Get Away With Murder \" Memento \" Original Plotting and Original characters by the Embedded Shame Sean 's Point of View It was Saturday, and even though I got off for the weekend yesterday, my work was far from over. Just who was this Patrick Bateman character? Where had he been these past few years, and who was he to suddenly sweep Anna off her feet? If you asked me, this was too damn weird, and If this damned computer wasn't going to load faster, I was seriously going to punch the monitor. Finally! The search engine directed me to a local citizen account site, only available for the police. Don't worry, all in good time. My fingers dashed across the keyboard, as I typed Anna Moretti in the keyboard. In under .03 seconds, the engine had found three thousand results. No way was I going to look through at least three hundred pages, so I selected as to which network she was a part of, and took my chances and wrote in Manhattan . No results. I then typed in New York , and still no result. Why was she not in any records? Any kind of memorabilia would do... I sighed in frustration, and typed in Staten Island . She couldn't have come from anywhere else. And if she did, someone must of drove her, or knew her. To my surprise, two results popped up. Before clicking anything, I read their descriptions. \" Anna Moretti Persaud. \" I read her description no way was she my Anna. I didn't even bother reading the full description. Looking down the screen, I read the next name. Anna Moretti Coladonato , was supposedly a blonde, tanned and outgoing individual. Age was considered to be around twenty two, and supposedly, she'd been missing since she was ... fourteen. Huh. The description definitely wasn't Anna, but the date indicated the same day Anna arrived at the asylum, and the first time I'd first seen her. However, she wasn't tanned nor was she blonde. Definitely not outgoing, since she'd never talked to anyone at the asylum, and always kept to herself. I hovered over her name, and clicked it, hoping for more information. Along with extra details, a picture of the girl when she was last seen popped up. I had to squint to make out what exactly was in the picture, since it was a crappy resolution and the pixels were deteriorated. In the picture, a chubby man, dressed in a wedding tuxedo, held onto a smiling blonde, and full of life kid. I wasn't interested in what she wore, nor the man, but I looked hard at the child's face. Her bone structure, her silver cat like eyes, and her edgy personality...the difference wasn't even there. That was my Anna. I got out of my chair, and walked to the small stool which rested beside my mattress. I grabbed a blank paper, and also a pencil and walked back to the computer table. I didn't sit down, there wasn't time. I jotted down the address, and bolted out of my crappy apartment like that. A nna's Point of View I was wrapped up in a blanket in his bed, with him next to me. His sudden shuffling and mumbles had woken me up an hour ago, and I had been awake since then. My eyes looked around and surveyed the darkness in the room, which I had now been accustomed to. I wondered how long I was going to have to stay here, and I was still confused as to why he'd taken me in, and as to how he'd managed to read me in a few seconds when we first encountered at the church. I quietly twisted my figure to face him. His eyes were closed, and he looked like he was dreaming something good. It made me smile, too. For the past week, he had been sleeping on the hard leather sofa, just so I wouldn't have to, and because I felt sorry I'd told him it was alright to sleep next to me until we could arrange something. It was a surprise he didn't try anything, which I was so sure of. I guess he really didn't mean any harm. I was only inches away from his face, and trying hard to read his expression. I bit my lip, as a sudden urge ran down my spine. His light pink lips were hard to not find attractive, and his pale skin just drew me in. I'd shared innocent little incidents with him, things I'd never told anyone, all which brought a smile on his face. Small things, even, but there was doubt in the back of my head that he wasn't who he made it out to be. Patrick and I had much more than I thought in common. Besides our views on self assured people and our lust for blood and bone, that is. In the past week I'd gotten to know him, somewhere along the track, he'd mention he liked Huey Lewis and The News , and other classical 80's music, mostly rock. My admiration for him immediately grew, because I was very passionate about that kind of music. Now that the music mainstream was changing, and as rap and hip hop was now most common, this was very rare to find. As I had to him, he'd opened up to me about small things like how he'd almost been caught once for his carelessness in a murder he committed and how he almost had feelings for his secretary, which to my and his surprise, made me uncomfortable to hear. His past was still a mystery, and he refused to talk about his parents. In fact, whenever the subject did seem to pop up, he would try and change it. As if my thoughts were loud enough to wake him up, his eyes suddenly opened, and mine's shut tight in a second. I was afraid of what he thought I might have been doing. I felt the mattress sink to Patrick's side, meaning he was getting off, followed by the rustling of sandals. I opened my left eye, and watched what he was doing. I felt like such a stalker. He stretched for a second first, and yawned, covering his mouth to make sure he wasn't disturbing me. He then reached for the hem of his white tee and slowly pulled it off, as I glared in jealousy at his abs and amazing figure, oddly unearthly, whereas mine was fragile, and petite. He walked out off the room, leaving me kind of hoping for him to come back. \"Tell me about your parents.\" I was shocked to hear his voice, however much it delighted me. He'd known I was awake the whole time. \"I didn't have parents. Did have a brother, though.\" \"Oh?\" He tried to seem interested, but he was still sleepy. \"Collin Moretti.\" He walked back in the room, while trying to button his shirt. \"What happened to your parents?\" He walked to the dresser, fixing his collar, and came back to the side on which he lay just a few moments ago, with his eyes fixed at me. \"For my mum, it was overdosing on sleeping pills. My dad ... he committed suicide after he couldn't pay the bills.\" \"Do you miss them?\" All the while, he messed with his collar. \"No.\" \"Why?\" \"I didn't like them. Not one bit. Do you know what I got for my birthday?\" His eyes concentrated on me more. The tension mounted, and another urge ran through me. \"What?\" \"Twenty five cents.\" Although he didn't show it, I found sympathy in his eyes. \"I don't like them very much either.\"[Chapter 7] Author's Note This and another chapter will probably be the last ones for the next two weeks. I am feeling better now, but still have a light cough. Just after math. Sorry to keep you waiting for the next part, but I'm trying my hardest. Anyways, I've just watched American Psycho for the millionth time, and is it just me or does Christian Bale gets freaking gorgeous every time? Aha. On other news, read chapter one again, since it's updated and everything. Much more detail and thought had been put into it. So yeah, read it. And Please review this, a lot of thought has been put into this as well. Disclaimer I do not own Patrick Bateman. he belongs to Bret Easton Ellis, however much I wish he belonged to me. Any other characters you may recognize are probably not mine. 101 Ways to Get Away With Murder \" Memory Lane \" Original Plotting and Original characters by the Embedded Shame Sean's Point of View 89th and Hemingway , I repeated in my mind more than I could count. So close. I kept my eyes on the cars and road ahead, ignoring the pressure of the wind on my arm which lingered out the open window. In a way, it was sort of soothing. I couldn't remember the last time I left the asylum. I had vivid, clear, memories of Anna the very day she arrived, and the day she went mad. She held onto a black carry on bag, tightly with both hands, as if her life depended on it. Her black hair, and pale skin could be seen perfectly under the hot summer sun, dancing with the warm winds. She wore a black, tattered, tube top escorted by a pair of light blue damaged jeans. As she walked through the doors of the asylum, which at that time were painted and not rusty, I was the first to greet her. Although, back then, I didn't work there, but I was there with my father because it was \"take your kids to work because they aren't learning anything in school anyways\" day. \"Hi!\" I remembered yelling, literally, in her face. She didn't say a thing, but I kept on talking anyways. It wasn't until the staff asked her questions, that I figured out she was a mute. Father asked me to take her to the room she'd be staying in until they can figure out where exactly she was from. So I did just that, gladly. Love at first sight. As we walked the whiteness, and passed the shrieks of patients, which I had blocked out from my mind completely, I took her bag from her, figuring she'd been holding on to that for a long time, and started conversing as always. \"Nod if you can hear\" She nodded. Good, some progress. \"What's your name?\" I had noticed that she looked scared, and didn't want to be there, as if she'd been forced here or something. \"Is it...Michelle?\" By now, I was just taking chances. \"Jennifer?\" \"Jessica?\" She tilted her head from right to left, indicating that neither of those name were hers. \"You have to speak, you know.\" She took a sudden turn, and walked up to a nurse, leaving me baffled. The nurse bent down, hand on her knees, and asked the kid who she was. Of course, no answer. Who would have thought? Then, the pale child reached up and pointed at the nurse's tag. I had to squint to read what it was. Being ten meters didn't really help. \"Your name's ... Anna?\" She nodded. And our friendship grew from there, although never once did she say anything. I'd learned to guess when she wanted something, or what she was saying, although I didn't have to, since she was capable of doing most things. She wasn't that hard to read, and still comforting to be around. Father and all of his staff weren't able to get anything out of her, where she was from, why she was here, and neither was I able to do anything to contribute. She simply refused to say anything. I didn't even know her last name, until one day when she pulled an old notebook (probably a diary) from her bag, and started to write in it, that I accidentally caught a glimpse. But by then, everyone just went on minding their own business, and no one cared what Anna was doing, or how she was doing. They figured she wasn't talking because it was some illness, so they kept jamming her throat with different drugs, and medicines, and although Anna protested, no one cared. I was there to comfort her by the end of the day, but by then she'd be tired, or was passed out. Damned drugs. One day, I think she got tired of living here, being treated like shit, so she ran away in the dark of the night. The very next morning, a number of murders were reported in our area, so they automatically figured it was Anna. I didn't believe it, she couldn't do something like that. I still don't believe it, but when they brought her back, covered in blood, and screaming gibberish, I saw a side of her that terrified me. I asked the nurse who clutched her arms around Anna's waist to leave the girl alone, and told her I'd handle it. Anna made no protest, and neither did the nurse. I ran towards Anna, and hugged her as tight as I could, as she did the same. I remembered whispering something to her. \"Don't you dare leave here again\" It must of sounded like a death threat, because I remember her eyes tearing up after I pulled away. Nonetheless, no one pressed any charges because, well, no one outside the asylum knew it was Anna who went on that rampage. Not the police, not the families of the victims, no one. We decided we'd needed to increase her doses of the drugs, and morphine, and that would help her. Hell, was I wrong. That stuff was screwing her up more than ever. She stopped nodding, stopped interacting, and stopped living. All she'd do the whole day is listen to her music, more like noise, and lay in the bed. She'd only leave the asylum on Sundays and Thursdays for church, and even then, I was to accompany her, and make sure she didn't go on another rampage again. So what could I have done? It was either my job, or Anna. Who was Anna to me anyways? Why was she so damn important? My job on the other hand, I'd strive for that for years, and after father passed away, there was no one else to take over but me. So I chose my job. Wouldn't you? But I regret my decision everyday. I had something that people were jealous of, something everyone searched for all their life, and died without ever catching a glimpse of it. I had Anna. She loved me, and I let her down. I never met someone quite like her, someone so mysterious, so secretive, and so alluring all at once, and neither did I intend on forgetting her. Though, she'd probably had forgotten me by now. She was probably living life with Bateman. Just the mention of his name made me cringe. Although, I don't know why it did. If he really was her uncle, he wouldn't try anything. Then again, there were some pretty sick people out there. Just how sick was Bateman? I got out of my car, shutting the door of the silver Porsche behind me, fixing my hair and clothes. I walked up to the huge gates of the mansion in front of me. it looked like no one lived there for ages, since the gates alone were covered with cob webs, meaning they had not been opened in a long while. I looked around as to how I could get in. Shit, I'd have to climb it. Just then, a heavy pour started, and it came down hard. Not a good sign, and not good weather to jump a gate, either. Although, what other choice did I have. The place didn't look friendly, and what if I did press that intercom button ... Intercom button? Duh. I pressed on the button lightly, awaiting for someone's voice. It shocked me as to how fast the person replied, as if they had been watching and waiting for a long time. \"Who's this?\" The person asked. the voice was definitely female, however husky it was. \"Police, ma'am.\" There was a moment of silence, then indistinct voices from behind the woman. \"I'll open the gate.\" She finally said, followed by a beep. The gate parted, and I ran through it as fast I could, since the pour was coming down hard. As I reached the door steps of the house, I knocked two times on it. By the third, someone opened the door. I stood at the door, being greeted by a man who looked to be in his late twenties, tall and mean. He stood at around almost 6'2 feet, with almost the same haircut as me. Mine's was slightly better. \"Good afternoon.\" I finally spoke. He just nodded. \"Why're you here?\" he asked. \"I need to ask a few questions about a Anna Moretti who used to live here.\" Well, he snarled. Was that good or bad? He opened the door, moving out of the way, allowing me to come in. As I entered, there wasn't much to look at but a stone staircase that led to the second and third stories of the house, and the furniture which was covered in white sheets. It was very spacious, and the lack of objects in the house didn't exactly help fill the space. I was still amazed at the beauty of the house, and wished that my apartment would look like that. \"Mind everything. We were just moving.\" The man spoke. \"Oh, yeah? Where to?\" \"Not sure. A smaller place maybe, on the west coast. Don't get a lot of sun in this part of town.\" \"Yeah. I noticed.\" We both sat on the sofas which were also covered in white satin sheets. Just then, a brunette walked in the room. She looked very petite, and kind of tired. She walked over to the man's side, and sat down next to him, as he gave her a kiss on the forehead. \"So, officer. What brings you here?\" She asked me, challenging me with her eyes. She knew I wasn't an officer, but I'd continue to act it. \"I'm here to get more information on Anna Moretti.\" \"Right. Well, you wont get that here. We don't know any Moretti's. \"Really? So the mailbox out there, that's stolen? You know, that's a federal offense.\" The man shifted in his seat, looking uncomfortably at the woman. The woman looked straight at me. \"I'm Collin Moretti. Anna's ... brother.\" The man spoke again, this time in a quite tone. \"Perfect!\" I had hit the jackpot, \"Oh, and there is no mailbox outside.\" The woman scoffed, disgusted, and walked away. \"Sorry about Madeline. She's just ... you know, female things.\" \"Oh, that's fine. So what can you tell me about Anna?\" I pulled out a notepad from my back pocket in my jeans, and pulled out a pencil from my coat's pocket. \"She was a real psycho, you know. Always threw tantrums, got pissed for no reason. Came home one day, with blood all over her. Said it was paint, but hell, she smelled like blood. Real weirdo.\" \"Uh-huh.\" I listened carefully, to everything he said, hanging onto every word. I didn't get much on Bateman, but sure as hell got a lot on Anna. ","Summary":" Author's Note No, I do not own any of the characters of the amazing Bret Easton Ellis. This chapter"},{"Movie":"American Psycho","Title":"Check Out These Doubles","Author":"Yoshizilla-Rhedosaurus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6509619","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Check Out These Doubles By Yoshizilla-Rhedosaurus Yoshizilla-Rhedosaurus: Prepare for trouble, and make it DOUBLES . Meowth, dat's right. Disclaimer: If I get dubz, then I'll do something important. Trips, I'll remain the same. Quads? I'll spice it up a bit. Quints? Well... you can't GET them all. \"Check Out My Doubles!\" Doubles Guy states with pride as he points at his funky radio set, grinning sheepishly. The other guy simply stares blankly at him. \"What do you mean, check out your doubles, and why are you ponting at the radio?\" Doubles Guy frowned as he replied, \"Can you at least check out my dubz?\" The other guy scratched his head in confusion. \"I don't get it. Doubles, dubs? What the fuck dose that have to do with this movie?\" Doubles Guy got angry and pulled out two axes, murdering the other guy twenty two times as he laughed eleven times. Blood was everywhere as Doubles Guy started dancing to \"Its Hip To Be A Square\", surrounded by bright green text with double numbers all dancing around him. THE END[Chapter 2] Doubles Guy went to the nearest hotel, which was eleven stories tall. Doubles Guy double checked his bag, to see all of his items, two of them each. Doubles Guy grinned as he rode the elevator, pressing all of the numbers twice so he took a ride two times. At last, Doubles Guy reached the eleventh floor, heading into the nearest room, and opening the door, to see the hooker he had hung out with. \"Hey bitch, what are you doing in my bed?\" Doubles Guy angrily stated as he pointed at the hooker, who was all naked, hiding under the red covers. The hooker gasped in shock as she was insulted. \"Your bed? What are you doing in my room?\" Doubles Guy scoffed as he folded his arms together. \"I'm checking in my doubles, of course! Now get out of here, before I double kill you.\" \"You don't have the balls to do it.\" The hooker stated, while staring angrily at Doubles Guy. Doubles Guy heartily laughed as he wiped his right eye, wagging his right index finger at the hooker as he replied slyly, \"I don't need balls when I have...\" He then snaps his fingers as he laughs. \"Dubz.\" Suddenly, all within the mere seconds of finger snapping, there were doubles, doubles everywhere. The green text numbers landed all around the hooker, cornering her towards the wall as Doubles Guy then picked up the bed and chucked it out of the window. The hooker screamed as she went falling to her death, eleven stories below. Doubles Guy grinned with a sense of pride as he too out a cigar and smoked it, his mission accomplished. \"Check em,\" Doubles Guy stated proudly.[Chapter 3] Doubles Guy was checking out the mail in the mall today. Everyone around him was dead, as he shot at them twenty two hundred times. Doubles Guy opened up his mail, and he got thirty three letters out. \"These are a lot of doubles,\" Doubles Guy commented as he laughed, standing up as he pointed at the huge clock on the ceiling, which read \"12:22\". \"But I gotta go and check these out.\" So Doubles Guy left the mall and snapped his fingers two times, two yellow colored taxies arriving in unison as the entire mall exploded two times, with Doubles Guy laughing as he took one of the cabs home, the other cab following for no reason. No reason at all. Yup. No reason.[Chapter 4] Doubles Guy looked around to make sure no one followed him. Feeling sure, Doubles Guy pointed at the dark night sky, lightning shooting out from his fingers twice as lightning illuminated the sky twice, making thunder boom. He smiled as he ran into a nearby yellow taxi cab, pushing the dirver out as he drove off. \"They won't be able to check out my dubz now,\" Doubles Guy stated as he laughed heartily, placing on dual sunglasses, snapping his fingers twice. Doubles Guy took out a dual gun, shooting twenty two times at the police cars behind him. The police cars erupted in huge flames that extended eleven blocks. Doubles Guy laughed as he went over a ramp, landing on the street and heading uphill as he went up another ramp, this time the taxi cab falling right into a forest filled gorge. Doubles Guy jumped out of the cab, landing on the peak of a mountain within the gorge as the cab fell into the trees, bursting into flames. Doubles Guy laughed as he clapped twenty two times, giving himself a promotion as he wondered where to check out dubz next.[Chapter 5] Doubles Guy ran down the stairs as he shot several missiles back at the cops chasing him. Doubles Guy reached the bottom level, opening the door to see five police cars in front of him. Not taking any time to hesitate, Doubles Guy tossed a bomb and ran off to the western direction, the bomb exploding loudly. Seeing the flames engulfing the building he was in, Doubles Guy smirked as he turned around, casually walking towards a nearby McDonald's. He grabbed a Double Quarter Pounder and two medium sized fries as he hid in the shadows, eating his meal in peace. Upon finishing, Doubles Guy came back out, tipping his hat down as he walked by a bunch of cops, who couldn't recognize him. \"Man, these guys are as easy to fool as it's easy to check out dubz,\" Doubles Guy murmured to himself as a grin came across his face, twenty two seconds later the entire block engulfing in flames. Check em, yo.[Chapter 6] Doubles Guy was in a touch pickle. He was literally stuck betweena wall and a hard place. So what did he do? He took out two cans of Pepsi. Drank both of them at the same time. Then pointed at the left, shouting, \"Dubs, check em. Or else you will die. Dubs.\" Suddenly, two Amtrak trains out of nowhere crushed the pickle, freeing Doubles Guy, who proceeded to dance to the tune of \"It's Hip To Be A Square'. But Batman was fed up with this bullshit, who he challenged Doubles Guy to a wrestling match. Since Doubles Guy preferred duo battles, they went two on two, Batman and Robin vs. Doubles Guy and Space Ghost. While Space Ghost kept everyone entertained with his mindless chatter, Doubles Guy beat the hell out of Batman and Robin, winning the match. \"You did pretty good, Tad Ghostal,\" Doubles Guy satted as he handed the second trophy to Space Ghost, \"You earned this my friend.\" Space Ghost chuckled as he patted Doubles Guy on the back. \"No no, Patrick Bateman. You keep the trophies. You were the one who did all of the action.\" Space Ghost placed his right hand on his chin. \"Speaking of action, what's taking Zorak and Moltar so long...\"[Chapter 7] Doubles Guy was in a doubles tennis match, his partner being Genesect, playing against Aria Meloetta and Keldeo, who were both losing horribly. Genesect smashed the ball right at Meloetta, htting her in the face. Doubles Guy laughed as he pointed at Meloetta, high fiving Genesect as they taunted Keldeo and Meloetta. \"All right, Gene, my mantis, you showed those two My Little Pony reject whose boss!\" Doubles Guy proclaimed with joy. Genesect was about to say something, but then rubbed the back of his neck. \"Wait... what exactly is My Little Pony?\" Silence. Doubles Guy stared angrily at Genesect, slowly turning his head at the mechanical bug Pokemon. \"Are you fucking real?\" Doubles Guy stated, \"You really have no idea what My Little Pony is?\" Genesect just coughed. \"Not really, no. I don't really lurk 4Chan as much as you guys do...\" Doubles Guy groaned as he slapped his forehead, just shaking his head in dismay. \"Oh Genesect, you have a lot to learn... just a lot to-\" Doubles Guy then got smacked by two green fuzzy tennis balls, courtesy of Meloetta. \"How do you like dem doubles now, Patrick?\" Meloetta exclaimed as she turned around and bent over, smacking her right buttcheek with her right hand as she stuck out her tongue, with Keldeo laughing his head off. Doubles Guy was knocked out unconscious, leaving Genesect to ponder just what My Little Pony really is. But was it worth it?[Chapter 8] Doubles Guy was bored. He was surrounded by thousands of green dollar bills, but he had no idea wyhat to do. \"Wait, I know!\" Doubles Guy exclaimed as he pointed at a nearby radio, \"I can check out Huey Lewis and the News!\" Silence. Pure, awkward silence. Doubles Guy sighed as he lowered his eyes. \"This is boring. I'm gonna go check more dubs.\" He then picked up several cases of different anime. \"These dubs will do me well!\" ","Summary":" Check Out These Doubles By Yoshizilla-Rhedosaurus Yoshizilla-Rhedosaurus: Prepare for trouble, and "},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"Life","Author":"celticsouthern","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8539009","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They both started running toward the beach, out from under the canopy of the trees. The faint whipping sound of a helicopter was barely able to be heard in the distance. \"HEY!\" \"HEY!\" \"HEY!\" They both began yelling at the top of their lungs, waving their arms wildly on the beach. \"Where is it?\" Emma asked, referring to the flare gun. \"Here it is, load and shoot, Em,\" Dean said, handing it to her, \"Pull the trigger, Prom Queen.\" Emma shot the flare just as the helicopter was becoming visible, but for whatever reason, the people in the helicopter did not see the flare or the two youths on the beach. As they watched the helicopter fly off into the distance, Dean took Emma in his arms and let her cry into his chest. Leaning back, Dean tilted Emma's face so that she was looking him in the eyes. Emma's lower lip quivered as she said, \"That was the second helicopter in four months,\" Her voice seemed to come from the depths of the sea. \"I know,\" he murmured as he took her in his arms. Leaning against his chest, Emma breathed in Dean's scent. Nowadays he constantly smelled like the ocean with a earthy male fragrance. \"We are going to be stuck on this island forever.\" Dean didn't answer. As much as he had come to accept that this was where they were going to spend the rest of their lives and that they would never see their families again, Dean knew he could not take that hope away from Emma. He knew that the hope was what sometimes kept her going. For the next two hours, Dean and Emma reconstructed the S.O.S message, making it lager.[Chapter 2] About ten months had past since the helicopter had missed Dean and Emma waving frantically on the island beach, and unlike that day, Emma was without a doubt sure that she was pregnant. Her belly had started swelling along with her breasts becoming tender. From daily morning sickness, back pain and mood swings, Emma's body was going through the many changes that come with being pregnant. Knowing that the coming child was his, Dean tried to be patience with Emma, but their were times when he was glad to have to go fishing and gather supplies. Having made a partially working net to help catch fish and having found a few places on the island where he could gather oysters, Dean and Emma were eating far better then they had in their first two months. Dean had also gone through a rather remarkable change. Because of the better diet and the constant work, Dean had become far more focused then when they first arrived, and he was able to stand perfectly still for long periods of time when fishing. He almost never had trouble spearing enough fish anymore. Along with the better diet, Emma could tell that things had changed in other ways with Dean then his new focus. He was still the boy that she had first known when they arrived on the island most of the time, but ever since he killed the jaguar, there was a different look in his eyes that had nothing to do with how he hunted. It was a look that would tell people that he was a person not to be messed with. Emma becoming pregnant had not helped. Dean had become more stressed and more urgent to get off the island. Making multiple signals that could be set afire at a moments notice or making the S.O.S signal as large as he possibly could, Dean worked almost nonstop. Emma sometimes was forced to make him relax. It had always been her that was the one of the two of them who thought getting of the island vital. She understood why this had changed though. She didn't want to have her first child on a deserted island anymore then Dean did. Of course finding out that there were more jaguars on the island had not helped. In addition, Dean was constantly worried about her and the baby's health. The first two or so months after she found out, Emma had not had any real problems. She could still do all of the things that she had always done around there camp. The only problem had been the almost constant morning sickness. She was now about three months along, and while she was still mobile and able to work, Dean would not let her do nearly as much as she had been doing before. Yet, Emma always demanded that she come to the beach with Dean so they could watch the sunset and look for another green flash. The sunset was the one time he would not argue with her about relaxing. One morning when Emma awoke, she found that Dean had left his cut of shorts in their hut. The boxers that he had been wearing had fallen apart a few months ago, and not long after his boxers went, both his had Emma's shoe fell apart. The first time she had found out that the boxers had fallen apart, though, was not until they had gone swimming and Dean had left on his shorts. Curious about the change, Emma asked, \"Aren't you going to take off your shorts?\" \"That wouldn't be a good idea Prom Queen.\" Dean answered. \"Why? Are you suddenly embarrassed or something?\" \"Fine, you asked for it.\" Dean replied unbuttoning and unzipping his shorts. As the material slid down his legs, Emma was greeted by the sight of her favorite part of Dean's body. Pulling her eyes away from his nether regions, Emma looked Dean directly in the eyes and said, \"You could have just told me you were not waring your boxers.\" Then raising an eyebrow, Emma asked, \"What happened to them?\" \"What, you don't like what you see?\" Placing her hand on her swelling middle, Emma responded, \"I think we both know that I enjoy that part of your body; now put your clothes on, I'm hungry and want dinner this evening.\" Thinking that Dean was in the lagoon swimming, Emma got up and started to look around. Heading first to the lagoon, she was surprised when she arrived and found the water empty. Getting in the water, she thought about the jeans she had been wearing when she first arrived. Looking down at her belly, Emma was still surprised that she could still wear the bottom portion of her bathing suit. Along with her shoes breaking up, the top portion of her suit had ripped a few weeks ago. Emma now used her growing hair to cover her breasts. Slowly moving out into the water, Emma moved over until she was under the waterfall. Coming out from under the falling water, Emma heard noises coming from the direction of their camp. Getting out of the water, Emma slowly walked back to find Dean, but he was not wearing his shorts anymore. Instead, around his genital region Dean had placed a loincloth made form part of the jaguar's skin. \"What are you wearing?\" Emma asked with a smile upon seeing Dean. Turning around, Dean looked over at Emma and then looked down at the garment on his body. \"Considering that I have never had to make my own clothes, I thought it came out rather well.\" Dean said defensively. \"Why would you need to make clothes in the first place; you have your shorts?\" \"Shorts that are thread bare and about to fall apart.\" He replied picking them up and showing her the severe damage. Then pointing to her clothes, he said, \"You know, that bathing suit you're wearing looks like it is about to dissolve.\" Glancing down at the garment, \"What am I suppose to wear then?\" she asked sitting and resting on a rock by the lagoon. \"I can make something for you.\" When Emma gave Dean an incredulous look, he responded, \"I can! I kind of have an idea of what to do now. Just give me a day or so and I will have something for you.\" \"We'll look like cavemen going around in animal skins.\" \"Would you rather go around completely nude?\"[Chapter 3] Two week had gone by since Dean had started to wear the jaguar skin, and while Emma was still having trouble getting use to the sight of him wearing the skin (she tended to giggle when she saw him), he seemed to be very comfortable in the garment. He would not wear the skin every day, but he was beginning to wear it more often then not. Dean had made Emma a skirt-like loincloth as well, but she was still unable to bring herself to put it on. Every time she looked at it or thought of trying the garment on, she got a hollow feeling in her gut and she felt like crying. The nights that followed when Dean first started wearing his new outfit, Emma noticed that he was holding her closer in his sleep then he had originally. Wrapping his strong arms around her, Dean would pull her to his chest as they slept. Emma would wake up with feeling his manhood against her rear each morning, and she would have to wake Dean up because his arms would be locked around her middle unwilling to release her. By the end of the third week after his change of clothing, Dean had stopped being so desperate to get off the island. Instead of constantly making sure the signals were ready, Dean would spend more time on gathering food or making improvements to their shelter. He would sit with Emma waiting to see if their child would kick or simply holding her. Within a month, Emma noticed something that really surprised her, Dean was starting to grow a beard. She first noticed the beard one night as they were sitting by the fire spooning. Dean had been resting his chin on her shoulder when he gently rubbed her shoulder with affection. At first Emma did not know why his chin felt scratchy, but the next morning as they were getting up to start the day, she noticed the hairs growing on his face. Taking a moment to look and see all the changes that Dean had gone through, Emma noticed that not only had he begun to grow a beard, but he now also had a treasure trail leading from his naval down to his groin. His shoulders had widened considerably since they had first arrived. Sure she had noticed that he had grown with the better food supply, but Emma had not realized how much. Where before he had been only about a head taller which placed him at around five feet and ten inches, Dean now looked to be in the vicinity of six feet tall. His shoulders had become even wider, and his muscles were all very well defined. Where he had had an athletic build before, he now had a muscular one. Dean had also noticed changes in Emma. Yes, she was pregnant and her stomach had widened along with her breasts, but she also seemed to have a different aura about her then just two months ago. At first he thought that it was being caused by the new life growing inside her, but that would not explain her since of calm and the strength he now saw in her eyes. One evening as the two were watching the sunset together, they heard the growl of another jaguar close by. They had known for a while that there were more jaguar; they had found tracks and other signs, but this was the first time they had any form of conformation. The surprise to Emma was what Dean did the moment that he heard the sound. Moving fast as lightening, he was standing between her and the jungle with his knife out and with a look to suggest that he was ready for anything. The muscles in his back were all tense and the way he stood conveyed to all the world, absolutely nothing was going to get past him to Emma. Emma reached out to Dean and gently touched his arm. The moment that Emma placed her hand on Dean's skin, Dean seemed to jump and to suddenly realize where he was. It was only there for a moment before Dean replaced the look with a smile and appearance that she had first come to know, but in his eyes Emma had seen a mixture of fear, determination and desire. Emma understood the first two; she did not want to have to deal with another jaguar, but Emma had no idea why desire would be present with the others. Looking into the jungle Dean said, \"Come on Em. Let's head back to the lagoon. The sun has gone down and by the time we get there it will almost be completely dark.\" Smiling as if nothing had happened, \"We are going to need at least a little bit of light to start the fire for the night.\" As they headed into the forest, Emma was wondering what it was that she had witnessed in Dean's eyes back on the beach when she heard a rip. Looking down, Emma found that the bottom half of her bathing suit had finally torn on a branch sticking out into the path. Looking up, she saw Dean trying to suppress a smirk and failing horribly. \"I guess you'll have to wear it now Prom Queen.\" He said looking down at the torn material. \"Unless of course you would rather go around without anything on.\" Pushing past Dean, Emma headed back to their camp with nothing covering her body except her hair. When Dean arrived, Emma was kneeling down next to the fire pit they had made. Because of all the practice, she had flames blooming within a few moments. When the fire was finally large enough to fill the clearing with light, Emma stood and walked over to the cabana like shelter they and constructed together. Emma was still without any form of covering. From the way she moved her hips even pregnant, Dean could read the suggestion. Slipping out of his own garments, Dean smiled and went over and laid down next to Emma.[Chapter 4] The fallowing morning arrived. Dean was out in the forest searching for materials to help make the cabana larger and stronger when he came across the first of the panther tracks. Indented in some moist soil, Dean knew that the panther they heard on the beach must be nearby to have made the print. Following the tracks for about fifty feet, Dean lost the trail as the jaguar moved into denser jungle. Heading back to where he had started, Dean thought about the day that he had first killed the jaguar that had tried to kill him. He remembered how easily the knife had sliced into the neck of the animal as it descended upon him. He remembered the way that the blood had come gushing out of the wound and covered him with its wet warmth. But, the two things that were most vivid in his mind were the metallic taste of the blood in his mouth and the way that the light had gone out of the eyes of the creature as it laid on the forest floor. Feeling the skin that he was now wearing, Dean smiled and wondered if he would have to face any more of the jaguars that lived on the island. Gathering the materials that he needed for the cabana, Dean headed back making sure to keep the knife in his hand. When Dean arrived at the lagoon, he found Emma gone. Not too worried, Dean started to work on making a device to hold a pot Emma had devised over the fire. Spearing the meat and holding it in the flames cooked the meat, but it was always the chance of under or over cooking their food. Using the makeshift pot, Dean and Emma could reduce the chance of under or over cooking and prevent the juices from falling into the fire. Hearing a rustling in the bushes coming from behind him, Dean picked up his knife and turned to see what approached. Coming from the direction of the beach, Emma appeared eating a banana. At first Dean did not notice, but the moment Emma finished the banana she was eating and threw the peal into the brush, Dean saw that she was now wearing the garment that he had made from some of the jaguar skin. Knowing that she would be self-conscious, Dean returned to his work. After finishing his pot stand which took about two hours, Dean went and gathered his spear and headed to the steam were he did most of the fishing. As Dean approached the area where he usually waded in, he heard footsteps behind him following. Wading into the cool water, he was not surprised to find Emma watching him on the shore as he waited for fish to move closer. Standing still and speaking softly, Dean asked, \"So, how do you like it?\" Looking up into the sky, Emma responded by asking, \"Do you think I will have any problems giving birth here? I know that women have been having babies since man first walked the Earth, but what would we do if there are complications with the birth?\" \"We'll deal with them, like we have dealt with everything else since landing here.\" Dean after a few moments replied trying to spear a fish. Keeping his eyes on the creatures moving under the water, he asked, \"Is it just the birth that has you concerned Em, or is it about what happens afterward?\" Looking over at the young man standing in the water holding a spear ready to pierce a fish, she smiled. \"The larger my belly gets, the more worried I am that we wont be able to provide for our kid and less worried about whether or not there will be problems.\" Seeing a smile appear on his face, Emma asked, \"What?\" Glancing up at her before turning his attention back to the water, \"The larger your belly gets, the more worried I am that we wont be able to provide as well. But then I realize,\" he continued, as he thrust his spear into the water, missing. \"For all the problems that our kid will have growing up on an island, and for all the things that we will not be able to provide, I sometimes think that I'm more scared of what your dad will do to me if we're ever found Prom Queen.\" Emma could not help but giggle as he thrust his spear into the water again. Thinking of her family and friends was still hard for Emma. Dean would see a sad look whenever she was thinking about their old life. At first he would try to cheer her up, but he soon realized that Emma needed these moments for her own sanity. Continuing to watch, Emma asked, \"How long do you think I'll be able to fit in this piece of clothing you made me before I my belly out grows it?\" Thrusting his spear into the water again and coming up with a fish, \"I used some of the material from the clothes that we brought with us to make them. I have enough to make it bigger while we try to figure out how to make more clothes.\" Smiling and getting out of the water, Dean placed the fish he had caught next to her and leaned down to where Emma sat on a rock beside the stream. Kissing her, \"After all, we can't have out kid running around naked.\" Turning and getting back into the water, \"By the way, I was thinking about trying to expand our home by using some of the surrounding trees. What do you think, Em?\" When Dean didn't get a respond right away, he thought that Emma was just thinking, but the silence dragged on, Dean finally turned to see a stunned expression on her face. Slipping out of the water quickly while trying not to startle the fish, Dean walked up to Emma and knelt down in front of her. Taking her face in his hands and directing it so that she was forced to look at him, \"Emma, what's wrong? Come on Prom Queen, don't do this to me.\" Seeming to suddenly realize he was standing in front of her, she asked, \"What did you just say?\" \"About what?\" \"About the lagoon being home.\" Not sure where she was going with this, Dean leaned back. Sitting down, he said, \"I didn't mean it like that Em.\" \"I know,\" she responded immediately. \"But, I never really thought of this place as home until you just said that.\" Seeing the confusion on Dean's face, \"When we first got here, I could not wait to get home. All I could think about was what I was missing in school and everything that my friends and family must be doing.\" \"Yeah.\" Dean said hesitantly. \"We've been here for over eighteen months. I got pregnant here. I'll probably have our baby here.\" Still seeing confusion on his face she said, \"I didn't realize I had started to think of this place as home until you just said that.\" Then smiling, Emma kissed Dean and left to gather supplies, leaving him to wonder if that was good or bad.[Chapter 5] Just a little over two weeks had pasted since Emma had made her surprise declaration about how she now thought of their island as their home. As much as Dean liked that Emma was in a better mood, not having her moments thinking of her family and friends as often, and was even eager to help in the shelter expansion and other work, Dean wondered if he felt the same way. He had accepted that they would not get off the island, but he had yet to start thinking of this place as anything other then where they were living. Dean was gathering oysters on the beach. Emma and Dean both loved when they could make a soup with the oysters, but Dean always had a problem opening the shells once he had returned to the lagoon. Not wanting to ruin his knife, Dean had taken to using a rock to smash the end where the shells joined; he found this was the best method for getting at the meat. Of course, most of the time, the meat found in the shells was very small, not even worth the effort. Dean and Emma had been trying to use the knife less and less. Ever since the lighter that Dean had brought to the island had run out of fuel, Dean had been looking for things that would be able to replace ideas if they lost anything or if something broke. Emma had found two stones that had edges as sharp as razors which they used to mostly clean the fish, but there were still tasks that Dean and Emma would have been lost without the knife. Suddenly he heard a familiar noise. It was the noise that he had heard before the first jaguar had attacked him. Placing the oysters that he had gathered to the side, Dean headed into the jungle to see if he could track the animal. After fallowing the trail for an hour, Dean lost it as it moved out onto a beach, and then back into a different part of the jungle. Hearing the jaguar growling again from within the brush, Dean knew that he would be seeing the animal soon. Emma was sitting by the lagoon repairing one of the nets that Dean used. Both Emma and Dean had quickly been forced to learn a large number of new skills after they had spent a few nights cold and hungry. While the nets vastly improved the chances of Dean catching a fish, Emma had to repair them almost every day, because they were only made from flimsy materials they were able to find on the island. As she sat by the lagoon, she felt something that took her completely by surprise, the first kicks of her unborn child. \"Dean, Dean!\" she cried, wanting Dean to feel a kick before the child stopped. When he came rushing through the trees towards her, Dean was not sure at first what was wrong, but the look on Emma's face quickly put him at ease and raised his curiosity. \"What is it Prom Queen?\" \"Come over here and feel this.\" Once close enough, Emma grabbed his hand and placed it upon her ever expanding middle. When nothing happened at first, Dean was confused. About to ask what was going on, Dean felt something. \"What was that?\" Dean cried feeling the child through Emma's stomach a second time. \"That's our baby.\" Emma replied. Sitting down next to Emma on a large stone, he quickly took hold of her and they waited until they felt the movement again. Dean was cooking some fish when he first heard the movement in the brush a little to the left of the lagoon. Knowing that Emma was taking a swim in the lagoon, Dean quickly collected his knife, the net he used for fishing, and a spear made from an old branch. Slowly getting up, Dean began to move towards the water. Making as little noise as possible, Dean moved through the small amount of jungle that separated him from the lagoon. Upon reaching of the open area around the lagoon, Dean decided to stay concealed in the brush since he could see Emma. She was standing under the water of the falls, and Dean could see that she was enjoying the fact that the weight of her pregnancy was somewhat relieved by the water. Her hair flowed out behind her like streams of brown oil, and her tanned skin seemed to cause the water around her body to glow. Dean watched as water from the falls poured into the lagoon obscuring the details of her form but still allowing a glimpse every few moments. Even with her swollen belly, Emma moved with a grace that Dean had notice the first day on the island. There were times, far fewer then Dean would like, when he would sit back and simply enjoy the sight of Emma walking around where they lived. Hearing movement in the brush again, Dean pulled his eyes away from Emma's form and scanned the area. About a third of the way around the pool, Dean noticed that some of the plants were slowly parting. Protruding from between the plants, Dean saw the muzzle of another jaguar. Silently moving into the water, Dean glided over to the falls where Emma relaxed with her eyes closed. Quickly placing his large hand over her mouth, Dean got behind her and pulled her into his muscled arms. At first she struggled not knowing what was happening, but when he whispered in her ear about the jaguar, she quickly calmed down. Keeping their focus on the animal, Dean and Emma slowly moved to the edge of the lagoon. As Dean held her against his broad chest, he could feel her tremble slightly. Making sure she did not know how scared he also was, Dean whispered encouraging words to Emma. Upon reaching the edge of the water, Dean slipped out and helped Emma onto a rock. She waited naked while Dean went and gathered her clothes. By this time the jaguar had vanished back into the jungle.[Chapter 6] Two more months passed quickly with life quickly falling into a daily pattern. Emma and Dean would wake with the sun's first rays, bathe in the lagoon and eat a small breakfast. After breakfast while Dean went to one of the nearby streams to fish, Emma would begin preparing the food for their midday meal. When Dean returned from fishing, Emma would cook the fish and Dean would work in the small garden the two had begun. Since the garden had yet to produce enough for the two, Dean would then go out foraging, and after gathering either bananas, berries or some other foods which grew on the island, he would return and have their final mean of the day before working on their shelter. Both Dean and Emma had changed since first arriving on the island. Emma was now almost nine months pregnant. While she had gained weight due to the coming child, Emma had also gained some muscle. Her skin, though not pale before arriving, now appeared almost brown, and her hair extended down to her mid-back and generously covered both her breasts. She spent most of her time by the lagoon preparing the food, mending the few usable garments the two had, and expanding on the shelter she and Dean had constructed. If she had not been pregnant Dean knew that Emma would be helping him with the food gathering and exploring the island, like he himself was continuing to do daily. Dean's changes, though, were far more extensive. He had grown at least a good five inches, placing him well over six feet. Since he was unable to measure his height, Dean wondered sometimes how much he had actually grown and if he was still growing. His shoulders were now a good foot wider, and his abs were eight solid bricks. Dean's pectoral muscles jutted forth from his body. His forearms were thick like pythons and his biceps looked like mountains if he flexed them. His legs were two columns of rock hard muscle that were now covered in a moderate amount of hair. Dean's hair had also grown long now coming to his shoulders; while he still did not have much body hair, Dean had grown a respectable beard. Dean mostly gathered food, fished, helped Emma with the construction, and any extra time trying to learn as many other skills as possible. One skill that Dean had been practicing was using his knife for self defense. He had only begun to try to learn this skill after seeing the second panther by the lagoon, but he knew that it might be helpful eventually to be able to defend himself and Emma. He mainly focused on learning to fend off a panther, but for a reason he could not understand, he also sometimes practiced with another person in mind, as if he needed to make sure that if anyone ever came, Dean would be able to stop them if the newcomers were not friendly. The idea that he would have to provide for another mouth was now an ever present thought. The other thought that occupied his mind when not worried about his coming child was the jaguar that they had seen two months back. While he was more concerned with providing food, Dean knew the jaguar would need to be dealt with. He was not going to give the animal the chance to hurt Emma or their child. Dean also had been working on another specific skill; he was learning to track animals through the jungle. Having learned a great deal since loosing the jaguar on the beach, Dean could now follow most trails that an animal left on the island, but he had yet to find the panthers. Returning from savaging the forest, Dean found Emma by the lagoon preparing some of the fish that he had caught. It was when she turned around in her sitting position that he first noticed the look of discomfort on her face. \"Hey, what's wrong Prom Queen?\" He asked as she stood. Before she could answer though, her water broke. Emma would later tell Dean that the look on his face when he saw the water come gushing out, was priceless to behold, but in that moment, Emma was more occupied with the extreme pain that she was suddenly feeling. At first, Dean was frozen; he couldn't think about anything other then the water that had just come out of Emma. When Emma saw the look of shock on Dean's face, she knew she needed to take charge. \"Dean, I need your help!\" She snapped. \"I need to lay somewhere comfortable.\" Coming out of his stupor and moving quickly to Emma's side, Dean led her over to a tree so that she could lean against something as she sat and slipped off the small skirt-like garment that he had made from the jaguar pelt. Dean gathered some large leaves and some other soft material. To say that Dean was unprepared to help Emma was an understatement. Sure he knew what was entailed; they had both gone through the health course their school required, but reality is never perfect. For two hours Dean waited by Emma and held her hand as she gave birth to their son. Every time she squeezed his hand, Dean thought Emma was going to break it. Every time Emma screamed in pain, Den wanted to kill himself. Dean had never been so scared in his life for those two hours. It was Dean who finally pulled the child from her loins; with arms covered in bodily fluids, Dean cut the umbilical cord with a clam shell. As Dean held his son in his large callused hands, he cleaned the blood and birth fluids from the tiny body. Surprised at the blue coloring, small size and the sudden screams that erupted, Dean gently laid the child in Emma's waiting arms. \"Emma, this is our son.\" Dean said as he sat down next to her and held her in his arms. Kissing her, he asked, \"What are we going to name him?\" \"I always liked the name Ezekiel.\" \"Why is that?\" \"I was once told that it meant strength, and from the sound of those lungs,\" she paused, \"he has all the strength he will need.\" Looking up into Dean's eyes, she knew that he thought it was the perfect name.[Chapter 7] When Dean originally jumped into the ocean to save Emma from drowning, he never could have possibly imagined how his life would turn out. Living on a deserted island was not something a person could or even would plan for. It had been five years since Ezekiel had been born, and life on the island had changed dramatically. About five months after Ezekiel was born, Emma announced to Dean that he would soon be a father again. While Dean was thrilled at the idea of being a father again, Ezekiel was running them ragged, and he had no idea how he and Emma were going to deal were another one. After all, the only thing that they had for diapers was large leaves from trees. After another month of hard work, Dean finished construction on a house of sorts. It was far from being something that would pass inspection; made using the materials that were available and incorporating some of the stronger trees, Dean created a dwelling that had two bedrooms and a common room that inclosed what had once been Dean and Emma's camp site. With the fire pit and a few other odds and ends for cooking, Dean and Emma spent most of the time spent in the house in this common room. Any other time was spent either in sleep or enjoying each other's company while Ezekiel slept a few blessed hours. A little over a year after Ezekiel was born, Emma gave birth to a girl. Dean and Emma named her Brigit. It had been Dean's mother's name. Two years after Brigit, Michael and Gabriel came into the world. With four new mouths to feed, Dean and Emma were almost to busy to do anything else, and by now both Emma and Dean did not want anymore children. Throughout these five years, life continued as it had the first few years before and after Ezekiel's birth. Dean hunted, fished and gathered food. Emma maintained the nets, cooked most of the food and mainly took care of the children. Dean continued practicing with his knife and made sure to keep a sharp eye out for the panthers. Emma used what little was left of the pelt and the clothes Dean and Emma arrived in to make some garments for Ezekiel, Brigit, Michael and Gabriel, but mostly the four went naked. It was a hot day on the island. Emma and the children were swimming in the lagoon to try to stay cool. Dean was sitting on one of the rocks that surrounded the water when he heard the first of the rustling in the undergrowth. Barely audible, the movement of the plant life caused Dean to change his entire demeanor. Standing up and acting as casual as possible, Dean said, \"Emma, I going for a walk. You and the kids stay in the water.\" Hearing a strange note in Dean's voice, Emma turned to him and said, \"Is there anything wrong?\" In her arms Michael and Gabriel giggled and smacked the water with their small hands. Almost a year old, the twins would soon be to large for Emma to hold both. \"No, just need to stretch my legs.\" Heading down the path that his family took every day to watch the sunset, Dean made sure that his knife was ready in his hand. Listening, Dean was glad when he heard the soft growls following him from behind. Emma was nervous. While her children played around her, she watched as their father walked down a path by himself. She had heard the change in the tone of his voice, and Emma had also noticed when Dean's demeanor had suddenly much as she wanted to after him to find out, her children were demanding her attention, especially the twins. Desperately trying to get out of her arms so that they might swim with their elder brother and sister, Michael and Gabriel were always getting themselves into trouble. Crawling and almost getting in the fire pit, using sicks that Dean made for fishing as a teether, and many other dangerous events, Dean and Emma liked to joke that they had been given an angel and a devil. They just could not tell which was which. When she heard the growl come through the trees, Emma knew what had caused Dean to leave. Scared, Emma gathered her four children and started getting out of the water. Hearing a human scream in pain, she moved faster, and placing the four in the house and telling them that they would get a reward if nothing happened, Emma rushed toward the sound of another feline growl. When the sound suddenly stopped, Emma's heart skipped a beat, and she began to run. Pushing through the last of some jungle, Emma found Dean lying on the round covered in blood. Next to him, a large cat lay; its throat was cut and there were several stab wounds on the body. Seeing this, Emma rushed over to Dean to see if he was alive. \"Dean, Dean. Please don't be dead. Please, we need you.\" Emma begged as she knelt down beside her lover. Seeing his chest was rising and falling slowly, Emma tried to wake Dean. When he would not come too, Emma looked him over, trying to clean some of the blood off his body. Picking him up, Emma knew she needed to get him to the lagoon and some fresh water. It was an arduous tasked. Dean was well over six feet tall, and with his body as a dead weight, the terrain being difficult did not help. It seem to take forever, but when Emma finally dragged Dean back into their clearing, she was glad that the children were not to be seen. Laying down next to the lagoon, Emma noticed for the first time that Ezekiel and Brigit were standing in the doorway of their home. \"Where are Michael and Gabriel?\" \"On a bed asleep. What happened to Daddy?\" Ezekiel asked, fear obvious in his young voice. \"Mommy, why wont Daddy wake up?\" Brigit asked with tears coming to her eyes. \"Why is he covered in berry juice?\" Seeing that Brigit was about to start crying she said to Ezekiel, \"Ezekiel, I need you to be a big boy for me, okay?\" \"Okay,\" he replied with a nervous tremble in his voice. \"I need you to take your sister inside and make sure that neither you nor your brothers and sister come out until I saw it is alright. I need you to take care of them for me. Can you do that for me?\"Emma was never sure if it was the tone of her voice or the sight of his father laying unconscious covered with blood, but Ezekiel did as he was told pulled his sister back inside. Dragging his massive form to the edge of the lagoon, Emma proceeded to wash the blood off of Dean's body with water. When all the blood was cleaned off, Emma found that Dean had a large slash mark on his chest. Bruising was starting to form around his temple area, and Emma guessed that the jaguar had knocked Dean upside the head before he could kill the animal. Knowing she could do nothing for his head wound, Emma gathered large leaves and some other plants, and after chewing some of the plants into a paste, she applied the paste and covered his chest with the leaves. Gathering some vines, Emma secured the leaves covering Dean's wound. The plant she had chewed into a paste helped heal wounds and reduced pain. Emma discovered their healing qualities not long after Ezekiel's first birthday. Like all children at an early age, Ezekiel's immune system had yet to fully develop. Trying to find something he would eat, Emma had started to taking plants she knew not to be poisonous, and chewing them into a paste, Emma would offer the mess to Ezekiel. This time when Emma finally succeeded in having her boy eat, both parents noticed not long afterwards, Ezekiel's temperature descending and the baby slept more easily, breathing with less difficulty. ","Summary":" They both started running toward the beach, out from under the canopy of the trees. The faint whipp"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"In the Blue Lagoon","Author":"sellaturcica","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8290003","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blue Lagoon: The Awakening – Fan Fiction This part is a lot like the movie in the aspects that I copied the dialogue except for in some choice places, I promise that the next parts will be different, but we have to get them off the island first. It does have a lot more of what I think is going on in their minds as they're fighting and stuff, so that's always fun! Also, if you would like to know a way to watch the movie online, message me and I know of a link that will get you the movie. PART ONE Dean could hear Emma as puked in the grass for the hundredth time. She felt like she was going to pass out. She hated this empty-hungry feeling that made her ache for food when food made her throw up. She felt especially bad for Dean, who had decided that it was his job to wait on her hand and foot. But then again, there wasn't a whole lot else to do. Dean didn't really mind getting her what she needed, in this case, water. They'd grown close on this island. He didn't know what he would do if she didn't get better. \"Do you think it was the fish?\" Dean asked, walking up towards her carrying a makeshift cup of water. He handed her the cup, and she drank gratefully. \"It smelled a little weird,\" Dean added. She took a drink of the water, glad to get the nasty vomit taste out of her mouth. Dean sat down and looked at her, like he was contemplating something. \"Think maybe you're…pregnant?\" he asked. His faced looked like he was hoping that the answer is a strong no. Emma didn't reply. She was too busy thinking. \"No! Well…maybe? I don't know. It's possible,\" she stammered nervously, now worried about the possibility that she was pregnant, stranded on an island. \"Cause it's not that I don't want kids, it's just…y'know,\" he trailed off. \"I know,\" Emma shrugged. \"Yeah,\" Dean nodded, then asked, \"You want kids?\" Something about the way he asked this made her smiled a little. It was as if all she had to do was ask, and he'd try his hardest to get her a kid. \"Someday,\" Emma smiled, though she had a feeling that someday was going to be sooner than she'd originally hoped. Dean smiled a huge goofy grin, and replied, \"Me too.\" He couldn't help but think about being married to Emma, having a house with a yard and small, beautiful baby Emma's running around. Emma reached for a mint leaf, hoping that the nasty taste of vomit would just go away. She winced as she chewed the leaf. The flavor was okay, it was the texture she couldn't get past. \"I'd give anything for some tea right now, some chicken soup, and a sad movie,\" she said. Dean smiled at her yearning for home. He missed home too, which was sad. He thought it was sad that he yearned for the cold, sterile place that he could hardly call home. \"Come here, lie down. I'll make you feel better,\" Dean said, laying down in the makeshift bed that they'd built. She laid next to him, resting her head on his muscular arms and wrapped her arms around his muscled stomach, that seemed to get more and more muscular each day. Dean loved the way her body felt next to his, snuggled in tight. He liked the way their bodies fit like puzzle pieces. It made him feel comforted, and calm. \"Do you ever think about what everybody else is doing?\" Emma asked him. His heart sank. He wished he could give her what she wanted, but he couldn't. He didn't want to ignite false hope, and he didn't want to make her scared that they'd die alone on this stupid island. He caught between a rock and hard place. \"Who's everybody else?\" he asked. \"Friends, family, people out in the world,\" she said. \"We're everybody else now, prom queen.\" Emma didn't know whether to take his reply as him being romantic, which he truly was, or just trying to sugar coat the truth. Then, an old, empty bottle of Fiji water dropped from above, hitting her. \"Ow,\" she said, though it didn't really hurt that badly. More and more old empty bottles of the things that Emma had stored in her bag dropped from above. \"What was that?\" Emma asked, getting up. \"What the-?\" They both jumped up to see a small monkey hoarding all of their old supplies in a tree above them. The monkey continually dropped all of the their supplies, excluding the flare gun. The monkey walked across the branch of the tree, carrying the flare gun, pointed down. If the monkey accidentally shot the flare gun, they were out of luck, in more ways than one. It would inevitably hit them, and they'd also be out of a flare. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop! Stop! Put the gun down, put it down, and step away from the vehicle,\" Dean said. \"C'mon monkey, drop it,\" Emma said. \"No, no, stop, put the gun down!\" Dean continued protesting the monkey while Emma reached for a banana off the bunch that Dean had gathered this morning. \"C'mon little guy, I'll trade you!\" Emma offered, \"Banana for the gun!\" The monkey dropped the gun, and Emma sighed, looking down at it. She had a gut feeling that bartering with the monkey was a huge waste of time. They were never getting off this island. Even though the thought of being stuck here forever had always been in the back of her mind, realizing that she knew it was the truth now, made her heart break a little. \"He didn't even take his banana!\" Dean said. Emma reached down and picked up the flare gun. She made sure both flares were in there. \"You know what?\" Emma asked, holding the flare gun up in the air, and shooting off one of the flares. \"What the hell?\" Dean shouted, \"What did you do that for?\" \"I don't want to hope anymore,\" Emma said. \"YOU'RE ACTING LIKE A CRAZY PERSON!\" Dean yelled, \"WHY DID YOU FIRE THE FLARE?\" \"Oh? I'm the crazy person?\" Emma accused, \"No, see, crazy is thinking that we can survive for more than a year on this stupid island! That's crazy!\" \"We're going to make a life here, Em, it's going to be better, I promise,\" Dean tried to calm her down. He'd come to terms with the fact that they were stuck on this island a long time ago. He knew there was no use trying to worry about something that he had no control over. Emma shot him a dirty look. \"No noise, what's so good out there, anyway?\" \"Life, Dean!\" Emma yelled, \"Life is what's so good out there! Our families, our everything! See, you're crazy if you think I would ever chose to live like this. This is not living! This is surviving!\" Dean watched as the love of his life stormed away. He hated that they always got into the dumbest fights, over things that neither of them could control. He hated it. He didn't want to fight with her, or make her mad. He chased after her, and she pushed him back. \"I WANT TO BE ALONE RIGHT NOW!\" She yelled, tears streaming down her face. He went back to their camp, picked up his spear, and walked to the lagoon. He stared sadly into the water. He felt guilty for being the reason for her tears. He never wanted her to cry. He didn't even want her upset. He'd only seen her cry twice, once when they saw the dead body, and once again after they'd had sex for the first time. Meanwhile, Emma was sitting, looking at the waves as they crashed and lapped up at the beach. They licked the shore, and she felt calmed already. She didn't know why she blew up so big, or why she was crying about it. She'd put poor Dean through so much since he'd tried to save her and they'd ended up here. Had she ever even said thanks for trying to save her? For scrounging up food? For anything he'd done the entire time they were here, surviving? Her heart sunk when she realized that she hadn't. Surely he must know how grateful she was? How much she loved him for being her rock when everything else crumbled. She headed back up the camp, and he wasn't there. She decided to try the lagoon, knowing that he wouldn't have gone far. No matter how much they fought, she doubted that he would ever truly abandon her on the island. She watched him as she walked up to the lagoon. He was looking sadly into the water. She watched as he tried to stab a fish, but missed. \"Any luck?\" she asked. \"No.\" \"I never said thank you,\" Emma said. \"For what?\" \"For saving me,\" Emma replied. He was giving curt, short answers, and she felt bad for making him so angry, \"For being there…here,\" she added. \"Emma,\" Dean started, getting ready to tell her that he didn't need a thank you, but he looked up, thinking he heard something. He looked over at Emma, who was also looking up at the sky, like maybe she'd heard it too. They both started running toward the beach, out from under the canopy of the trees. The faint whipping sound of a helicopter was barely able to be heard in the distance. \"HEY!\" \"HEY!\" \"HEY!\" They both began yelling at the top of their lungs, waving their arms wildly on the beach. \"Where is it?\" Emma asked, referring to the flare gun. \"Here it is, load and shoot, Em,\" Dean said, handing it to her, \"Pull the trigger, Prom Queen.\" Emma shot the flare just as the helicopter was becoming visible. The helicopter got closer, before lowering. Dean grabbed a hold of Emma, and they both were jumping for joy, excited and yelling. They were saved.[Chapter 2] Wow, I'm so glad for all of your positive feedback! I was really happy and surprised! I thought that this might be a flop because there's only one other Blue Lagoon Fan-fiction, but I'm pleased with the success, so I whipped this up really quick. This is where the REAL AU kicks in. PART TWO The helicopter had taken them from the desert island to an inhabited island, and they were exhausted. It wasn't until they realized they were finally safe that they realize just how exhausted they were. From the moment they entered the ritzy hotel, they had cameras and microphones shoved in their faces. Apparently their families had been looking for them, and it had made a bit of a spectacle. Emma looked at Dean to feel a little less bewildered, and he smiled, grabbing her hand and intertwining their fingers. He brought her hand up to his mouth and kissed it, rubbing the back of her hand with his thumb. The past few hours had be a confusing blur. Faceless strangers had talked to them, and they understood that they would be staying here at this hotel for the night to get washed up and new clothes, to sleep and eat. Then they would be sent on a plane home. \"Any requests?\" the kind lady that had taken them from place to place asked. \"Can we share a room?\" Emma asked, \"We haven't been separated in so long, it's scary to think what it would be like to be separated.\" \"One room, two beds?\" the lady asked. \"Sounds good,\" they nodded, knowing that it wouldn't matter if there were two beds; they'd only be using one. \"Also, your room number is being kept a complete secret, so none of the hotel employees know about your situation. You're allowed to get room service, and whatever you want—there's no charge,\" the lady said, \"Rest up, you have a flight tomorrow.\" They were led into an elevator, and shown to their room. They had body guards guarding the front door of the hotel to make sure that no paparazzi riff-raff would interrupt any of their guests' stay. Emma was just glad that they wouldn't have to worry about the annoying, demanding cameras hammering at their door in the middle of the night. In their huge presidential suite was a large table full of food and a closet full of clothes. It seemed weird to think about it, but Emma was the most excited about having soap. The same things she used to take for granted everyday were now her favorite items. The minute that the door shut behind them, leaving Emma and Dean alone for the first time in hours, Dean attacked Emma's lips, kissing her softly but passionately. She gladly responded. It'd been a little weird going through a whole day without small pecks and kisses or long make out sessions with Dean. She craved his touch. \"We're going home, prom queen,\" he smiled against her lips, and her stomach growled loudly, ruining the mood. \"Sorry,\" she blushed. He just smiled and pecked her lips, dragging her to the heaping dining table. They sat and stuffed their faces with pizza, fries, and burgers. They felt like they'd eaten tons, when they'd barely made a dent in the feast on the table. \"I'm going to go take a shower,\" Emma said, getting up from the table and walking to the bathroom. She took a long, hot shower, relaxing in the steam. They'd showered under the freezing blue lagoon for so long that she'd forgotten what a hot shower felt like. She got out after what felt like an eternity, and put some lotion on her dry skin. She loved the feel of her freshly shaved legs, and the smell of shampoo. She didn't bother doing her hair, knowing that she was just going to be sleeping on it anyway. Besides, Dean had a habit of making her hair into a rat's nest. She wrapped a towel around herself, walking out into the main suite. Dean immediately looked up from the TV, and gave a small smirk. No matter how different Dean was from all the other high school boys, he still shared the horny teenage boy mentality. She picked out a t-shirt and a pair of knit shorts, knowing that there was no need to try and impress Dean now. \"The only thing on the news is about us,\" he said, his voice a little bit husky and raw as he watched her get dressed, \"They did look for us…for a long time, apparently.\" She walked over and sat on Dean's lap, pecking his lips. He kissed her back, greedily, and she pulled away. \"Go take a shower, you stink,\" she crinkled up her nose in faux disgust, getting up from his lap. He got up, and walked to the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. Emma sat down on the cushy couch, and watched the news that Dean had left on. \"Teenagers Emma Robinson and Dean McMullen were found this morning on a stranded island alive. It's truly miraculous how they managed to survive all this time on the island. Their families searched for months and months, and were forced to give up, but they received some happy news when the teens were found alive and well. We go now to Lewis, who is outside of the hotel that it is rumored that they're staying at. Lewis?\" an annoying newscaster lady with a nasally voice said. \"The hotel behind me is being tight lipped about the acknowledgment of the teens in the hotel. They've got a perimeter blocked off and guards blocking the doors to keep the paparazzi out. The paparazzi did, however, manage to catch a few photos of the teens, who were holding hands. There is some speculation that the two might be a couple, but there is no confirmation of the two actually kissing, only Dean kissing her hand a few times. What we do know that the teens are alive, safe, and well. Back to you, Tess,\" the guy named Lewis said. \"Who really knows if the teens are a couple, I mean, they obviously had to have gotten close on the island. There wasn't anyone else around. Whether they're friends or a couple, or enemies, we'd like to wish them the best,\" annoying lady Tess said. Emma turned off the TV, not wanting to hear any more. She hated the press asking questions about their relationship when she didn't know the answers herself. They'd never defined their relationship. There really wasn't much of a need. It wasn't like someone was going to steal him away. He couldn't trade for a better girl. But now he could. Emma thought back to earlier, when Dean and Emma had been separated shortly after landing in the helicopter. They were checked out by doctors and nurses, and she was bewildered by the numbers of faces going in and out of the small doctor's room. \"The blood results are back in, and there is some surprising news, Emma,\" the kind, smiling face of Doctor Melissa had said. \"Hm?\" Emma looked up, listening for the first time since she'd been drug into this doctor's office. \"You're pregnant,\" Doctor Melissa had said. Emma's heart sunk and pounded in her chest. She didn't know what to feel. Automatically, her hand moved to her belly. \"I am?\" \"You are, very pregnant, about seven weeks along,\" Doctor Melissa said. \"Does anyone else know?\" \"No, just you and me. Was this baby planned? I'm guessing not.\" \"It wasn't planned, no. Could you do me a favor and not tell anyone, at all? I…I want this to be kept a secret,\" Emma said. \"Are you thinking of an abortion…?\" Doctor Melissa asked. \"No,\" Emma found herself saying without much thought. \"Okay, well. I think you should consider your options. I won't tell anyone as long as you promise to go to an OBGYN as soon as you're back home, promise?\" Doctor Melissa asked. \"I promise,\" Emma had said. \"Hey prom queen,\" Dean's voice jarred her from her thoughts. \"Hm?\" she looked up at shirtless Dean, with a white towel wrapped lowly around his waist. Water spotted his back. \"You okay?\" he asked, grabbing a pair of boxer-briefs and slipping them on. \"Yeah, I'm fine. Just thinking,\" she replied. \"Want to go to bed?\" Dean asked, yawning. She nodded, and got up, walking over to one of the beds, pulling back the covers and lying down. Dean lay beside her, studying her expression carefully. \"What's wrong, prom queen?\" he asked her. \"I just…,\" she started, \"What are we?\" she asked. \"What do you mean?\" \"Are we friends? Are we dating? Are we fucking? Are we something?\" \"Emma, is this what you were worrying about?\" he relaxed, \"We can be whatever you want, Emma. I didn't think it needed much saying, but I guess does. Emmaline Robinson, I love you. I love you more than I thought I would ever love anybody. If you want me to formally ask you to be my girlfriend, then I will. Hell, if you want me to ask you to marry me, I will,\" he said, and kissed her. She smiled. He was a romantic at heart, really. He'd been nothing but sweet to her. They lay silent after a few minutes of kissing. \"Prom queen?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Will you be my girlfriend?\" \"Yes,\" she laughed, and he pecked her lips. \"Now, would you like to tell me what else is bothering you?\" he asked. \"Um,\" she stammered, \"Well, what do you think about having kids now?\" He fell silent for a moment. \"You're pregnant?\" His hands grabbed her hips gently, softly rubbing his thumbs over her tummy. \"Almost two months along,\" she replied with tears in her eyes. \"Don't cry, it's okay. It's going to be okay,\" He pulled her into him, and she buried her face in the crook of his neck. He wasn't letting his nervous side show, but he was shaking. He was going to be dad? \"I found out earlier, when the doctors were checking us over,\" she explained. \"Does anybody else know? Is this going to get leaked to the press before we can tell our parents?\" he asked. \"No. Just you and me. And the doctor. But she said she wasn't going to tell,\" Emma said, the started crying again, \"What are the kids at school going to say? What are my parents going to say? What is your dad going to say?\" \"Sh, we'll cross that bridge when we get there,\" he said. He continued cooing her to sleep in his arms. He didn't know what to think. It was like he almost loved her more because of this. He hated himself for not being more careful. But most of all, he was just scared. He wouldn't be a good dad. It wasn't like he had much of a teacher.[Chapter 3] Hey guys! I get so happy with the great response! Anyway, this is going to have to tide you over for a while, because I have band camp in the next weeks along with my fair and I start school, (sophomore, yay.) So you may have to wait a bit. But anyway, I don't own Blue Lagoon or Facebook or any other proper names I used in here. Part Three Dean grabbed Emma's hand as they exited the plane terminal. They were finally back home. Back in the US, where cameras were flashing and going crazy. They stepped up on the down escalator, and looked down. The familiar faces made Dean and Emma smile. They reached the bottom, and Dean still had a grip on her hand, Emma was immediately swarmed by a group of crying girls. He couldn't help but smile, she was his prom queen, alright. He let her go and be enveloped by her crying friends and family. Dean spotted his dad, and hugged him. It was in that moment that Dean realized that his dad may not have always been there for him, but he had good intentions. His mother's death was hard on both of them. All of their past mistakes and errors in their relationship didn't matter anymore. Dean and his dad left the crowd to get in the expensive, shiny black car that his dad loved so much. Dean didn't let it show, but inside he was worried about Emma. He wondered how she was doing, and if she was okay. He tried to keep his eyes on her as they walked away Emma searched the mob of friends and family for the one face that she actually longed to see. She watched as he left with his dad, and she smiled. They seemed happy. She was happy. She was home. It was all she'd hoped for in a long time. She just missed the one thing that hadn't left or changed in her life, but he'd walked out the door with his dad, like he should. She was ushered out of the airport with her family, and her friends tagging along behind. Behind them were a group of paparazzi that was trying to push through the security. She waved goodbye to her friends, promising them that they'd hang out later. For now she just needed her room, a real bed. Her closet, her sheets. She needed to be home, but most of all she needed Dean. \"I'm sure you're tired,\" her mom said. \"I am,\" Emma said, not realizing just how exhausted she was. Finally being to the US, finally seeing her family again for ages. She felt like she could just relax now, that things were going to be alright. \"We'll get you home and then you can rest,\" her mom smiled back at her in the car. She watched out the car window as the familiar houses and trees flew by her. She wasn't sure if things had changed, or if she just didn't remember them as well. She felt weird to be back here, it was like everything was foreign, but yet it was all the same at the same time. Dean sat in his room, not really sure of what to do. It was weird, now that he could anything and everything, he didn't want to do any of them. He was glad to be on good terms with his dad again, but there was really only one thing haunting his mind: Emma. Dean walked down the stairs and found his father in the living room sitting on the brown leather couch. \"Hey dad,\" Dean said and sat down beside his father, \"I was thinking that maybe I could go and see how Emma is doing.\" \"Something happen between you two on the island?\" his father smirked knowingly. \"Sort of,\" Dean wasn't sure how to reply. \"Have fun,\" his father said, and Dean was off to Emma's. He tapped on her window, knowing that it was late and he didn't really want to wake her whole family. \"Hey!\" her whole face smiled when she opened the window. \"Hey,\" he said. \"What're you doing here?\" Emma asked. \"I wanted to check on you, first night back and all,\" Dean said and Emma wanted to melt at how sweet this boy was. \"I was just looking Facebook and stuff,\" Emma said, shrugging. \"Weird being back, huh?\" Dean asked. \"Yeah,\" Emma said, immediately thinking about the baby. How could she tell them? 'Yeah, while you were out thinking I was dead, I was fucking Dean, and now I'm going to have his baby, because condoms don't grow on trees in the wild.' Yeah, that'd be a great way to tell them. \"They said we didn't have to go back to school right away,\" Emma said, and Dean wanted to laugh, she hadn't even been back a day and she was already concerned with school. \"Yeah I know,\" Dean smiled. \"I think I'm going to go next week, though,\" Emma said. \"Of course you are,\" Dean grinned. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Emma asked. \"Nothing,\" Dean laughed, \"I guess summer's over, huh?\" \"You're talking in code…,\" Emma was confused. \"My dad told me about your party,\" Dean said. \"Yeah, my mom's throwing it. It's like a homecoming thing. You should come…,\" Emma trailed off, hoping that he would catch her drift. She'd begged her mom to keep it a small party, just her family and Dean's, and she'd finally agreed. Dean leaned in, and Emma smiled as his lips pressed against hers. \"Stop smiling so I can kiss you,\" Dean growled, his hot breath on her face. She knew he was just being playful; he wasn't really the possessive type. Dean climbed through her window, and they continued kissing on her bed. Emma was just glad to have Dean back. It was weird not being able to turn around and see him there. It would take some getting used to, in the very least.[Chapter 4] Thanks for being patient. I was busy for a while with band camp and nine days of my county fair. Sad to say, my sophomore year of high school begins Wednesday. Part Four I'm screwed. These two words were swirling around in Emma's mind non-stop. She was standing in front of her full length mirror, wearing a strapless teal summer dress. She had her hands on her belly, wondering if she were the only one that had noticed her slight weight gain. She wasn't sure if it was from the baby or from the excessive eating. The week had been hard. Morning sickness had hit her hard, and she'd had to lie to mother, making up some excuse about how her stomach was having trouble handling 'normal' foods when she was used to a diet of fruits and the occasional fish. Luckily, she'd bought it. Today, Emma and Dean had their first group therapy. It had been suggested that they go to a therapist to help them adjust, and that maybe it would be the best if they went together to work out their problems. \"Emma, Dean is here to pick you up for group!\" Emma's mother's voice echoed in the hallway. Emma walked outside, and saw Dean leaning against his silver sports car. \"Hey Prom Queen,\" Dean smiled when he saw her. She walked calmly to the car, but he could see her inner turmoil. Dean leaned in for a kiss, and she backed away. \"My mom,\" she said and pointed to the window, where her mother's figure could be made out just barely. \"Right,\" Dean said, and opened her car door for her, helping her in. He quickly raced over to his side of the car and sat down. He leaned across the car to catch her lips with his. He kissed her soft pink lips with a growing intensity. \"Thank god for tinted windows,\" he breathed, and she laughed. He loved her laugh. He loved making her laugh. He loved her with every fiber in his being. They drove in silence to the therapist's office. They were used to silence. They understood each other in ways that no one else ever could. Back on the island, words weren't always necessary. \"Hi! I'm guessing you two are here for Dr. Madigan's morning appointment.\" An annoyingly cheery receptionist said. Emma wasn't sure why this lady irritated her so much, but she did. \"Yeah,\" Dean replied. \"Go on back!\" the lady said, and Dean grabbed Emma's hand, pulling her towards the door. \"Welcome! You must be Dean, and you're Emma,\" Dr. Madigan said. He was man of probably only thirty, and Emma couldn't figure out why this guy wanted to hear about people's emotional problems for the rest of his life. \"Please, sit,\" Dr. Madigan said, and they did as told, Dean's hand still holding Emma's for reassurance. \"I just want you to know that whatever you guys say in here is completely confidential, and will in no way, shape, or form be revealed to anyone outside of this room, ever,\" Dr. Madigan said, \"Let's start by talking about some emotions that you're feeling since you've been found.\" \"Scared,\" Emma said after a few seconds of silence. \"Scared,\" Dean agreed, knowing that she was scared about the baby, and he felt mutually, \"But happy.\" \"Happy?\" Emma questioned. \"Happy,\" he kissed her hand, though it was still intertwined with his. \"Relieved,\" Emma said. \"Better.\" \"Guilty,\" Emma mumbled. \"Tell me what it was like on the island in one word,\" Dr. Madigan scribbled furiously. \"Euphoric,\" Dean said. \"Peaceful,\" Emma said. \"Both of those words have positive connotations. That's not something I would expect from two teens after going through a traumatic experience. Are you glad you're home? Or do you wish you'd never been found?\" \"A little of both,\" they said at the same time. \"Would you like to talk about what happened?\" Dr. Madigan asked. They told him everything from what they felt, to what happened, to now. Leaving out the details of the countless times they'd had sex and when Emma found out about the baby. \"Excuse me,\" Emma said and ran off to the attached bathroom, where she threw up her small breakfast. \"Babe, are you okay?\" Dean said behind the door. \"I'm fine.\" Emma replied and washed her face with some cold water and took a drink from the faucet. She walked back out to the couch, and sat down. \"I have a feeling I didn't get the whole story,\" Dr. Madigan said. \"Babe, you want to tell him or do you want me to?\" Dean asked the beautiful girl resting her head on his shoulder. She didn't respond, but a tear slid down her cheek. \"There's more to you two than just classmates that got stuck together, isn't there?\" Dr. Madigan asked. \"Yeah,\" Dean said, \"We had sex. More than once. While we were on the island. Well, contraception doesn't grow in the wild.\" \"She's pregnant?\" Dr. Madigan asked. \"Yeah,\" Dean looked down at his feet. \"How many people know?\" \"Just us, and you, and the doctor that checked us out right after we were found,\" Dean said. Dr. Madigan sighed, and Emma couldn't help but think that he was silently complaining about this. He didn't sign up to deal with teenage pregnancies. Just post-traumatic stress. \"You have to tell your parents, you know? Go to a doctor?\" Dr. Madigan sighed.[Chapter 5] This is not a chapter, but if you are reading my story and praying for a speedy update, then listen up. Most of my first chapter (all but the last few paragraphs) has been stolen and reposted under a new story called, \"LIFE\" by celticsouthern. I found out through another story under Blue Lagoon, a great one by linger1536. They also had some of their writing stolen. None of celticsouthern's first chapter has been written by them. Both, linger1536 and I have asked for the story to be taken down or fixed. Celticsouthern replied to linger1536, saying that they didn't have their facts straight and then proceeded to block them. I posted a review on the chapter, containing quite a few cuss words, so I'm sure I came off as a bitch. Which I can be a bitch, easily. But truly, I'm not a bitchy person until you do shit like this to me. I find it rude to know that my work has been reposted without permission or credit. As a result, I refuse to update until this problem is resolved and my work is taken off of their chapter. If you want to help speed the process along, report the story as stolen and review their story, asking them to fix it, until it is fixed. Here is what has been stolen from me: Dean could hear Emma as puked in the grass for the hundredth time. She felt like she was going to pass out. She hated this empty-hungry feeling that made her ache for food when food made her throw up. She felt especially bad for Dean, who had decided that it was his job to wait on her hand and foot. But then again, there wasn't a whole lot else to do. Dean didn't really mind getting her what she needed, in this case, water. They'd grown close on this island. He didn't know what he would do if she didn't get better. \"Do you think it was the fish?\" Dean asked, walking up towards her carrying a makeshift cup of water. He handed her the cup, and she drank gratefully. \"It smelled a little weird,\" Dean added. She took a drink of the water, glad to get the nasty vomit taste out of her mouth. Dean sat down and looked at her, like he was contemplating something. \"Think maybe you're…pregnant?\" he asked. His faced looked like he was hoping that the answer is a strong no. Emma didn't reply. She was too busy thinking. \"No! Well…maybe? I don't know. It's possible,\" she stammered nervously, now worried about the possibility that she was pregnant, stranded on an island. \"Cause it's not that I don't want kids, it's just…y'know,\" he trailed off. \"I know,\" Emma shrugged. \"Yeah,\" Dean nodded, then asked, \"You want kids?\" Something about the way he asked this made her smiled a little. It was as if all she had to do was ask, and he'd try his hardest to get her a kid. \"Someday,\" Emma smiled, though she had a feeling that someday was going to be sooner than she'd originally hoped. Dean smiled a huge goofy grin, and replied, \"Me too.\" He couldn't help but think about being married to Emma, having a house with a yard and small, beautiful baby Emma's running around. Emma reached for a mint leaf, hoping that the nasty taste of vomit would just go away. She winced as she chewed the leaf. The flavor was okay, it was the texture she couldn't get past. \"I'd give anything for some toothpaste right now, some chicken soup, and a sad movie,\" she said. Dean smiled at her yearning for home. He missed home too, which was sad. He thought it was sad that he yearned for the cold, sterile place that he could hardly call home. \"Come here, lie down. I'll make you feel better,\" Dean said, laying down in the makeshift bed that they'd built. She laid next to him, resting her head on his muscular arms and wrapped her arms around his muscled stomach, that seemed to get more and more muscular each day. Dean loved the way her body felt next to his, snuggled in tight. He liked the way their bodies fit like puzzle pieces. It made him feel comforted, and calm. \"Do you ever think about what everybody else is doing?\" Emma asked him. His heart sank. He wished he could give her what she wanted, but he couldn't. He didn't want to ignite false hope, and he didn't want to make her scared that they'd die alone on this stupid island. He caught between a rock and hard place. \"Who's everybody else?\" he asked. \"Friends, family, people out in the world,\" she said. \"We're everybody else now, prom queen.\" Emma didn't know whether to take his reply as him being romantic, which he truly was, or just trying to sugar coat the truth. Then, an old, empty bottle of Fiji water dropped from above, hitting her. \"Ow,\" she said, though it didn't really hurt that badly. More and more old empty bottles of the things that Emma had stored in her bag dropped from above. \"What was that?\" Emma asked, getting up. \"What the-?\" They both jumped up to see a small monkey hoarding all of their old supplies in a tree above them. The monkey continually dropped all of the their supplies, excluding the flare gun. The monkey walked across the branch of the tree, carrying the flare gun, pointed down. If the monkey accidentally shot the flare gun, they were out of luck, in more ways than one. It would inevitably hit them, and they'd also be out of a flare. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop! Stop! Put the gun down, put it down, and step away from the vehicle,\" Dean said. \"C'mon monkey, drop it,\" Emma said. \"No, no, stop, put the gun down!\" Dean continued protesting the monkey while Emma reached for a banana off the bunch that Dean had gathered this morning. \"C'mon little guy, I'll trade you!\" Emma offered, \"Banana for the gun!\" The monkey dropped the gun, and Emma sighed, looking down at it. She had a gut feeling that bartering with the monkey was a huge waste of time. They were never getting off this island. Even though the thought of being stuck here forever had always been in the back of her mind, realizing that she knew it was the truth now, made her heart break a little. \"He didn't even take his banana!\" Dean said. Emma reached down and picked up the flare gun. She made sure both flares were in there. \"You know what?\" Emma asked, holding the flare gun up in the air, and shooting off one of the flares. \"What the hell?\" Dean shouted, \"What did you do that for?\" \"I don't want to hope anymore,\" Emma said. \"YOU'RE ACTING LIKE A CRAZY PERSON!\" Dean yelled, \"WHY DID YOU FIRE THE FLARE?\" \"Oh? I'm the crazy person?\" Emma accused, \"No, see, crazy is thinking that we can survive for more than a year on this stupid island! That's crazy!\" \"We're going to make a life here, Em, it's going to be better, I promise,\" Dean tried to calm her down. He'd come to terms with the fact that they were stuck on this island a long time ago. He knew there was no use trying to worry about something that he had no control over. Plus, ever since he had killed the jaguar, he had felt stronger and more alive then he had ever felt before in his life. That they had eaten the jaguar meat had only helped Dean feel more at home on the island. Emma shot him a dirty look. \"No noise, what's so good out there, anyway?\" \"Life, Dean!\" Emma yelled, \"Life is what's so good out there! Our families, our everything! See, you're crazy if you think I would ever chose to live like this. This is not living! This is surviving!\" Dean watched as the love of his life stormed away. He hated that they always got into the dumbest fights, over things that neither of them could control. He hated it. He didn't want to fight with her, or make her mad. He chased after her, and she pushed him back. \"I WANT TO BE ALONE RIGHT NOW!\" She yelled, tears streaming down her face. He went back to their camp, picked up his spear, and walked to the lagoon. He stared sadly into the water. He felt guilty for being the reason for her tears. He never wanted her to cry. He didn't even want her upset. He'd only seen her cry twice, once when they saw the dead body, and once again after they'd had sex for the first time. Looking over at an area that always received sunlight, he saw that the jaguar hide they were tanning looked to be ready. It had been a few days since the animal had attacked, but Dean could sometimes almost hear the jaguar breathing behind him. They had not been able to save as much of the hide as Dean would have liked, but considering that neither he or Emma had ever tanned a hide before, they were lucky that they had been able to use some of it at all. Meanwhile, Emma was sitting, looking at the waves as they crashed and lapped up at the beach. They licked the shore, and she felt calmed already. She didn't know why she blew up so big, or why she was crying about it. She'd put poor Dean through so much since he'd tried to save her and they'd ended up here. Had she ever even said thanks for trying to save her? For scrounging up food? For anything he'd done the entire time they were here, surviving? Her heart sunk when she realized that she hadn't. Surely he must know how grateful she was? How much she loved him for being her rock when everything else crumbled. She headed back up the camp, and he wasn't there. She decided to try the lagoon, knowing that he wouldn't have gone far. No matter how much they fought, she doubted that he would ever truly abandon her on the island. She watched him as she walked up to the lagoon. He was looking sadly into the water. She watched as he tried to stab a fish, but missed. \"Any luck?\" she asked. \"No.\" \"I never said thank you,\" Emma said. \"For what?\" \"For saving me,\" Emma replied. He was giving curt, short answers, and she felt bad for making him so angry, \"For being there…here,\" she added. \"Emma,\" Dean started, getting ready to tell her that he didn't need a thank you, but he looked up, thinking he heard something. He looked over at Emma, who was also looking up at the sky, like maybe she'd heard it too. They both started running toward the beach, out from under the canopy of the trees. The faint whipping sound of a helicopter was barely able to be heard in the distance. \"HEY!\" \"HEY!\" \"HEY!\" They both began yelling at the top of their lungs, waving their arms wildly on the beach. \"Where is it?\" Emma asked, referring to the flare gun. \"Here it is, load and shoot, Em,\" Dean said, handing it to her, \"Pull the trigger, Prom Queen.\" AS YOU CAN SEE IT'S A LARGE PORTION. I understand if they copy just the quotes, because they are straight out of the movie, but the added words and thoughts are all mine and need to be removed.[Chapter 6] Since CelticSouthern deleted their Blue Lagoon story, here is an update for y'all. (: Part Five Emma sighed as she finished her makeup. She was wearing a baby doll dress she'd found in the back of her closet. Tonight was the night that Jack and Dean were coming over to her house for dinner. Tonight was the night that they told their parents. \"Emma, come down and help with dinner!\" Her mother called up the stairs. She walked down the stairs, counting them as she walked down, a habit she'd always had without noticing. She started cutting up vegetables for a vegetable tray, and jumped when the doorbell rang. \"I'll get it,\" Emma said, wiping her hands on the dish towel and walking out into the foyer. She took a deep breath and opened the door, smiling. \"Hey prom queen,\" Dean said, walking in with his father, who was carrying a store bought cheesecake. \"I would have made something, but I'm not at all good at cooking,\" Jack chuckled. \"It's fine! Come in!\" Emma smiled. \"Mr. McMullen, come on in!\" Emma's father called to Jack from the living room doorway, \"The game's on!\" \"How're you feeling?\" Dean asked her. \"You know, same old, same old, wake up, puke your guts out, eat, puke it up, and keep going,\" she said. \"I'm sorry,\" he sighed. \"It's not your fault,\" Emma shrugged. \"Yes it is,\" Dean said. \"It's just as much your fault as it is mine,\" Emma settled. Once Emma's mom set the table, they all sat down to eat. Emma and Dean sat beside each other, holding hands underneath the table. It took just a glance between the two for them to each understand what the other was thinking. They just understood each other, in ways that even they would never be able to understand. It was the result of not being separated and surviving together. \"What was it like on the island?\" Stacey blurted out Emma and Dean didn't reply at first, millions of thoughts spiraling through their minds, not knowing how to respond. \"Stacey!\" Emma's mother scolded her youngest daughter. \"Sorry,\" she mumbled and scooted her food around her plate. \"No, it's fine. It was beautiful, but lonely, and scary,\" Dean answered, reflecting on the days in the hellish paradise, \"The nights were cold,\" he added, laughing, thinking of the nights Emma spent curled into him, not that he minded. \"I hope the food doesn't make you sick. Emma's been having the worst time keeping normal food down. I guess her stomach isn't adjusting,\" Emma's mother said. \"That's strange, Dean hasn't had any troubles, hell, the boy's been eating me out of house and home, practically,\" Jack chuckled, \"Are you sure that Emma doesn't have some kind of exotic bug?\" \"They got checked out when they were found. Maybe I should still take her to the doctor,\" Emma's mom sighed. Emma watched as their parents talked, her stomach dropping and filling with butterflies. She just wanted to puke. Dean squeezed her hand reassuringly, and she sighed. \"Mom, dad, Jack,\" Emma's voice shook as she talked. \"Dean and I are dating,\" she started. \"Well, that obvious,\" Jack chuckled, and Emma's parents joined in. \"I mean, you guys are like attached at the hip.\" \"That's not all,\" Dean interrupted them. \"I'm…,\" Emma sighed, tears filling her eyes. \"I'm pregnant,\" she finished. Her mother paled while her father's face got red, and Jack just sat there in shock. \"What about college, Emma? Do you not realize that your foolish mistakes have ruined your future? You're going to be the trash of your generation. All of our hard work was wasted all because you couldn't keep it in your pants with this stupid boy,\" her mother spat out. Emma's eyes overflowed with tears. \"DON'T YOU DARE TALK TO HER LIKE THAT,\" Dean yelled, standing up. He was beyond irate. His usual calm countenance was long gone, and replaced with anger that almost scared Emma. \"I'll talk to her as I please. She's my whore of a daughter! I'm going to be the laughingstock of my friends,\" Emma's mother sighed. \"Did he take advantage of you?\" Emma's father asked his oldest daughter. \"No,\" Emma choked out a broken sob. \"Get out. We don't need whores like you in our family,\" he said sternly. Dean wrapped his arms around the bawling love of his life, ushering her outside with his father following behind. Jack didn't know quite what to think, except that the poor girl didn't deserve such harsh treatment from her family. The same family that fought to get her back were pushing her away because she'd made a mistake. \"It'll be okay, Em,\" Dean comforted the sobbing girl, holding her in his lap in the back seat of their car as she sobbed. \"I'm so sorry,\" Dean said, \"I'm so sorry. It's my fault. I should've been more careful. I didn't think at the time.\" \"It's not your fault,\" Emma finally replied after her bawling had subsided. \"It'll be alright, Em,\" Dean pecked her forehead. \"Emma, you're welcome to stay with us for as long as you want. You'll always be welcome here.\" Jack said as he pulled into their driveway.[Chapter 7] I'm sorry this took so long, but I'm kind of busy and stressed with school and I haven't had time to breathe. I'd like to thank all of you who reviewed; you're lovely. I especially loved the harsh ones about Emma's parents. I agree with you, kind of. Me, as a person, if I had a kid and they disappeared, they'd probably never leave my sight again. But to me, I can't feel Emma's parents feeling exactly the same. To me, I felt like they were pushy and kind of laid their dreams on Emma, so perhaps she got pregnant, making their dream impossible (or slightly less possible), they'd be kind of pissed. But this is just my view, anyway, I hope you all enjoy! (: Emma woke up, snuggled into a shirtless Dean. His bed smelled like his intoxicating scent, his blankets thick and warm, loosely covering the couple. Their legs were intertwined, Emma's freezing feet being kept warm between Dean's legs. After they'd gotten to Dean's house, she took a shower, washing her teary makeup off her face. Dean gave her a pair of too-big sweatpants and a huge t-shirt to sleep in. He'd been nothing but sweet to her from day one. She leaned in and peck his lips, even though he was sleeping. She pulled away, and his strong arms pulled her back in, kissing her hard on the lips. \"Morning prom queen,\" he smiled against her lips kissing her again. \"Thank you,\" she whispered. \"For?\" \"Being there for me. For taking me in. For being awesome,\" Emma sighed, not knowing how to put exactly how grateful she was into words to express her gratitude. \"You don't need to thank me for that stuff. I do it because I want to. Because I love you,\" he said. \"I love you too,\" she said and pecked his lips. \"So,\" Dean smirked, \"Care to join me in the shower?\" \"Your dad…?\" Emma asked, red faced. She didn't want the kind man to recant his offer on account of them not behaving like teenagers should. \"Emma, you're already pregnant. I'm sure he knows that we've had sex before,\" Dean laughed. Dean and Emma walked down the stairs after their shower. Jack was sitting at the dining table, sipping black coffee and reading a newspaper. Dean opened the fridge and got out some eggs, making omelets. \"Emma, I hope you don't mind, but I went ahead and made an appointment at an OBGYN. I assume you haven't been to a doctor yet, and I really think you should go as soon as possible just to make sure everything is okay,\" Jack said. \"No, I don't mind. Thank you, so much, for everything,\" Emma said. \"It's no problem at all. You're practically family,\" Jack said, \"Have you given any thought as to what you plan to do with the baby?\" Dean and Emma hadn't discussed anything, truly. Nothing was set in stone. Emma didn't have the heart to have an abortion. She couldn't bear the thought of killing a little life that she's created, not even giving it a chance to live. She wasn't ready to be a mom, though. Not at all. The only mom she'd had was the mom that lived live vicariously through hers. She didn't want that for her baby. She wouldn't do that to them. But what if she did, unintentionally? She hadn't been taught otherwise. She wasn't sure if she could handle adoption. Having the baby only to be ripped from her grasp and given to strangers, only to leave her wondering what happened to the little life they'd made on the island. Meanwhile, Dean was having a mental breakdown of his own. Did she want an abortion? Dean couldn't bear to think about killing the little life they'd created. He wasn't ready to be a father, that's for sure. Adoption was always an option, but Dean knew that a part of him would always wonder what if. But then there was the whole issue about it being Emma's body. He had no control over what she ultimately decided. He wouldn't be able to blame her for not wanting to go through the changes involving having a baby. People weren't always the nicest when it came to things like this. She'd probably be labeled a slut for the rest of her life. He couldn't do that to her. \"No,\" Dean and Emma replied at the same time. They shared a terrified glance at one another, mentally reminding each other to bring it up later. ","Summary":" Blue Lagoon: The Awakening – Fan Fiction This part is a lot like the movie in the aspects that I co"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Sister of a outlaw: Rubyflower","Author":"DimensionTraveler23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11513512","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi, Rubyflower here. Family and friends call me Ruby for short. I am a warrior of the Sierra Travelers. I have a apprentice, Pinepaw, soon to be a warrior as well. My home is a well-preserved headquarters for my clan, and there we keep a beloved secret. A world/dimension portal, in fact. Many, many warriors has already found homes in their chosen worlds. For me, my chosen world is Disney's 1973 Robin Hood. This version is one I particularly believed in, plus being anthropic animals gotcha to be cool. I always wanted to aid Robin, have adventures, and hopefully find what I'm missing in my heart. As you all may guessed, I want to be a fox like Robin himself. It was a cool spring morning, and I was giving Pinepaw some points upon attacking the enemy effortlessly. I was wearing a feminine version of Robin's clothes. I took to wear a soft blue tunic, a copper blue skirt, sky blue leggings, and soft blue shoes. We were outside Upworld House which contains our home underground, HQ if you will. Then we heard shouts. Sunrise and some others who were hanging around Upworld House came out to join us. \"Any idea what that was?\". I asked Sunrise promptly. Sunrise sighed, \"I have a bad feeling, but we better check this out.\". I nodded in respect. It was Sunrise, Reedpaw, Lancefang, Goldfur, Pinepaw, and myself as we ran to the source of the shouts. We came to the south border where beyond the South Siders gang lives at. We saw in surprise and shock, a gang member protecting a warrior of ours, Leafpelt. Some distance in a threatening mood, we recognized Tazer and some familiar followers, through we didn't recognize Leafpelt's protector. \"Tazer, leave me and my mate alone! She doesn't want to see this, and I don't want her hurt.\". Leafpelt's protector snarled indicting that he doesn't want to harm Leafpelt. Tazer chuckled maliciously, \"Fang, you betrayed us over a girl. You deserve to be dead.\". Fang, Leafpelt's supposed mate looks like caucasian, muddy brown eyes, and roguish dirty blonde hair, wearing a dark green torn shirt, dirty blue pants, rusty brown boots. I could distantly see a necklace of a wolf fang hanging on himself. His stature is stocky on the low side, and I think he's like 6 ft high. Fang snorted, \"I have quit that name months ago once I met my Leafpelt, and my true name is Miles. I didn't betray you all, I simply left that life behind me.\". He held his head high and proudly, and I glanced to see Leafpelt smiling in triumph and love. Tazer snorted in anger, \"Then it's time to settle this for once and all, exile!\". Miles sighed heavily, and turned to assist Leafpelt up, and brought her to Sunrise gently, and to my surprise, I distinctly could see a small budge within Leafpelt, and realized that she's pregnant! He whispered to her quietly, and Leafpelt sobbed, giving a soft nod. Miles turned into the direction of Tazer who's strangely missing his dagger, then everything became so fast. Miles fought like a two-legged wolf which preceded his old name. Tazer fought more like a humanized shark which makes sense of his long-held name. I was awestruck as my clanmates was as well. Leafpelt whispered, \"Tazer's challenging Miles for domination and name. Miles hated fighting, but this way, he told me that he fought many to get where he was at, until he changed his mind about the South Siders when he met me long ago.\". The fight was fierce, and both received injuries, and some leaked blood, some didn't. When they finished, Miles sported injuries around the chest, shoulders, face. Tazer was marginally worse, his injuries was more around the neck, face, and arms. Miles won the fight. As winner of the fight, he was able to tell the followers to pick up Tazer back to the South Siders territory, and that he and the gang must never intrude into the clan's territory forever, or they'll be warned quite intensively. The followers did so, and disappeared off with worn Tazer in tow. Miles turned to us, and smiled gently as Leafpelt sobbed happily, hugging him lovingly. Miles looked at Sunrise, and bowed his head in respect, \"Sunrise, on the condition that Leafpelt and our unborn child is safe, I will have my protection into your debt, if you may consider it.\". Sunrise narrowed her eyes and nodded stiffly. \"You are a guest of my clan, and since you are Leafpelt's mate, you shall take part to be involved with my warriors. Do you accept?\". Sunrise requested clearly. Miles nodded, \"I do, Sunrise.\". Sunrise nodded and smiled softly at Miles. The rest of everybody including me congratulated Miles and Leafpelt on the win and the pregnancy. We got back into Upworld House, and down to HQ where Sunrise announced the news. Most was shocked yet accepting through some were weary and edgy of Miles. The rest of the day passed with Goldfur the appointed nurse of Miles & Leafpelt. It was discovered that she was about two months along. I was happy for her. I went to sleep, after Sunrise told me that tomorrow I will go to my chosen world, and Pinepaw will receive a warrior name. This is going to be great.[Chapter 2] The next morning, I woke up from my bed which is covered in reds/browns, and the wood itself is a European Beech which is very lovely. The floor from here into the bathroom is made of European Hornbeam which is very nice in texture. It is covered by a rather large rug crafted of bright colors in a pattern of flowers and stars. The walls is done in different ways. The north wall has a mural which contained the beloved characters of the movie. The west wall is painted a soft green, with movie merchandise shelved or hammered in. The east wall is painted to look like the Sherwood Forest, details and all. I slipped into my present clothes, and went to the bathroom which has a stone sink painted in gold, held by a silver post with traditional grooves, and the toilet is porcelain, the shower is presented like the waterfall from the movie, only in miniaturize, and the water is natural-filtered. The walls is painted a soft amber brown. I brushed my hair and braided it English style. I headed out from my room toward my door, which holds the number #31. The doorway is hung by faux red feathers and pink flowers. I got out, closed my door, and when I turned to lock the knob, I saw something hanging, and I smiled in surprise when I saw that it was my totem necklace. It was a fox cub in silver surrounded by a white jewel on each side, and the fox cub's eyes is ruby red. I put it on myself, and then skipped ahead to the cafeteria, humming a tune. I grabbed breakfast, and sat down at a table with Pinepaw who's looking half-slept. I nudged him awake. \"Wake up, kiddo. It's your day to be a warrior at last, and I am going to my world as well.\". I chirped happily. Pinepaw grinned at that, fully awake now, then we went ahead to eat our breakfasts. I saw Leafpelt showing Miles around, and I grinned slightly as Miles seemed to try to understand the clan routine. I saw Sunrise, and she nodded toward me, gesturing at Pinepaw. I nodded, and when Pinepaw was distracted, getting dessert. I gave a sign to gesture what I think Pinepaw should receive for his warrior name. Sunrise smiled, gestured that she understood, then walked off in the direction of the portal room. Pinepaw came back, giving me a bowl of Jello, saying it's my day too, as he has the same thing for himself. I thanked him, went to finish dessert. We got up, and we heard a loud howl, and I knew it was Sunrise. Everybody including Miles, guided by Leafpelt, and us, hurried down to the portal room where the portal is glowing the usual rainbow colors. Miles looked entranced by the portal until he was nudged by Leafpelt, shaking out of surprise. Sunrise gestured for Pinepaw to come forward, and he did. \"Today, we have a apprentice whose will be a warrior. Pinepaw has fought well within the clan. Rubyflower, has your apprentice learned well?\". Sunrise announced clearly. I smiled, \"Pinepaw has learned very good from me, and I admit he has taught me some things as well. He deserves to be a warrior, my leader.\". \"Then, before heaven and earth, Pinepaw, do you promise to guard the clan with your life, as long as you live?\". Sunrise asked seriously. Pinepaw took a breath, and held his head up, \"I do, Sunrise, on my honor.\". Sunrise nodded, \"Before this clan, from this day forward, Pinepaw is now Pinefur.\". We echoed the new name, and the freshly-warrior Pinefur smiled very widely. I looked at Sunrise, and she gestured at the portal, and I nodded. I gave hugs and said goodbyes to all the warriors, and gave Miles a command to care of Leafpelt. He nodded, and he said he swore to, upon a time ago. I smiled understanding, and took a stance toward the portal, then ran, jumped into darkness. I landed upon the ground on fours. \"About time you got here, old friend.\". chirped a voice. A sigh, \"We're talking in the dark, Caleb.\". replied another voice. The tunnel instantly turned into light, the surroundings forest. \"Well, that's much better.\". said the first voice. I turned to see two people who I was shocked to see. \"Mama, Caleb!\". I whispered-shouted in surprise as my eyes was threatening to wet with tears. Mama is tanned, bright brown eyes, and auburn red hair, wearing a bold blue sundress with tan sandals. Caleb looked like he's 12, wearing a light red shirt with gray swim shorts, barefoot, and has bleached blond hair, and bright blue eyes. It was so long ago. We were at the beach, and Mama asked Caleb and me if we wanted to grab some ice cream. I said no, and Mama and Caleb left, with Caleb telling me that he will share his bowl with me when he gets back. I nodded and headed to swim, unknowing my life is forever changed that day. They were hit by a speeding car and died instantly. Caleb was my best friend, almost like siblings. I ran, hugging them tightly and tearfully. \"Mama, Caleb. I missed you so much. Mama smiled softly, \"We missed you, darling.\". \"I knew my parents was upset and all, but they moved on after you moved away with your dad.\". Caleb replied matter of factly. Mama nodded, \"And I took care of Caleb back in heaven, knowing his parents would want me to.\". I tilted my head. \"Isn't why you are here, to see me before I get going to my world?\". I asked curiously. Caleb smiled, nodding. Mama chuckled, \"I was surprised when you got to the clan and everything. I am so proud of you, Sierra, darling.\". \"Yeah, that name Rubyflower, I love it, and you're a warrior, which is so cool, you are like whoosh and zoom.\". Caleb exclaimed, trying to copy a couple of my moves. I laughed, seeing Caleb looking so funny as he did my moves in a clumsy, uncoordinated way. We all caught up, talking and etc, until Mama announced that she and Caleb has to go back. I sobbed gently and peacefully as my heart has fully healed, and hugged them one by one so warmly. Mama waved goodbye, then disappeared in a beam of white light. Caleb saluted me, and told me that he'll wait for me in heaven with ice cream for me. I nodded, and he disappeared in the same kind of beam. I looked around at the forest, and saw that the end horizon has a bright light peeking through, and I walked up to it, then jumped into it, hearing the familiar voice of Alan Cock' Doodle talking. \"Now, in this version of the animal kingdom, the story of Robin Hood is very real, plus he has help as well. Little John, Friar Tuck, and a very special person, Rubyflower. Who's she, you ask? She is the sister of the famed Robin, and here's her introduction of the story.\". Then I heard nothing, and fell into darkness which surrounded me and I blacked out.[Chapter 3] Hello, everyone. I have my friend, Lollilelou12 helping me in this story as well. Enjoy her stories, and the rest of my stories, my viewers. Please give good reviews, and NO INSULTS. Again, thank you, and have a positive, happy time! I groaned lightly, blinking to the daylight that just intruded into my face, and I rubbed my face, stopping when I saw my hand, an red furred hand in fact! I got up in surprise, and looked down at my body, and saw that I am still wearing my clothes, but this time, I am furry and got a tail too. My fur is ruby red, with a cream white chest, tipped in the tail as well, and my hands are dark red. I walked to a stream that I just noticed a moment ago, and looked at my reflection. I got a cream white muzzle, my eyes remain light blue, and my eye lining is dark red, and I got a mane at the back of my neck which is dark red. The inside of my ears are pale cream, and tipped black at the top, my nose is black, and I got a flower earring in my right ear. Huh, not bad. Pretty much what I was thinking, through the mane was a surprise. I like it, very much like it, indeed! I held my totem necklace and beeped it to call Sunrise. \"Hello, isn't this working?\". I chirped curiously. \"Crystal clear. I can hear you, Rubyflower.\". replied Sunrise quietly. \"Thanks, Sunrise. I better see where I am.\". I commented. A chuckle, \"Good luck, Ruby. Bye.\". Sunrise said clearly, then my totem beeped, ending our call. I looked around to recognize that I was in Sherwood Forest, but it was difficult to make out my location. Suddenly I heard yells and shouts, and I instantly ducked down into some bushes, moving slowly and quietly as distinct footsteps got closer and closer. I peeked through to recognize Robin being chased by the Sheriff and a few minions through there's someone I didn't recognize, whose's running beside the Sheriff. (?‛s P.O.V.) I ran through the forest after Robin, I managed to get ahead of the others and I tackled Robin. (Robin's P.O.V.) My mind was fuzzy for a few seconds but I saw who tackled me, it was a female tiger. She had light grey fur and blood red stripes, wearing a blue shirt and black shoe., The female had bi colored eyes, one was sapphire blue and the other was ruby red. The odd thing was that she wasn't the slightest bit tired from running. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I gasped as I watched Robin get tackled so fast by that female tigress, and I snarled lightly as I jumped out of the bushes, and with a big leap, I pounced upon her, knocking her off from Robin. \"Go now!\". I shouted toward Robin, and Robin only got up, ran as the Sheriff caught up to the tigress who got up a few feet away from me. Somehow her eyes mesmerized me, but I shook out, hearing the minions' shouts. I ran off, hearing frantic running from me, and I was panting slightly. I got to this grove, and around the corner, I saw Robin upside down, hanging from a branch, his hands out, gesturing to catch me. So, I grabbed his hands, and we swung up higher into the tree. Robin put a finger up to his mouth to gesture to be quiet, and I nodded. We kept quiet and glanced down to see the sheriff and the tigress looking confused, then they spoke. (?'s P.O.V.) I looked around, confused when the sheriff spoke up \"Mutant eyes! Go check in the trees, don't let them escape!\". I sighed, \"That's not my name\". I sad before jumping into the trees and bolting up one. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I thought to myself, 'What is her name?' when Robin nudged me, and gesturing to say that we have to separate. I nodded again, and we went opposite ways, I into the rightmost tree while Robin went left. I was scrambling up a branch when I crashed into her, the tigress. When I came to, only a few seconds later, I found that I was literally face to face with the tigress, and our noses was touching. She widened her eyes and gave a soft yelp of surprise, and I frantically got up, not wanting to be caught by her, and I jumped off into another tree with vines this time, dispersing from sight. Inside my mind, I repeatedly flash-backed to her, the tigress. Her eyes, her clothes, her fur, her soft, sad voice. Soon enough, I heard nothing but the wind and the tress above me as I went deeper into Sherwood Forest. (?'s P.O.V.) Angered and confused about the events that happened, I changed my plans and ran after the girl, skilfully and quietly jumping from branch to branch, I saw the girl and I stealthily hid behind the tree she was going to pass then, as soon as she passed the tree, i jumped quietly and pinned her. \"Be still, little girl, or you'll never move again\". I growled, my red and blue eyes glowing slightly. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I snarled lightly, \"I am not a girl, I am a woman!\". I rammed my knees up against her stomach, earning a pained breath from the tigress. My fur prickled in defense as I got up, slightly hunched, my legs poised to run if the tigress tries to do more. (?'s P.O.V.) I groaned as I clutched my stomach,Ii felt blood rising in my throat and I hacked it up, my sapphire blue blood stained the tree branch. \"My blood color is...disgusting\". I growled, some of it staining my sharp teeth, I turned tail and ran where Robin went. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I was confused at the tigress's disgust at her blood, and I watched her run off. \"She is strange, that one.\". I muttered loudly. \"Yep, she is!\". chirped a male voice above me, and I looked up to see Robin sitting upon a tree branch. I heard angry howls far off, and feminine shouts far off. I recognized the sounds as the Sheriff and the tigress. I chuckled, \"You gave them the slip, didn't you?\". Robin gave a wink and a sly smile. \"The name's Robin. Robin Hood. Yours?\". asked Robin in a friendly tone. I smiled, \"Rubyflower. I'd rather be called Ruby.\". Robin nodded, and dropped down to the ground beside me, and I found that he was a whole foot taller than me. \"Nice to meet you, Ruby. I think we will have a beautiful friendship.\". He chirped, giving his famous grin. Soon enough, we stroked up a conversation, and became fast friends, and we went off, with Robin leading the way, to his hideout. Here and there, I thought of the tigress and wondered of her name. (?‛s P.O.V.) I smelt the air around me, I caught ruby's scent. \"I'll be right back, sheriff\". I said and I followed the girl's scent. It wasn't long before I found them, but instead of charging, I waited and followed, I listened in on their conversation about me. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I spoke casually, \"Hey, Robin. Have you ever seen that tigress before?\". Robin shook his head, \"No, afraid not. I have never seen any tigress or her in Nottingham all my years. Old Prince John or the Sheriff must have found her somewhere else, and hired her to get me and my band.\". \"Huh. She somehow tracked me so fast, and her speed, wow. I'd have to say that she could almost match up to me and you, Robin.\". I replied in awe and curiosity. Robin shrugged, \"All the more challenge, the excitement grows. Did you hear of her name yet?\". \"Nope. I only heard that old Sheriff insult her by her eyes just like you did. Heck, I came here because of the stories about you, but hearing that Sheriff insult a woman, a tigress at that, it's not respectable!\". I scoffed and snarled lightly. Robin sadly nodded, \"And I wonder why he got picked as sheriff. Oh, wait, prince John did pick him! No matter, Ruby, we will get rid of that Sheriff and the prince once King Richard returns. I hope it's soon.\". I nodded in agreement, then I heard a sound, my ears pricking up. I looked around and behind me, saw nothing. \"Ruby? Is something wrong?'. Robin asked worriedly. I shook my head, \"Nothing. I'm okay. Let's go.\". Robin nodded, and walked to some tall bushes, disappeared, and I followed as I gave the surroundings a last look, then went in. (?'s P.O.V.) I hissed as Ruby almost saw me, I followed her and Robin to a clearing and my eyes lit up, I bet sheriff would like this information about the hideout, I went to leave when my foot slipped and I fell down 'Ok, act casual. ' I thought as I sat there, then Robin and Ruby saw me. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I gasped in surprise then anger when she showed up. 'She must have found my scent!'. Robin growled, narrowed his eyes, and grabbed a rope that I recognized as the clothesline, and swung the loop swiftly around the tigress, and tightening it. The tigress gave a pained cough. I widened my eyes, remembering the previous incident. 'Robin, that's quite enough!\". Robin looked at me like I'm crazy, seeing my glare of anger, and sighed as he stopped tightening. I huffed lightly in relief. \"Are you here to spy on us, tigress?'. Robin accused, glaring lightly at her. (?'s P.O.V.) I grasped my red eye and hissed. \"If you must know, I was going to tell you that Prince John is holding a drama contest tomorrow, I'm just really a backup warrior...because of my stupid mutant eyes, and yes, I will be entering, if you want to find out what happened to me, and want to know my name. meet me in disguise after my act\". I growled, showing my cut on my wrist from falling, my sapphire blue blood shocking robin, then I jumped into the trees and left. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) \"Do you think she's lying?\". asked Robin. I shrugged, \"We don't know her well enough, and we can still hide in the trees to watch her if the drama contest is real\". \"A drama contest? Neither it's a trap for me, or it's just a fetish that old Johnny has this month.\". Robin commented. \"Prince John has a fetish every month?\". I asked in surprise. Robin nodded, \"He had a circus last month.\". I raised an eyebrow at that, and shrugged noncommittally. The day passed with Little John, Friar Tuck, and some other Merry Men coming into the hideout and introducing myself, and having a delicious stew dinner that night. We planned all night for tomorrow, and went to sleep. Everybody neither slept in tents or hammocks, and for me, I chose an hammock. The next day, we got ready after having breakfast, the plan set if I or Robin is seen by the minions, the Sheriff, or Prince John himself.[Chapter 4] (?'s P.O.V.) As the contest started, I was the first one up, my music started playing and I walked on stage, the backdrop was a forestry place, then I started singing: \"There once was a girl, a robotic girl, with a crank sticking out of her brain\". I had a eyepatch over my red eye and it had a blue eye painted onto it. \"She never preformed with sadness or joy, she was just simply programmed to sing, so she sang...\" I moved to the side and someone backstage threw a red stone onto the space next to me. \"So, she sang, until one day, with no one around, this robot fell down and the crank, it broke off of her head\". I fake tripped over and my eye patched eye landed on the red stone, getting stuck in the eye patch. \"With the jar to her hard drive, she felt all alive, the old robot she used to be, DEAD\". I put both my hands to my eye patch and I pretended that I was in pain. \"There was rage in her brain, there was pain in her frame, there was love, there was hunger and strife\". I stopped and took off my eye patch and looked into a mirror, fake screaming at my red eye and sapphire blue blood. \"She felt lonely, rejected and at times, disconnected, no answer to the meaning of life\". Then rage was in my eyes as I went over to a cardboard cutout of a person before cutting it up. \"So, she sang...so, she sang...so, she sang\". I walked up to where prince john was sitting near the stage and bowed, showing the time he hired me. \"Sweet dreams are made of these, who am I to disagree? They travel the world on the seven seas, everybody is looking for something\". I got up and bowed to the audience before walking off stage to meet Robin and Ruby. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I was awestruck by the tigress's powerful emotional song, and she acted out so well. Robin was amazed as well. As she finished up, we went up to meet her by the bushes, I as a disguised old female dog with my voice toned to be creaky, and Robin as my nephew in the disguise of a spunky, polite male dog, with his voice toned to be deep-pitched. I was introduced as Flower, and Robin was introduced as Nebi. I spoke, \"Young lady, you sing so well. Why, my Nebi here nearly cried. Nephew, I could barely see her. What does she look like?\". \"Great-aunt Flower, please don't embarrass me! She is a tigress, auntie.\". Robin/Nebi spoke like he didn't want to be here right now. I gasped, \"Lords, a tigress. It has been years and years since I saw one! Dear, what may be your name?\". (?'s P.O.V.) \"Kuro\". I said, keeping a straight face, prince John called for me, I nodded to Ruby and Robin before walking away. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) \"Kuro.\". I said to myself as I glanced at Robin, and he gestured that we should get going back home, and I nodded. With checking around, we slipped back into the forest, removing our disguises, and we got home, seeing the band. As Little John got ready to cook for lunch, I sat back into my hammock, resting my arms behind my head, my thoughts of Kuro. 'She's remarkable. I like her, and Robin likes her.' From that day, into a month, we saw Kuro here and there, striking short conversations, and seeing that she doesn't cause harm, we often invited her to hang out with us and the band in the forest, never the hideout. I think she's beginning to see the wrongs of Prince John and the Sheriff as time goes on. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I walked with Ruby and Robin as we talked about random things, when I sensed Sheriff. \"Guys, run, Sheriff's here\". I hissed. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I saw the Sheriff and his minions as soon as Kuro warned us, and she had to fall into the routine to fool the Sheriff, chasing me and Robin. We ran from arrows, dodging, and narrowly zigzagged when we saw Little John far up across a fence, waving to us. We caught up, swinging over the fence, the minions and the sheriff with Kuro far off behind us. Around the corner of a row of trees, I jumped upon Little John's shoulders, and Robin jumped upon mine, and he caught a very high branch, with the speed we're going, and the force of three bodies, we swung up very high into the tree. We got quiet as my thoughts ran in my mind. 'Today is that day, where the boys rob the royal carriage. Tomorrow will be Skippy's birthday, and the day after tomorrow will be the archery contest with Maid Marian!' I got excited at the action I'm gonna do. I glanced down to see the minions confused and frustrated, and they left with the Sheriff heaving heavily far ahead, and looking red in the face. I saw Kuro muffling her mouth, presumably laughing at the Sheriff. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I tried my best not to laugh at the Sheriff as he slowed down and collapsed. \"Mutant, get them!\" He snapped, I glared at him before running after the boys and Ruby, I jumped into the tree they were in and laughed. \"Most fun I've had since my brother left!\". I said then trailed off as I remembered him. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I chuckled at Kuro's comment, and noticed the Sheriff left after a glance of frustrament, and then Little John said his line. \"Oh, Johnny bear, we're fine, just had a close brush with action, that's all.\". I replied to him. Robin nodded, agreeing when Little John pointed out his hat, and my skirt. I glanced at my skirt, a half-hole in the right side. I sighed, \"Ok, perhaps we are getting lax these days, but hey, we are still faster than these minions. Am I right, Kuro? Kuro, you alright?\". I looked at Kuro, who looked like she's staring off in the distance. (Kuro's P.O.V.) \"Yeah, it's just I remembered my brother, that's all, I'll tell you about him later if I have the chance\". I said, smiling. \"Ok, then\". Robin said and we took off into the forest. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) Soon enough, we heard the royal horns, and the boys got down to business, disguising and robbing Prince John while us girls watched from a reasonable distance, complimenting the boys' skills. I laughed at poor prince John's fit, and Kuro chuckled as the carriage took off without the prince and his assistant, Sir Hiss. \"Not bad at all, huh, Kuro?\". (Kuro's P.O.V.) \"That was too funny!\". I burst out laughing, \"How could he not see that? It was right in front of his face!\". I giggled, then calmed down, I saw someone and I looked again, I thought I saw my brother but then as I looked, he wasn't there anymore. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I nodded, agreeing, and noticed that the boys had gone, presumably returning the money to Friar Tuck so he can get it to the people in equal shares. \"Well, Kuro, looks like we're free to spend the day. The boys will be fine on their own.\". I commented airily. Kuro softly shrugged, and jumped out of the tree, and I smiled, jumping after her, and smirking slightly as I tagged her. Kuro looked shocked at first, then grinned slyly as she came along. I laughed, running away from her, zig-zagged around trees and bushes, jumping over logs. She tagged me quite quickly, then I smirked, catching up to her, hearing her soft laughter, ringing in the air. We made it into a meadow which was literally in bloom, and I chased her all around, crossing a stream by rocks. I yipped in surprise as I slipped, falling into the water. I heard Kuro call for me as I came up, drenched, a vine upon my head. I scoffed slightly, glanced to see Kuro smile at me, and I couldn't help to smile back, and I giggled as well. I got out, shaking the vine from my head, my fur ruffled, and as I glanced up to look at Kuro, I couldn't see her. Confused, I looked around the stream, the meadow. I was ahead of the tall grass that laid among the meadow, then I was taken off guard, recognizing Kuro's stripes, we rolled as she pounced upon me. I wrestled her back as we landed upon a flat grass, cushioning our roll. Kuro laughed victoriously as she saw that she pinned me, and I smiled, content on the grass. Suddenly the sun glowed on us, and I saw her in her beauty, and I realized that she wasn't just my best friend, she was what I was missing in my heart. I moved slightly and upwards, kissed her gently on her cheek. I leaned back, Kuro still, her eyes wide, turning to stare at me in shock. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I stared at Ruby in shock as she kissed me on the cheek, I looked around nervously before looking at Ruby again. Unbeknownst to me, a pair of yellowish orange eyes with purple irises was watching in the branches. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) My light blue eyes stared up at Kuro's bicolored eyes as she looked at me. I lightly blushed. \"You are what my heart's missing. I love Robin as a brother, and Little John as a cousin/uncle, but you, Kuro, are much more than my best friend. Be mine?\". I softly said as my ears flattened, awaiting Kuro's answer. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I was about to answer when I heard something drop from a tree, I looked up and saw someone familiar. \"Hey sis, long time no see\". he said. \"Eridan?\". I asked (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I noticed Kuro's about to answer me when I heard a sound, saw Kuro look up, her eyes recognizing somebody, hearing a unfamiliar voice. I turned my head around to see someone, presumably 'Eridan' from what Kuro said. I widened my eyes as I realized that this man watched us, and I snorted quietly in suspicion as Kuro looked down at me, her ears pricked in surprise before she got off me, visibly embarrassed. I lowered my eyes in silence and frustrated that I didn't get a answer, getting up. (Kuro's P.O.V.) \"Eridan, long time no see!\". I said before hugging him and he chuckled, \"Yes, I see that you're doing well\". \"And I see that your accent hasn't changed\". I joked, Eridan glared playfully at me. \"Just because I have a strange accent doesn't mean you can say that\". he said, I chuckled. \"Make me, blow-fish\" I said, using the nickname that bothered him. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I dusted off any invisible dust from my clothes as I watched Kuro greet her brother, Eridan; a rather tall tiger with a unique color in his stripes and eyes which is purple. Yet the stripes are black blended with purple while his fur is red-orange. He wore a a dark brown tunic with a dark gray hat with a black feather in it, and he also wore dark gray fabric shoes. I smiled softly at the obvious close relationship between the siblings, and I frowned slightly at the memory of my beloved old best friend where I was really close with. I shook my head, and walked up to them. \"So, you must be the brother that Kuro spoke of. Eridan is a unusual name through it seems to suit you well.\". I commented. Kuro smiled at me, and touched my shoulder gently, spoke toward her brother, \"This is Rubyflower. She prefers to be called Ruby, and she does not like to be insulted greatly. Trust me, I've had the pleasure of receiving a blow for it.\". I smiled softly, and had a shiver down my spine to realize that Kuro greatly respects me.[Chapter 5] (Kuro's P.O.V.) \"Yeah, it is, but he's awesome\". I said, Eridan smiled and hugged me back, smiling. \"So, Eridan, how are things between you and Kari?\". I asked, Eridan's face dropped. \"We broke up, she wasn't happy with me\". He said sadly, I patted his back to calm him down. \"Cheer up, we're together again!\". I chirped, Eridan smiled and nodded. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I thought of asking who's Kari, but I pulled back once I saw Eridan's crestfallen look. I then changed the subject to something positive. \"It's getting close to midday, and Robin and Johnny must be back at the hideout already. I don't know about you two, but I'm hungry for a hearty meal!\". I smiled widely, subtly giving an invite to Eridan. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I nodded and so did Eridan, we made our way back to the hideout and talked about ourselves. \"So, Eridan, how did you come to this place?\". Ruby asked. Eridan smiled, \"I was just passing through, and to see Kuro who stayed in Nottingham for a while\". (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I grinned softly at Eridan, \"Your sister Kuro has been great. She's a crafty woman, always tricking the Sheriff and helping us out. Granted, I and the boys are fine alone, but with Kuro, we have been better than ever!\". Gave a wink at Kuro, who smiled gratefully. Kuro smirked at me, \"Who caught you and Robin in the first place? Hmm?\". I chuckled merrily at that. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I laughed at Ruby's reaction and Robin brought up a question. \"Kuro, I don't mean to pry but how did your eyes become that colour in the first place?\". He asked curiously. I looked at him and frowned, \"Ff you want to know, ok, basically the stone my eye fell on was a mutation stone, they're very red and cause different effects based on the person who gets mutated, for me it was my eye turning red, but useable, and my blood turning sapphire blue\". I explained. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I flicked my ears curiously, and asked, \"Mutation stones? Is that found where you and Eridan came from?\". (Eridan's P.O.V.) I remembered the horrible incident that happened to Kuro a few years earlier. \"Yeah, where we come from, whoever gets mutated is treated like an outcast, that's why Kuro didn't like other people until she met you all\". I said, Kuro nodded and hugged me, I hugged back and I spoke up yet again. \"When myself and Kuro were five, a group of children hit me with stones, one of them was a mutation stone and it turned my stripes blackish purple and my blood royal purple, I later found out they did it on purpose to get back at me for sticking up for Kuro and fighting them\". I said, ears drooping. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I frowned, my ears down, shocked at the terrible treatment Kuro received. I snarled lightly, \"How dare they do this to you?! You did nothing, not you, Kuro, or your brother!\". Then I sighed, \"At least you're safe here, with friends, and me.\". I hugged Kuro lightly, and unknowingly to Kuro, I gave a soft, loving nuzzle. \"At least you don't know the pain of losing family. I did, for years. I used to go to the beach, with my family, and my best friend who was a sibling to me. There was a carriage crash, and my mother, and Caleb was taken from me. I was only a kid.\". and I gave a loud sob, thanking my family for bringing me here in my thoughts. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I hugged Ruby and pat her back softly. \"It's ok\". I said, Eridan walked up to us and nodded. \"We grew up without parents, you see, so we wouldn't know\". he said. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I blinked at that comment of Eridan, and sighed, \"I suppose so. Hey, is something burning?\". I sniffed smoke. \"Oh, my stew!\". shouted Johnny as he tried to stop the smoke from the fire, dropped the lid, cooling the stew off with a laundry shirt. Robin smiled sheepishly, \"Guess we weren't careful to watch the stew while we were talking. Sorry, Little John.\". Johnny waved a arm off, \"No worries there, Robin. It's all our fault that the stew was burning. Luckily, it's not too bad.\". as he continued the cooling, and twirling the stew around with a wooden spoon. I chuckled, grabbing some homemade wooden bowls with designs I did and gave one each to everybody. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I tried some of the stew before smiling. \"It's really good!\" I said, Eridan nodded and ate some as well, I looked over at Ruby and smiled at her before blushing and turning away. 'Do I like girls?'. I asked myself in my head before eating some more of the stew. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I slightly smiled at Kuro's blush, as I held my bowl of stew. My design on my bowl is carved butterfly wings with hearts in the middle of each set of wings. Kuro's bowl is carved of flowers and suns. Eridan's bowl is carved of a river with fish leaping in and out. Johnny's bowl is carved of trees and leaves. Robin's bowl is carved of lightning clouds and raindrops. \"It's Johnny's specialty. Robin is awful at cooking, no offence, bro. I'm decent at it myself.\". I confessed casually. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I giggled as they talked, Eridan looked at me happily. \"You sure met some good friends, huh?\". he asked. \"Yeah, they're the best\". I said, Eridan smiled. \"If only it were that way where we grew up\". he said. \"Yeah\" I answered. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I smirked as we finished up our lunch, chatted, and showed Eridan around the hideout, giving him a hammock of his own. Eridan went for a nap, saying that he spent the morning walking before he came into the forest. I smiled amusingly at the mention, and I told the boys that I was going to check upon Friar Tuck. They nodded, and gave me two pouches of gold to give Friar Tuck so he can do his job of helping the townspeople. I asked Kuro if she wants to come along. She nodded silently as she looked deep in thought. We left the hideout, walking slowly, wanting to enjoy the sunshine. I flashbacked back to the meadow, and blushed slightly, then sighed as I realized that maybe Kuro is uncertain. Then I was poked by Kuro's paw, and I looked over to see Kuro quiet as she looked like she's trying to think what she wants to say exactly.[Chapter 6] (Kuro's P.O.V.) I blushed as my tail wrapped around myself in nervously. \"Uh...um...Ruby, I, well...I kinda, really like you\". I stuttered, and my bicoloured eyes shifted around nervously, then I felt ruby hug me softly. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I chuckled softly as I leaned against Kuro's shoulder, relieved and happy to hear her confession, and glanced up to Kuro's bi-colored eyes, she stared at me, and somehow into her eyes, I could see a shine of love and curiosity. We almost matched up in height, myself only 3 inches shorter than Kuro. \"I accept that you would need time to get used to this, Kuro. Just know this; I'll be at your company always, and I know you'll be there for me.\". I replied calmly and softly as we got close, our fur touching, and I leaned up to hold my paw upon her shoulder while my other paw rested upon Kuro's back. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I sighed happily as I looked up at the sky, the sun was setting and it looked beautiful, I then looked over to my side and saw Eridan. \"Someone's got a crush!\" Eridan said in a sing song voice, blood rushed to my cheeks and Ruby seemed to be embarrassed as well as she pulled away from the hug as well. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I snorted lightly at Eridan. \"You're supposed to be napping. Fine, you can come with us to the church, but stay outside while Kuro and I go inside.\". I knew the church is over that ridge, and I started walking. Eridan chuckled. \"Well, I couldn't help myself to be curious about you two.\". Eridan commented casually. Kuro shrugged noncommittally at that, and walked beside me while Eridan walked on the far right of us. We all got to the church, and Kuro knocked two times steadily. A familiar voice called out, \"Come in. All is welcome!\". I and Kuro got in, leaving Eridan outside. Friar Tuck smiled merrily at us. He treated me like a dear niece which I very appreciated. For Kuro, I wouldn't know, though she's a bit more nicer to him than she would treat any citizen.. I pulled out the twin pouches of money, and handed them to Tuck, who looked gratefully. \"Dear child, how was the picking today?\". asked Tuck politely. I smiled, \"It was particularly amusing. Nottingham will be relieved for a while, I trust?\". Tuck peeked into the pouches, and glanced up at us, \"It will do just fine, young Rubyflower. And young Kuro, are you doing well?\". He asked curiously at Kuro, who's right next to me. I slightly turned to see Kuro smiling softly. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I smiled and nodded, \"I'm fine\". before we started chatting, I felt a song linger in my mind as I drifted off into my dream world. Ruby looked at me. \"What's wrong, Kuro, you're drifting off a lot\". she asked. \"Nothing, just thinking\". I answered. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I nodded at that, and saw that it's getting dark outside. I nudged Kuro lightly,and told her that we better go our ways for the night and tomorrow. Kuro nodded and bidden Tuck goodbye, and I gave a heartfelt hug to Tuck before we left the church, noticing Eridan reading the pedestals and tombstones. Kuro whistled to grab his attention, and Eridan looked up, smiled widely as he joined us. We stopped at the edge of the forest. Kuro told Eridan that she had to go off into Nottingham to keep the Sheriff off our scents. Eridan joked, \"Don't you worry, sis. I'll keep an eye for Ruby, lover girl.\". Kuro raised an eyebrow, and smirked as she suddenly hugged me, and gave me the same kiss as I gave her in the meadow earlier. I blushed slightly, and whispered to her, \"Be careful, Kuro.\". Kuro nodded at that, and she left in a rush to Nottingham. I gestured for Eridan to follow me home to the hideout, and we went to sleep in our respective hammocks. Slipping off to dreamland, I gave a last thought for Kuro, and smiled to myself. -{Next day}- (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) It was my turn to go on Nottingham duty with Robin, while I left Eridan to hang out with Johnny, telling him to stay there until I or Kuro came later. I knew Kuro wouldn't want to see her brother caught by the Sheriff or anything. I was shocked by the families of Nottingham intending to call me Rubyflower Hood since they obviously heard how I helped Friar Tuck and the others including Robin. It was a happy morning, with the Rabbit family including Skippy. Of course, Robin gave him the familiar bow and his hat, and now with me, I gave him something he really appreciated. I gave him his own handmade bowl which is carved with rolling hills and rabbits eating carrots. He gave me a great hug, thanking me before he left the burrow with two siblings, heading out to try out his bow. But everything changed once I left for Sherwood Forest, leaving Robin to continue his duty. I received a call from Sunrise, and I was devastated at what she told me. My father had passed on from cancer. 'He never told me! I should have been there!' I ran to the only place I knew I would be alone in my grief, sobbing as I remembered all so much of my father. I got my bright blue eyes from him, and my height as well. He had oak brown hair, and he always smiled that cocky smirk when he used to tease me and Mother when I was a kid. Suddenly, I felt arms, soft, warm arms as I recognized as Kuro. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I was returning home to the hideout after I finished the dull duty of guarding the palace, with a few crude insults from the Sheriff. My ears perked, hearing sobs faintly, and I followed the sounds, the scent of Ruby intruding my nose, and I was suddenly concerned and worried for Ruby as I came upon the meadow, I and Ruby's place, where I had discovered Ruby's love for me. I saw Ruby down on her knees, just before the pond, sobbing, and her arms tight around herself. I stepped down softly, and as I got closer, the sobs tore my heart, I couldn't bear Ruby to look so wounded, so vulnerable like this. I wrapped my arms around Ruby gently, and Ruby froze in the middle of a sob, then turned her head into my chest, as I sat down beside her, adjusting to hold her in my arms. \"It's okay to cry, Ruby. I won't laugh or anything.\". I spoke gently, and Ruby just spilled out, crying and whispering. \"Why didn't he tell me? It's my fault. He is gone. I am never going to see him again. I hurt so much. Father, why did you go? I can't stop hurting so much.\". I said nothing, just held her softly and gently, resting my head upon Ruby's head, feeling her mane. I touched her back with a paw, and started rubbing it in circles, Ruby loosening her body, tears wetting my shirt. I and Eridan never knew our parents, always been outcasted as long as I can remember. Eridan had always been the rock in my life until I met Ruby and she has been slowly changing my life as I had ever known it. I remembered a song that Eridan used to calm me down when I was having a temper, and I started to hum it, and I felt Ruby slowing down from her cries, slight hiccups here and there. I then sung softly, hoping to get Ruby out of her depression. Fell from the grace of heaven's prow. Listening as the abyss calls our names. Descending stars from golden clouds. Falling to the rage of angels. Bring of light from on high. Bound to the earth and unable to fly. I don't know How can heaven love me? I don't know (You don't know) I don't know (You don't know) How can heaven love you? We loved in a time before the fall. Welcome to the arms of solitude. Beneath us, the heat that hearts exude. Is this really heaven? We'd fight with the Gods for our dreams. Where paradise falls, eternity screams. I don't know How can heaven love me? I don't know (You don't know) I don't know (You don't know) How can heaven love you? The world is a gate. To thousand deserts mutely and coldly. She is lost, which you lost. Stopped by nothing. In my arms I shall hold. Crystallized as starlight. Lost in paradise. Once I stopped, I felt Ruby moving her head back to glance up at me, and I smiled a reassuring smile toward Ruby, and Ruby sighed softly, and she turned her head into my shoulder, her muzzle touching my neck, and I saw her closing her eyes to darkness, exhausted after all that emotion. I couldn't blame her. Softly and slowly, I got up, one of my arms under Ruby's body, and my other arm enclosing Ruby around her neck, her head resting on my fur, her tail rustling softly against my legs, limp, yet waving through the motion I was doing. I carried her safely and carefully as I got to the hideout, and I saw the boys staring at me in confusion and concern. I made it over to Ruby's hammock, resting a pillow against her head, as I positioned her body gently into the hammock, her tail tucked in. My arms free, I sighed softly, as my paw moved to arrange her bangs neatly, a slight moan from Ruby, and I kissed her gently on the forehead before I left her alone. I turned around to see Eridan staring in puzzlement, a question in his eyes, Robin and Johnny had concern and curiosity in their eyes. I spoke gently, \"Don't disturb her, boys. She just went through something very emotional and life-changing. All I got is that her father had passed away, and she was in full grief and depression until I got to her.\". The boys nodded and went on to make lunch, and Eridan told me that I shouldn't worry too much for he knows that Ruby's strong. I nodded, remembering Ruby's stubbornness to be strong no matter what. I just hoped that she will get better over time.[Chapter 7] (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I woke up in my hammock, confused until I flashbacked why I was here, and I sighed heavily, mentally smiling at the song Kuro sung for me. I smelt something cooking and glanced over to see Kuro sitting near Eridan upon a log talking lowly, and Johnny hanging up clothes on the clothesline while Robin was stirring the soup, zoning out, mooning over Maid Marian. I laughed at the incident of the soup burning, and everybody looked over at me. Kuro got up gracefully, and looked at me gently as she asked, \"Are you okay, Ruby?\". I replied, \"I'm getting better, but my heart still hurts. There were so many things we never got to do together. You would've loved Father, Kuro. He never cared who is who, as long as they are loyal and friendly to him. He'd be slightly shocked at the relationship we have, Kuro, but he would get over it almost quickly. He was going to teach me how to dance, but now I can't learn.\". I looked down at my hands wistfully. Suddenly Kuro placed her hand over mine, and I looked up to her curiously. \"It has been awhile but I can dance, and well, I can teach you.\". Kuro replied almost blushing in embarrassment. I blinked, \"Really, you will?\". Kuro nodded firmly at that, and I smiled. Then we heard Johnny and Robin arguing about the needs of women, the topic being Maid Marian. Eridan chuckled amusedly at them. Friar Tuck came in, announcing the contest and the prize, with Kuro fetching my bowl, filling it with soup, giving it to me as I still sat in my hammock. I laughed in merriment at Robin's dramatic flair, and we discussed the plan. Friar Tuck told me that there is a entertainment stage, and one woman gets picked to sing. Again, my disguised name is to be 'Mistress Selenia of Colchester', and I was to be disguised as a black fox with a handmade blonde wig, in a purple dress. With the plan and the final details done, I went to bed, but before I did, Kuro taught me her favorite dance, which was the Irish jig. It made me laugh and my heart has lightened up some with the healing aid by Kuro. With the boys distracted, practicing their sword-fighting, we kissed gently yet lovingly. I sent Kuro off as she hugged Eridan, saying that she had to return to Nottingham again. I fell into dreamland soon enough. {Next Day} A beautiful day to trick a lion and a wolf, reunite two lovebird foxes, and fight rude/clumsy rhinos. In my disguise, I joined along with Johnny introducing me to Prince John, and he gave a gesture for me to go on the stage. In the distance, I saw Robin in his stork disguise, and I smiled slightly as I saw Kuro guarding by one of the towers. I took deep breaths as I heard the head crocodile announce my disguised name, and the drums beating a slow rhythm. \"This song is to represent the women who had fathers, and I ask you all to listen.\". I called out gracefully yet loudly. Then I began. \"The Call\" It started out as a feeling. Which then grew into a hope. Which then turned into a quiet thought. Which then turned into a quiet word. And then that word grew louder and louder. 'Til it was a battle cry. I'll come back when you call me. No need to say goodbye. Just because everything's changing. Doesn't mean it's never been this way before. All you can do is try to know who your friends are. As you head off to the war. Pick a star on the dark horizon and follow the light. You'll come back when it's over. No need to say goodbye. You'll come back when it's over. No need to say goodbye. Now we're back to the beginning. It's just a feeling and no one knows yet. But just because they can't feel it too. Doesn't mean that you have to forget. Let your memories grow stronger and stronger. 'Til they're before your eyes. You'll come back when they call you. No need to say goodbye. You'll come back when they call you. No need to say goodbye. I stopped and there was silence at first, then it came noise. Cheers, whistles, claps, whoops, shouts of exclamation. I glanced slightly to see Kuro widely smiling as she clapped, an impressive shine in her eyes. Unknowingly, as I was distracted, Prince John had a look of admiration yet lust in his eyes. Then the head crocodile announced that it's time for the archery contest to begin. I stepped off the stage, heading to rest against the fence to watch the contest, cheering politely for every person who tried their best. Couldn't help it once I watched Robin win every time. You just have to show off, don't you, bro? I growled lightly under my breath once I saw Robin arrested. I smirked as I saw Kuro assisting Johnny to fight the Sheriff. I whistled for Eridan nearby, who had a bucket of water. I got off the wig as the water removed all the black ink from my fur, and I tore the dress off, revealing my dear clothes under. I ran, doing many warrior moves as possible against the rhinos, laughing merrily as Clucky aided me. Robin and Maid Marian tore off into the forest. I yelled one last line toward the crowd and everyone else including Prince John before I joined Kuro into the forest. \"King Richard is the Rightful King of England! Long Live England and King Richard!\". I laughed mightily as Kuro and Eridan recounted their parts in that episode. \"Ha, ha! You should have seen that Sheriff's face when he saw I was siding with Johnny!\". Kuro shouted in memory. Eridan snorted, \"Well, I beat you when I gave an aid with Friar Tuck and his friend.\". \"I beat you both when I shocked that prince once I gave my loyalty for King Richard.\". I replied casually as I smirked in triumph. The siblings looked at each other silently, and nodded like they agreed on something. Kuro smiled, \"That's my Ruby. Ever the woman to know what to say no matter what.\". I blushed brightly at that, and as the day was ending, we ended back into the hideout, seeing all of Nottingham dancing and cheering with the fox couple. I laughed merrily as Kuro asked if I could dance with her, and I nodded. We danced well into the night, with glances toward Eridan who's playing the beats with his hands upon a log. I hummed loudly within the \"Prince John is a dud\" song, as I went to sleep later on after almost everyone left for their homes. Eridan went to sleep into his hammock after he was helped by Kuro since he somehow got sick from all the dancing and music-making. I saw Robin sleeping with Maid Marian soundly together into their hammock, and Johnny was resting against the log. I felt my hammock moving and I felt hands holding my body behind, and I turned slightly, the corner of my eye seeing Kuro resting, soft purrs echoing in her body against me, and I smiled, snuggling closer within Kuro's body, finally drifting off into dreamland.[Chapter 8] (Kuro's P.O.V.) Two days has passed since the archery fiasco, and I heard Prince John had raised the taxes too far that Nottingham is desperately poor by the law. Along with the band and Ruby, Eridan, I tried to help get the townspeople have some aid, but to my dismay, the Sheriff always got the funds taken into Prince John's treasury. I heard that the prince has arrested some of the townspeople already, and some others had moved away. I was starting to have a feeling that things are going to get worse soon enough. Today was Sunday, and Ruby told me that she was heading to the church to help Tuck out. I told her to come straight home once she's done. Ruby nodded and kissed me before she headed off. I smiled softly, and Eridan came by me, told me, \"Don't worry, she got Tuck with her, and the mouse couple as well.\". I nodded at him, his purple eyes smiling in reclamation, and I went to the stream to catch some fish for lunch, leaving Eridan alone. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) As I got to church and greeted Tuck, and the mouse couple, Little Sister and Isaac, I went to grab a broom to sweep out the back rooms that served as Tuck's bedroom and library. I heard the beginnings of a rainstorm, and chuckled as I heard the bell ring. Using my fox hearing, I could hear the soft piano music that Isaac was making, and I sadly smiled as I remembered what happens here in this church from the movie. A half hour, I was startled to hear the loud steps of the Sheriff, and the rant that Tuck was making. I growled slightly, and I slipped out, seeing the Sheriff pushed around by Tuck furiously, and I could hear the thumps of a sword against wood. I hurried by, went to hide behind the tombstones, the rain nearly dousing me, and I snarled at the Sheriff chaining Tuck, and I jumped off a tombstone, tackled the Sheriff, my claws visibly out to scratch him madly, and I heard calls from Tuck for me. What the! My breath was taken out as I was forced into the ground, feeling a sharp bruise in my chest. I looked up to realize that the Sheriff had the end of his sword hit me harshly. \"You dare take the friar on a day of church! I will gladly hurt you for this!\". I sharply snorted, and the Sheriff looked horrified for a second until he smiled maliciously. I felt my head hit by sharp claws, and I landed upon the ground forcibly, and I glanced back to see one of the vultures, one I recognized as Trigger. I snarled slightly, and began to pounce toward Trigger when I was suddenly tackled by the Sheriff. His heavy frame stopped me from moving anywhere, and soon, I was chained, and my muzzle was tied up as well after I had cursed him and Trigger viciously as I saw that we had left the boundary of the church. We got to the castle, and soon into the Jailhouse tower, I was chained in a room that was on the left next to Tuck's room. Gratefully, my muzzle was freed from its gag. I tried to call over to Tuck, and as it turns out, the walls was nearly soundproof. Alone in a dark, quiet room, I thought back to Kuro and the band. Please don't do anything rash, Kuro. I went to sleep, exhausted after that adrenaline fight in the rain. (Kuro's P.O.V.) \"Please let me go, Eridan, d %# it!\". I shouted, struggling furiously as Eridan held me strongly. How dare that Sheriff take my Ruby?! Eridan snapped softly, \"No, Kuro. Ruby wouldn't want you to do anything rash, you idiot! She may be in jail, but she's not alone! We'll save her and the others!\". Robin grinned widely, \"Eridan is right! We have to disguise ourselves and find out what's going in that castle, but first, Kuro, snap out of it. Ruby is my sister, but she doesn't want you to be hurt or worse!\". Little Sister and Isaac, who's standing in Johnny's paws, \"Oh, please help Friar Tuck, Mr. Hood. We need hope! And he's the one who gives us hope along with your band.\". They replied, worried as heck. I sighed, calming down, and Eridan noticed, letting me go. \"Fine, what is the plan, Robin?\". I asked pleadingly. Robin smiled reassuringly at that, and told me of the plan for the spying. Oh, Ruby. Please be careful in there. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) Light flooded my eyes blindly, and I snorted, \"Get that light out of my eyes!\". The light moved some, revealing it to be a lantern, and the person holding it was Prince John. \"Manners, miss. You must be the Rubyflower Hood I have heard so much.\". He politely yet coldly said. His tone sent a shiver down my spine. I stared warily, \"What do I have the honors of having you here, sir?\". Prince John chuckled slowly and surely as his eyes glittered of humor and something else I couldn't identify. \"Oh, I was curious of you, and I thought you would like some company, granted that it's surely so dark here, couldn't you say?\". \"I would rather be alone, sir.\". I replied sharply. Prince John narrowed his eyes, \"I am the law here, and I will stay here as long as I want to, Rubyflower. And there's nothing you can't do, due to your situation.\". I widened my eyes, and I suddenly was face to face too close personally. The lantern was doused, and I was thrown into a nightmare. ~No point of view~ Screams echoed throughout the tower, terrifying the citizens on the upper floor, many families holding their children, terrified as they heard the screams down below them. The origin of the screams was closed of a door, dark, no telling what's happening. Next door in another room, was the Friar Tuck, and he was horrified to recognize that the screams was of Rubyflower, his surrogate niece and dear friend. He can't stop hearing sobs, evil laughter, pleas, and much more terrifying. Chained, he couldn't stop his tears of fear and helplessness, and realizing that rape was taking place next door, he remembered a story, a legend. This story tells of the Lord and the Devil. The Lord and the Devil themselves have boundaries about people doing devious/evil things. Now, a carriage crash or say, a honorable death in a house fire is fine, safe, and that lets people through for heaven or hell as an admission. But say, murdering someone without a reason or raping someone against their will by a royal or child of the church is extremely devious/evil, and it crosses the boundary lines excessively. The person who's doing the devious/evil motive gets their soul branded and the mind contained by nightmares forever. The followers of heaven/hell with the victim's deceased chosen family members do the branding and the nightmare power. Friar Tuck recognizes the laughter as Prince John, and he never forgets a voice ever, and he realizes that the prince will have his soul branded and his mind full of nightmares if the story is true, and Rubyflower as the victim, her family watching the devious act, and will act upon the prince furiously. He wonders who the Lord and the Devil will send to punish the prince. He prayed that Rubyflower will heal from this horrifying time, and prayed that he and the people of Nottingham will be saved. He would remember the look Kuro would have if she saw/heard of this. What he doesn't know is that the castle was horrified and disgusted as well. The Sheriff, outside, shocked to hear screams, and he was horrified that Prince John came into the tower and was intending to do this. He was disgusted at how a royal would do this. Heck, he knows King Richard, and he is dignified, never breaking any law or anything, but Prince John, a coward and a monster that he finally realized. He wouldn't dare hurt a woman anything, especially that ! The Sheriff was happy in chasing outlaws like Robin Hood, and taxing people. Sir Hiss was worse, realizing that the queen mother would be devastated and furious at this event if she was still alive. What King Richard would do for this scandal, Sir Hiss only can guess the worst punishment. What anyone would remember that day was more revealing, terrifying, and shocking than any day in history ever known.[Chapter 9] But the next day was much more revealing and powerful, much to everybody's minds. It was midnight as four beings came up to the royal castle, and in the dark, they are revealed to be Robin Hood, Little John, Kuro, and Eridan. They crawled up the walls by rope, and evaded the wolf guards as they got to ground level. With slight nods, Robin got ready to disguise himself as Nutsy as Little John nabbed the real Nutsy under the Sheriff and Trigger's noses. Robin got the Sheriff asleep while Little John aka Johnny and Kuro slipped into the jailhouse tower. Eridan joined Robin as he slipped back into the bushes, and the duo men went on and up to the royal tower where Prince John, Sir Hiss was sleeping within the money. (Kuro's P.O.V.) I poked Johnny's shoulder as a door with the words 'condemned to be hanged' grabbed my attention, and Johnny nodded, unlocked the door, and I saw Friar Tuck chained up. \"Thank goodness you all got here. My prayers has been answered.\" He replied wearily in a relieved voice. I asked him quickly, \"Where's Ruby?\". My eyes concerned and a gut feeling that something's wrong. Tuck looked up helplessly, and sighed, \"I'm afraid that I do know, but...,\". \"Tuck! What happened?\". I exclaimed sharply. A horrified yet forlorning look appeared upon Tuck's face, \"It was the fortnight she was approached..by him .\". I snarled in frustration, \"Who and where is she?\". \"She's next door,..it was the prince.\". He whispered terrified by my sharp anger. I widened my eyes in shock, and all thoughts disappeared from me as I ran blindly outside, opening the door, and I was shocked still by the terrible sight that came upon my eyes. In chains was my Ruby, her blue outfit ripped and tore, making her somewhat naked, bruises and cuts upon her body, and face. A pained groan came from Ruby, and I slowly came upon, my shadow touching her body, and her eyes opened to reveal broken, dimmed blue orbs. A small smile appeared weakly. \"You came..Kuro.\". She spoke hoarsely. My heart was broken instantly, and a fire of anger, fear, concern, shock stirred inside me as I glanced upon Ruby, my Ruby. I gently held her cheek, \"I'm here, you're safe now.\". Steps came behind me, and I turned to see Johnny shocked, devastated as he hesitated. \"I..have the key..\". Johnny whispered brokenly. I nodded, \"Remove them, now. \". Johnny quickly unlocked the chains as Ruby fell into my arms, I picked her up bride style, gently watching her as she winced very visibly. Ruby nuzzled into my chest, and her eyes closed, falling into unconsciousness and exhaustion. Her breaths rattling softly. I carried her quickly down to the ground floor, posed at the stairs as I waited for Johnny and Tuck to bring down the villagers with the moneybags. Everybody was neither shocked or terrified as they saw Ruby in my arms, Johnny nabbed the Sheriff and quickly disguised himself outside. The Sheriff, gagged, stared in disbelief at Ruby, and sighed heavily with a 'I knew this would happen' look. I glared lightly, then Johnny gave the signal. I came out quickly as I saw Robin and Eridan go out on the money bag line, and screams soon came from Prince John, him . Eridan soon was upon the ground and looked shocked yet angered as he saw Ruby in my arms, and he growled sharply. I heard calls and orders from Prince John, but they weren't carried out for some reason. I laid Ruby gently upon the surface of the barrel wagon with a blanket under her that a villager gave to me. The wolf archers was just standing, the head crocodile was still with a look of disgust, and the Sheriff was free again, with Nutsy and Trigger glaring with looks of anger or giving the ' cold eye'. The prince was shouting, \"What are you doing? Arrest them and get my money back, NOW!\". in a temperful fit. The Sheriff spoke out, \"We refuse to do this, for we heard you, you sick bastard. A royal never takes a person's will against their own. You raped Rubyflower Hood.\". I snarled loudly as the crowd of villagers departed in rows to let me through. \"You raped my Ruby! How dare you, you filthy leprous lion of a son!\". I shouted in anger loudly. \"You raped a woman, a great woman we all respect and love.\". Eridan snarled lightly and all the villagers nodded or voiced their agreements. Robin shouted, \"You aren't worthy to wear the crown, you cowardly lion! King Richard is, and when he hears of this, he will be glad to punish you forever.\". \"How dare you accuse me, outlaw?! I'm the prince and so, that means I'm the law!\". The prince angrily spat out. \"No, you aren't the law, royal. We are.\". announced a male voice smoothly as the speaker appeared into sight by a white beam. The person was revealed to be a dark brown hawk, with ebony eyes, gold claws, clothed in a white/blue tunic. A gasp, one I recognized as Friar Tuck, \"Gabriel, the messenger angel!\". \"Correct, mortal.\". Spoke Gabriel smoothly. \"We are here to punish the mortal, Prince John.\". I asked confusedly, \"We?\". A soft smile appeared upon Gabriel's beak, and we all saw neither white/red beams. 12 beings appeared into sight. \"I introduce to you, the ones sent by heaven and hell.\". Gabriel spoke as he introduced all of them. The archangels, Raphael and Michael; Raphael is a ebony eagle with dark brown eyes, silver claws, clothed in a red/white tunic. Michael is a blonde swallow with bright brown eyes, gold claws, clothed in a silver/gray tunic. The angel of redemption, Uriel was revealed to be a light brown robin with light brown eyes, white claws, clothed in a black/white tunic. Representing hell; the son of the devil, Cain, to my surprise, is a large chocolate brown cobra with silver eyes, a black rattle, has a red stripe down his body. There was the head demon, Azazel, who is a blood red warthog with ebony eyes, smoky black hooves, clothed in a gray loincloth. And his fellow demons; 2 black hyenas, 2 dark green crocodiles, 1 gray bat, all with either blood red/amber gold eyes, clothed in red loincloths. But to my absolute surprise, I was shocked to see two people who was revealed to be male family members of Ruby. First, there was her ancestor, revealed to be a arctic white fox with pine brown eyes, pale gray wings, clothed in a black/red tunic. And finally, there was Ruby's father, the cause of her grief all these days ago, yet the loss of her life. He is a oak brown fox with bright blue eyes, white wings, clothed in a blue/silver tunic. Ruby's father then spoke in a threatening, angry voice, \"You broke my daughter, her screams broke my heart, and now I will break you first.\". He crouched down, his claws appeared, his fangs gleaming, then he leaped, came into the prince. Dust came up, unable for the rest of us to see what's happening to the lion, only hearing breaks, screams, growls, snarls. When the dust cleared, leaving Ruby's father to return to the side of his/Ruby's ancestor, and I saw the prince tore up, bleeding, holding a broken arm. \"Ancestor, shall you be next?\". spoke Gabriel. The ancestor shook his head, \"No, I will check on Rubyflower. May you help me, Michael?\". Michael nodded, and joined the ancestor as they flew over to Ruby's side, checking her over. I sighed in relief. A groan came from the prince, making me look over again. \"Cain, son of the devil, you have your turn to choose yourself or one of your demons\". Raphael spoke softly yet there's a commanding tone in his voice. Cain grinned widely and nodded. He then suddenly zoomed to the prince, stirring dust again, only able to see a glance of Cain holding the prince so tightly in his grip. I heard a woosh sound, then a piercing scream came out, and a sharp cold chuckle followed by. Cain came out of the dust, returning to his past position besides Azazel, leaving the prince with his ears having round holes in the middle, and the crown laying in the ground, a bit dirty but unbreakable. \"Prince John, you are never to have any redemption, for the Lord says so.\". said Uriel regally yet piercing. I raised my hand up, and Gabriel nodded, \"Yes, mortal?\". \"Is he punished for eternity, sir?\". I asked respectfully. Gabriel started to speak when Raphael interrupted. \"He is to be branded to be punished forever til his death. He will have nightmares to haunt him. He won't be welcome into my Lord's land or the Devil's realm, so the law of Eternity notes.\". I blinked once then twice before I nodded to understand what that means. Ruby's father then spoke, \"My daughter doesn't deserve to be like this. I trust you to help her all you can. Heal her, listen to her, aid her.\". I nodded determinedly, \"My friends and I will see to her forever as long as it takes to have her back to her wonderful, adventurous self.\". Ruby's father nodded with a hard smile. \"It will be long for this mortal to bounce back, for she has much burdens in her life, especially with the situation soon.\". spoke Michael as he came up to me, leaving the ancestor to take over Ruby's condition. Robin spoke then, \"How do you mean by that, sir?\". A soft sigh, Michael spoke \"She is becoming a mother. I could feel the fetus within her.\". I widened, \"She's pregnant?!\". I turned in anger toward the prince, \"You?!\". Gabriel stopped me before I even moved a foot. \"Listen to me, mortal. Your lover needs you as she needs you. It's only up to her if she wants to remove the fetus or not. It may be part of Prince John's genes, but it's also her genes as well. Does she want a family? I don't know, but she will be cared of, if you can focus back to her. Besides, you don't want her to be alone, do you?\". I sighed heavily, and glanced over to see Ruby sleeping, her bruises healed, her body holding a secret. I nodded to myself, then glanced back to Gabriel, who's having a soft smile. \"I may not know what the future brings, but I will be with Ruby no matter what.\". I spoke strongly. Gabriel nodded. \"Demons, please do the branding, while I hold the prince.\". spoke Raphael. The head demon and his fellow demons smiled widely as their eyes sparkled of delight. Azazel moved a hoof, and a iron appeared, gleaming red hot at the ends, the ends holding a word. Raphael popped behind the prince, and held him down on the ground. The prince screaming in fear as the demons approached with Azazel at the front, and quickly as a bandage, the prince got branded fiercely upon his chest. As the soldering iron got off, I saw the full word, a word in Latin: Saecula. Michael spoke \"It means 'forever'. Prince John will wear it forever and it will show to all who sees it.\". I nodded understandingly. Raphael then spoke, \" And now he has nightmares to haunt him as well. I've made sure of it.\". Gabriel and the others nodded and agreed. Ruby's father then requested, \"If you put him into jail, and wait for King Richard, you'll explain all what happened.\". The Sheriff smiled maliciously, \"I got that, sir.\". Sir Hiss who appeared a while ago, spoke, \"The king will make sure of the worst punishment for his ex-brother here on earth.\". Ruby's father and ancestor smiled widely at that, and disappeared in white beams. Cain, and the demons nodded at the angels and disappeared in red beams. \"Mortals, take care well, and may you be blessed.\". spoke Uriel softly before he disappeared in a white beam. Raphael and Michael looked at us all, and looked particularly upon Tuck. \"We will listen to your prayers, priest, and know that they will be succeeded well.\". Tuck smiled gently at that, and nodded. The archangels disappeared in white beams. Gabriel looked at me and Ruby, \"Do not worry for each other, for you are destined to be together, mortal.\". I smiled softly and nodded affirmatively at that. Gabriel only chuckled and disappeared into a white beam. I looked back to see everybody still and quiet. I heard a whimper, and I looked over to see the Sheriff picking up the prince and getting him into the jailhouse tower. All the castle residents dispersed. Robin poked me, and Eridan looked at me worriedly. I shooked my head, gesturing that I'm fine. I came upon Ruby's side, sitting on the floor, resting her head upon my lap, as the villagers got on, passing us by, giving concerned looks. Johnny heaved and dragged the cart out of the castle, leading to Nottingham. The villagers got off, dispersed to their homes. I carried Ruby gently and softly as I got home with the others to the hideout, Maid Marian having a gasp of surprise as she saw Ruby in my arms. I sighed, got Ruby into her hammock, hearing Robin promising to explain everything soon after they have some sleep. I went into my hammock, heading to dreamland as Eridan joined by in his hammock. Hearing the others moving to their hammocks, starting to snore, I drifted off with a last thought. How can I tell Ruby about her secret, one she doesn't know? Please hear my prayers, Lord. Give her happy dreams today.[Chapter 10] Many weeks has passed since that fateful day at the castle. King Richard had returned recently, and heard all that happened, exiled his ex-brother, and gave him to a mining village, where he requested that the miners put the ex-prince to work for the rest of his life. As for the Sheriff and Sir Hiss, they were received a jail sentence for three months, making bricks for extra houses in Nottingham, and they were demoted to be caretakers of the moat around the castle. In much uplifting news, Robin and Maid Marian has gotten married, and received a respectable piece of property with a manor to go along with it. The dear couple became lord and lady, and Robin was made the new sheriff, while Marian as the King's ward, was to be one of the teachers for Rubyflower's upcoming child. Little John was made as the Captain of the guards. And for Rubyflower and her love, Kuro, became very close partners, and due to the fact that the child will be neither a nephew/niece, became permanent residents of the castle, though they frequently visit Nottingham, and see Eridan there as well. Eridan had met a lovely, smart woman who is a Persian white cat. Her name is Leah, and she was originally from London, a great friend of King Richard. They are courting already. Rubyflower eventually got over her terrible ordeal, has often flinched when it comes to meeting strangers, especially men. It took a long time to get used to being around King Richard and the guards, but she got through it with the help of her family. She couldn't wait to meet her child soon, for she's rather excited yet nervous. (Rubyflower's P.O.V.) I gave birth to a healthy, unique baby boy, and I and Kuro spent a week with him before King Richard announced the day to unveil the first appearance of the new prince to the public. Horns came and went, and we all went to the balcony before the square. I took a deep breath, and Kuro noticed my look of concern. \"Love, don't worry. Our son is beautiful no matter what he is or who he is. Everyone will love him, I know it, Ruby.\". I nodded and kissed her lovingly and adoringly. A yawn called out, and I turned to see Friar Tuck holding my baby boy, softly smiling. \"I marked him. He didn't move a muscle at all.\". I chuckled, \"Well, he seems to love sleeping very much.\". Tuck nodded, and handed him to me. I glanced down, and caressed him on his forehead with my tongue, and my baby boy turned, revealing his sand golden fox body, with a cream white belly and muzzle. His lion ears perked up, and his lion tail twitched, revealing a tuft of dark brown fur. He blinked his eyes twice, opening them to reveal bright blue eyes, twitching his gray nose. A dark dot marked his forehead, signaling that he's the heir of King Richard, and he's clothed in a plain diaper. \"Time to see the people, my son.\". I whispered lovingly. My boy squeaked lightly like he's saying that he can't wait. I smiled at him, and glanced at Kuro who's having a look of love and awe. I carried him gently as Kuro placed her arm over my body, following closely, as Tuck followed in the rear. Ahead, I could see King Richard in his royal garments, smiling widely at us, and I got to him first, as Kuro stood on my left, and Tuck stood distantly in the far left. Richard opened his arms, and I gave my son to him gently, making a mew pop from the baby. Down below, I could see all of Nottingham and all the castle residents, standing in delight, nervousness, happiness, wonder, and curiosity. \"My subjects, today sees a remarkable day in all of history, for I give you all, the new prince and my heir of England, Ashleigh The First!\". Richard announced clearly and loudly as he showed my son, Ashleigh, or Ash for short as I and the family calls him. The full name is Ashleigh Harrold The First of Nottingham. It's a mouthful, huh? All the people cheered and roared their approvals as they laid their eyes upon Ash. Ash only blinked and gave a rather excitable meow, moving somewhat that he seems to like the attention. I smiled in joy and love as Kuro kissed me upon the cheek gently. The wind came by, and the sun seems to beam upon Ash like the universe approves of him very well. I sent a prayer of thanks toward my father, the rest of the family, and the residents of Heaven, especially to Gabriel. And distantly, somehow I could hear a horn replying back, saying Heaven heard me. Ash whimpered, calling for me, and Richard noticed, lowering Ash and giving him to me into my arms. I nuzzled Ash softly, and Kuro caressed him with a paw. Later on, after everybody left, Robin, Marian, Johnny, and Eridan came in, played and cooed with Ash. Eridan and Robin was so happy that they are uncles, and Marian was delighted that she has a nephew-in-law. Johnny was excited that he announced that he can't wait to show Ash Sherwood Forest once Ash gets much older. Clucky wasn't around, claiming that she had relatives to visit in London, but in a letter, she says that she can't wait to see the lad. Ash looked so awed and overwhelmed over all the attention he had all day, that he practically went to sleep in the middle of one of Robin's stories. I chuckled amusedly, and Kuro looked like she knew this would happen. I got Ash into bed in his nursery which looks like a soft blue sky literally. \"Ash has done well today, hasn't he?\". Kuro commented as she stood in the doorway, looking at us lovingly and adoringly. I nodded, looking at my baby son with a passionate feeling of love and pride. \"He certainly did. Granted, he came from a difficult beginning, but now, I wouldn't imagine life without him. Ash lights up my life as you light up my heart, Kuro.\". Kuro came up to me, hugged me softly, pulled back to look at me with a shine of respect. \"Ruby, you had so much, troubling times they were, but look at us now. We're in a castle, safe, and we have a son, a family that support us all, loyal friends in Nottingham, and heck, even we have respect from ole Sheriff and that Hiss companion of his. Sometimes it felt like a dream, but when I look at you and Ash, it is so real, that I believe that even death can't break the family, not into the afterlife, indeed. I love you, Rubyflower Hood, from the meadows to the shores of England and beyond.\". I broke a few tears at that confession, and kissed Kuro passionately, and we gathered down into bed, holding each other, listening distantly for the soft breaths of Ash, and I fell asleep, the lullaby of Kuro's heart lulling me into darkness. I gave a whisper to my totem necklace, \"Watch over Ash and all of us, Sunrise.\". then nothing.[Chapter 11] (Sunrise's P.O.V.) Well, I heard Rubyflower's request, and I couldn't refuse one of my warriors, indeed, especially one who had went through so much. I gladly watched over Ash, and the children, all the family. Robin and Marian had compromised to have 8 children after Kuro and Skippy had convinced them somewhat. And I had to say some of them were surprises. Let's see here, a set of twins had been born at Halloween or 'Samhain', and a single child had been born upon a day before New Year's Eve within Ash's 1st year of life. By Ash's third/fourth year of life, a set of triplets had been born upon Kuro's birthday which is June 3rd, and finally, a set of twins had been born only a day before King Richard's birthday, which is September 8th. The first set of twins are fraternal; a girl and a boy. The girl is a lookalike of Marian, with fiery red fur, and Robin's almond brown eyes. Her brother is said to be taken to look like Robin's father, a touch thicker frame of body, with rich chocolate brown eyes, and his fur a shade darker than Robin's red-orange fur. Respectively, their names are Daniela Rose; Nellie for short, and Erasmus Archer; Eros for short. And the third oldest which is a single child; a boy. He was surprisingly different from his older/younger siblings, that Marian presumed that it was a periment gene of her ancestors. The boy is taken to look like his father, Robin in features, but that's where it stops. His fur, shockingly, is a coal black, and he has Marian's light amber brown eyes. He was called Beowulf Dalton; Baltun for short. The set of triplets respectively was two boys, a girl. The eldest boy is a copycat of Robin in looks, but his features was said to be taken to look like Marian's father, which is a taller, slimmer frame, and a narrower muzzle. The only difference was his eyes. They revealed to be a darker shade of Robin's eye color. His younger brother was almost the same in looks and features, the only differences was his nose and eyes. His eyes are revealed to be a lighter shade of Marian's eye color, and his nose is gray. And lastly, their sister was said to look like a enhanced Marian. Her features was sharper, her fur, a bright red-orange, and her eyes are mixed in color. The iris was revealed to be almond brown while the inside of the iris came to be light amber brown. Her eyes was a surprise to the family, especially Kuro, who was surprised to find a kindred spirit within the child. Respectively, they are named Hadden Frederick; Hadrick for short, Harrison Ferdinand; Dison for short, and Carissa Elizabeth; Rissa for short. Finally, the second set of twins; identical, and are revealed to be girls. Both girls in looks and features are said to look like Marian's mother, who had a petite, graceful frame, with a shorter muzzle. Their fur color revealed to be a crimson red, and their eye color happened to be rich chocolate brown. The definite ways to tell them apart is their heights, or their tails. The eldest girl is five inches taller than her sister, and for the tails, the eldest girl's tail is high curled while the youngest girl's tail is straight low. The sisters respectively are called Ethel Natalie; Etta for short, and Wren Roberta; Ren for short. As for Eridan and Leah, they got engaged by Ash's fifth year of life, and planning to get married the following spring. Ash had grown into a nimble, quick, clever, and wise young fox, and he revealed that he got a lion mane starting out in pre-teen stages, growing to be dark brown as well. Altogether, he looks like a fox version of King Richard, with lion features and with Rubyflower's bright blue eyes contrasting. The ex-prince John, you ask? Well, let's say he committed a suicide inside his employee's mines, causing a mini rock-slide off the back coast. Some villagers commented that he was turned insane by the continuous nightmares. Others say he couldn't take it anymore. Either way, he died a cowardly way, only bittersweetly mourned by King Richard. Everybody has eyes for the future, especially Rubyflower and Kuro, who have been lovingly looking after Ash. Rubyflower knew she had found her true home, safety and security within a wonderful family, and great, loyal friends as well. Rubyflower, welcome home and good fortunes to you. ","Summary":" Hi, Rubyflower here. Family and friends call me Ruby for short. I am a warrior of the Sierra Travel"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"The Rise of Nottingham","Author":"DimensionTraveler23","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12883997","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, my viewers! This is AU, having two alternate endings within Nottingham and its hero, Robin Hood. My dear friend, retro mania, he has requested for this story, and from there, I had suggested the alternate endings which he has taken with great approval, and so, I give you, 'The Rise of Nottingham'. Enjoy! -Traveler. It was a era where the stars were more numerous, The Milky Way bright among the planets in the system, and one planet very colorful compared to its neighbors. This is Earth, in the time of the Crusades, around the 12th century, full of anthropomorphic animals. Within Earth, under the copper blue sky, above the crystal blue seas, over the lush green lands, laid a nation, a country called England. Deep within a dark, lush forest, within a range of underground caves, at the peak of a boulder, with feet over the edge, sat an adult Fox. The wind rustled gently against his dark green clothes, his cream/ginger red fur. This is the infamous outlaw, Robin Hood. He sighed lightly as he closed his light brown eyes in thought. His ears flickered, listening to the chatter of his people underground, the giggles of young kids as they played, the clicking of a stone against another to spark a cooking fire. It was barely a couple of days ago when he came to the castle to free Friar Tuck and the imprisoned villagers. He faintly caressed his arm, as there was a scar under his sleeve. He had received it while dodging the nearly accurate arrows of Prince John's archers in the moat. Thankfully, one of the young children's mothers, along with Robin's love, Maid Marian had stitched it up. He opened his eyes in anger as his snout wrinkled back to reveal his teeth, grinding them as he remembered Prince John's orders. He had ordered that all of Nottingham to be killed on sight which means not just him, but Little John, Friar Tuck, Maid Marian, Little Skippy, the others. He sighed heavily as he remembered yesterday. Agatha Rabbit, the kindly yet poor mother of Skippy had been shot while digging for roots. Little John was there, but he felt so guilty that he couldn't save her in time as the fateful arrow pierced Agatha's heart. Robin closed his eyes, growling in frustration. He should've known that the patrols has been busy since the castle fire. Little John gratefully survived, yet he was shot in the leg. He is resting in one of the caves right now. He opened his eyes again, his ears prickling up as he heard footsteps behind him, and he turned his head to see who's there, and sighed deeply with a weak smile as he recognized his love. Marian blinked her lovely brown eyes as her light red fur ruffled among her purple lavender dress and pink veil, a comforting smile adorned on her white muzzle. \"Robin, dear, are you alright?\". She came up to sit besides her love, glancing at him in concern. Robin sighed deeply, \"Honestly, no. I couldn't stop thinking about these few days ago.\". Marian rested her head on his shoulder softly, \"Love, it wasn't your fault yesterday or the day before. I had never realized that John could have suggested to improvise the patrols.\". Robin shrugged, \"I suppose so, but it doesn't lessen the pain or loss. I told Skippy about his mother as I was supposedly his hero, he has the right to blame me.\". Marian held Robin's hand, \"Oh, Robin. I have seen how Skippy has idolized you, love. He won't blame you. He will blame John as he was the one to say the order.\". Robin nodded in agreement, \"Yes, you are right as you always are, Marian. That fool doesn't know when to stop. I only can hope that King Richard can return soon as possible, as we are in trouble. The town is deserted, yet we have the people hidden from sight. Sooner or later, John will do the same to the rest of England, and I have to do something!\". Marian kissed his cheek lovingly and gently, \"You won't be alone, love. We have friends, family.\". Robin smiled at her, chuckled, \"Yes. Sherwood Forest shall be our sanctuary until King Richard reclaims the throne once John is dealt with.\". They hugged warmly, not caring who is watching them.[Chapter 2] Inside one of the caves, upon a cot, laid a large Bear, clothed in green, brown-furred, having warm brown eyes. He is Little John, the best friend of Robin, yet he felt he didn't deserve it lately. He shivered in his sleep, yelling in fear as his claws pierced the corners of the cot, trapped in a nightmare. He was running toward Agatha, who was falling so slowly, her face frozen as her heart was pierced by the fateful arrow. So much blood. Screams from himself, soft words from the dying mother. Evil laughter echoing through cracking, bleeding trees. Darkness. Robin's eyes widened in shock, staring at him. Skippy glaring at him. Veins turning into ice, heart beating, his claws stained with Agatha's blood. He couldn't stop seeing the death, haunting him. Red eyes staring at him, with a grin of gleaming teeth in the darkness, cackling. Running, running to nowhere, with a shadow chasing him. The Shadow's arms outstretched as he screamed, closing his eyes. Little John woke up, gave out a roar in distress, opening his red-rimmed eyes, panting heavily, his body shaking in cold sweats. He blinked so much, taking deep breaths, and murmured, \"That was worse than the first one.\". \"Little John, are you feeling alright? I heard your roar.\". asked their former enemy, now ally, Sir Hiss. He is a slender, light olive green snake with only a blue cap, and yellow eyes. He had snapped violently when he was chased by Prince John in the castle fire. He fortunately survived, and came to the church, hoping to speak with Friar Tuck that day, and he did, and he allied with Robin and his band, hiding with the others down here. \"Oh, hey, Hiss. No, I am not. I failed, Hiss. They killed her in front of me, and I couldn't save her.\". Little John sighed as he spat desperately. Sir Hiss blinked in surprise, bit his lip, and then gasped slightly as something came to him. He slithered slowly in front of his new friend, and replied, \"Little John, listen to me. That fool of a brat John is, he did something terrible with those orders. I only knew Agatha a day before her terrible death, and I can tell that she wouldn't want you to blame yourself. I mean, she must have said something, right?\". Little John nodded slowly, \"She said that I was to look after her children along with Robin and Marian, protect them with my life for her in honor, and that she was at peace, knowing that her family is in sanctuary.\". Sir Hiss nodded, \"That's good, because she trusted you with all her heart. She died gracefully, and the Lord shall receive her well.\". Little John gently patted Sir Hiss on the back of his spine in thanks, \"I appreciate it, Hiss.\". Hiss smiled softly, and then asked, \"You coming for lunch? Noon is set already in the sky.\". Little John nodded, \"I could use some fresh air. What are we having?\". Sir Hiss sheepishly curled his tail up, \"I didn't ask further as I heard you in the middle of the conversation I was having with the blacksmith, Otto.\". Little John chuckled, and he got up, walking gently around Sir Hiss, heading to the front of the cave, with Sir Hiss. Sir Hiss commented, \"I wonder if it's stew again.\". Little John sniffed the air, \"Nope, it's porridge.\". \"It's been a while since I had that. So warm-filling, soft, and good with the herbs, indeed.\". Sir Hiss replied, and Little John chuckled, \"Well, you're in luck, Hiss. Let's not be late before the rest gets eaten by the others.\". They finally reached the opening of the cave, welcoming the shadowed light of the sun and the breeze, and still continuing their talk, they left entirely, unknowing that someone else was with them during the conversation. Agatha Rabbit chuckled lightly, smiled softly as her aura glimmered softly, her transparent pale fur compensating along with her dull purple/pink clothes, the shine of her glasses showing off her warm brown eyes, revealing herself as a spirit, a ghost. She murmured to herself, \"They shall be in good fortune in time. They will keep their word. Be safe, my dear friends and family.\". She then slowly vanished into the darkness, crossing over to a unseen, bright light as she has no unfinished business, going home to the Lord's land. She only knew that she had left a world in need, in faith, in hope.[Chapter 3] It was late in the evening. Somewhere near England, in the English Channel, a storm was brewing quite violently. A solidly wood-crafted ship with ripped dark blue sails was taking on so much water as the crew struggled to drain the seawater out, with the Captain yelling at the King of England at the wheel. The brown-furred Timber Wolf in his captain garb, glared at his companion with piercingly gold eyes, \"We can't make it, Richard! It's too strong!\". King Richard, garbed in chain mail, royal clothes, as he's a gold-furred Lion with a light brown mane and dark brown eyes, responded, \"We have to try, Tekin! England is expecting me back!\". As if the storm could speak, it sent lightning to the sails, and set all surroundings on fire. The crew screamed in fear as Richard yelled, \"Captain, can we make it?!\". Captain Tekin growled, and yelled out orders to the crew before the fire can consume the deck, and turned the wheel, obeying his king's orders even if they are in the middle of the Channel, and the ship, even with its sails destroyed, leaned around. Then a explosion burst at the rear where the grate to the barge was, and a crew-member yelled, \"There's a hole in the side, taking on water! Fire must have sparked the barrels of ale!\". Richard yelled, \"By the Lord! Captain, get them out in the lifeboat!\". Captain Tekin widened his eyes and stared at his King in shock as Richard stared back, seriously morbid at the moment, his eyes holding a glimmer of truth that he or Tekin will not make it out. Tekin exhaled a breath, and gave out a shouted order to the crew, \"Bail out, friends! Abandon the ship!\". The crew realized that their captain is serious, and brought down the lifeboat into the water with the crew piling up the crevices of the lifeboat. The ship is now tilting up, with Tekin grasping the wheel, and Richard holding on to the rail. Richard replied solemnly, \"It has been a honor to sail with you, Captain.\". Tekin nodded, \"The same I feel as well, my King. I shall see you on the other side, yes?\". The fire had reached the deck, burning up the helm upright. The ship is now sinking under the sea, with Richard giving one last smile, \"Yes, let's go home to the Lord.\". It finally vanished into the dark depths with the lifeboat survivors staring in horror and humbling respect to their King and Captain who died for them. Once they reach the shores of England, they have to spread the bad news. King Richard is gone for once and all, and he won't return home to England ever again. Friar Tuck, a elderly, brown-furred badger, with black eyes, in a brown church's robe, gasped out loud as he woke from his fitful dream, and he knew he had to inform Robin. It was close to moonhigh when Tuck came out of his cave, heading to Robin Hood's cave. He called lowly, \"Robin, are you awake?\". A mutter sounded out, and pattering of claws as Robin came out, barefoot, and bare-chested, only wearing his trousers. Robin stretched out, \"Friar Tuck, what's going on?\". Tuck sighed heavily, \"I had just received a vision from the Lord. It's terrible news. King Richard isn't coming home..ever.\". Robin blinked in shock as he is now awake from the news. \"What did you see?\". Tuck glanced at him sadly, \"I only saw snippets, but it was enough. He..perished in a storm in the Channel. The vessel he was on, had sunk down from the forces of the storm and sea. He and the Captain had each other as they welcomed death. He wasn't alone, thank goodness, but he still perished. I suspect we shall have the crew survivors here in England sooner or later.\". Robin exhaled deeply, \"How am I going to tell Marian? It was her uncle, after all. I was rather hoping to have his approval for me to marry his own niece.\". Tuck patted Robin's shoulder, \"I am afraid I couldn't tell you what to do, but I can suggest this. Listen to your heart, and from there, you shall be able to tell Lady Marian with your words.\". Robin nodded, and smiled sadly, \"Much appreciated, Friar. It's very late. I couldn't want to bother her right now. Once dawn comes, I will tell her.\". \"And the others?\". Tuck asked in concern. Robin glanced at him, \"You have my permission to tell the others at your own time, but they will find out sooner or later anyway.\". Tuck nodded, and bid Robin good night as he left Robin's cave, heading back to his cave, and murmured out loud as he glanced at the peeking stars through the trees, \"May you help us all, Milord.\". He then headed to bed, taking time to fall asleep properly, and he eventually fell asleep. Back in Robin's cave, he fell asleep eventually with the thought that his love will be grieving once she hears from him, and sighing to himself, \"Now it's up to me. I hope you can hear me, your majesty. I promise that I will bring Nottingham back to the town it was, and stop John once and for all.\". Unknown to him, King Richard had sent a calming breeze into the cave as a sign of his approval of Robin's plan, and also for him to marry Marian as well. England shall be changed, for the better or the worse, no one knows, but Nottingham will be changed the most, which is for sure.[Chapter 4] Skippy sighed as he swung in his hammock, he glanced upon his baby sisters playing tea with Marian, which is kinda nice of her to offer. He may be 7, but he knows death as his own father was beheaded a long time ago. His fluffy white fur ruffled in the slight warm breeze under the shade of the trees, his pink nose wrinkled in thought as his warm brown eyes focused out to somewhere, clothed in blue. He and the others found out about King Richard's death this morning, very affected like the others in shock, through Skippy is managing much more since his mother got killed two days ago. As he's now the oldest in his family, it's up to him to take charge, through he feels so intimidated, yet Robin, Little John, Marian swore they can help him with his siblings, everything. A hand rested upon his back, and Skippy turned around to face Robin who smiled softly. \"May I have a seat?\". Skippy nodded, \"Sure, Robin.\". Robin hopped into the hammock from the back, his legs hanging over the front, and glanced at his young ward. \"Are you alright, kiddo?\". Skippy glanced at him, and replied, \"Is it kinda wrong to think that death is both bad and acceptable?\". Robin nodded, \"Ah, well, Friar Tuck probably has a better answer, but I can tell you this. Death is both a mystery and a blessing. It's a blessing when the person won't suffer no more pain, and it's a mystery to know where the person goes after they die. Tuck believes they go straight to Heaven, but there are many other ways to think. Say, a bridge, wings, or a bright light. I have a feeling that your mother took one of these ways home to Heaven.\". Skippy weakly smiled at Robin as he hugged Robin gently around the waist, and Robin ruffled his head tuft affectionately, \"Thanks, Robin. I really needed to hear that.\". Robin smiled, \"No problem, Skippy. Now, how about some archery training and sword training?\". Skippy grinned, \"Really?!\". Robin nodded, \"Indeed. Let's go.\". Both the fox and young rabbit went off to the hidden grounds where some homemade targets are made for archery training, and a mat with wooden swords on the side. Meanwhile, Marian left afternoon tea with the sweet little girls, hoping to talk with Friar Tuck about something. She found Tuck talking with Otto, \"Father, may I have a talk with you?\". Friar Tuck smiled gracefully at her, \"Ohh, my milady, I always have time to talk with anybody, including you. Please excuse me, Otto.\". Otto the brown-furred dog with dark golden eyes chuckled warmly, \"How could I interrupt a lovely lady's request for help? I need to rest my leg as it's just as well.\". He then bid them with a nod, and headed to a stump near a cooking pot where a villager was handing out bowls of equal portions. Tuck then patted his stomach, asked, \"Now what is the problem, dear child?\". Marian played with her veil, and she glanced at Tuck, \"I was wondering if getting married is a bad time right now. I mean, I know Robin asked me and all since the Tournament, but now with John giving out outrageous orders, and Uncle Richard's passing, it'd be a miracle to get married.\". Tuck patted her hand softly, chuckled softly, \"Marian, it would be wonderful for you and Robin to get married. Nottingham could use some hope and faith, and love to overcome our bad start to freedom, and I am sure God or King Richard could not even mind, either.\". Marian smiled brightly, \"So, you are very okay with this, Father?\". Tuck smiled, \"Yes, I am, and to reassure you and young Robin, I shall wed you two here in witness to Nottingham, if with your permission, of course.\". Marian hugged him gently, \"That would be wonderful! Please excuse me, I must find Robin and tell him the good news.\". She then left Tuck, and Tuck chuckled, \"Love always prevail.\". He then headed on to grab his bowl as he's hungry at the moment.[Chapter 5] Hello, dear viewers. Now I got to tell you something. I have a theory about Maid Marian's wedding dress. I believe it used to belong to Marian's mother as it made sense that Marian's mother is the deceased sister of the deceased wife of King Richard, as King Richard was a Lion due to Wikepedia. But in this story, with Prince John ruling over England, and the law of anyone allied with Robin Hood being killed, Marian cannot wear her mother's wedding dress, so Lady Kluck, with help from Marian, and some other women of Nottingham, a new dress is made. So, enjoy the wedding, my viewers, plus a tantrum by John later on. Ta-ta! -Traveler. P.S. Robin and the others are still wearing the clothes from the movie wedding, just more raggedy and dull in the colors. A few days later, upon a hidden clearing under a beautiful sky, with the sun shining, Lady Kluck was helping her dear friend. Kluck is a white feathered Chicken, wearing a traditional blue dress, veil, and cap, bright golden eyes with black irises. \"Oh, my, how beautiful you look, sweet child! Robin will be knocked off his feet at the sight of you, that's for certain.\". Marian smiled happily, \"I am glad to hear that, Kluck. You have done so much for me. I just wish that Uncle Richard, Mother, and Father could see this.\". Kluck patted her hand with a wing, \"It's alright, dear. I have a feeling that they are seeing it all from Heaven. Now, let's go. Friar Tuck and your future husband is waiting for us!\". She then led Marian, walking through a couple of trees as it's almost like a arch, through the clearing where all of Nottingham was sitting and standing upon fallen logs, stumps, boulders. Friar Tuck and Robin was at front, with Little John on Robin's side as best man. Robin exhaled in awe as he beheld Marian in his sight. Marian was wearing a incredible silver-purple sleeved dress, with a white veil covering her face. Robin whispered, \"Beautiful..\". He held a hand out for Marian to grasp as Lady Kluck left the happy pair to stand upon Marian's side of the aisle. Marian smiled shyly as Robin glanced at her longingly and lovingly, and they turned halfway to face Friar Tuck who's holding the Bible. \"Today, standing before me is a couple who has gone through so much, has quite many friends and family in support, and their love is unlike any other I have seen. Robin Hood of Sherwood Forest, make your vow, please.\". Robin nodded, and smiled at Marian as he removed Marian's veil to stare into her eyes, clearing his throat, \"Maid Marian, I have said it before, and I will say it again. I shall love you more than life itself, why, I will love you more than the world. I promise on the Lord that I will lean my ears to hear your words, my heart to hold your love, and my soul given to you. I always dreamed of spending life together with you forever, and today, it's coming true. I love you, Marian.\". Marian sniffed, her eyes leaking tears in happiness and joy, and she hardly heard Friar Tuck reply, \"Maid Marian of Nottingham, please make your vow.\". Marian's voice nearly cracked in happy fervor, but she managed to speak out. \"Robin Hood, I am delighted to say that I do love you than life. Why, my love for you is greater than my love of England is. I promise on the Lord that I will lean my ears to hear your words, my heart to hold your love, and my soul given to you. I always dreamed of having children within our life together, and today, with our foster children of Agatha Rabbit, it's coming true. I love you, Robin.\". Friar Tuck sniffed as he also is crying a bit too, and asked, \"Maid Marian, do you take Robin Hood to be your husband as long as you both live, to the death and beyond?\". Marian nodded, smiling, \"I do.\". Tuck nodded, and turned slightly to ask Robin, \"Robin Hood, do you take Maid Marian to be your wife as long as you both live, to the death and beyond?\". Robin grinned brightly, \"I do, Father.\". Tuck then smiled widely, \"Then I make you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.\". Robin then caressed Marian's cheek as he leaned forward, kissing his newfound wife with passion and love, and Marian happily returned it, barely caring about who's watching. The audience cheered loudly as Tuck laughed, \"I give you all Mr. and Mrs. Hood!\". They then made their day with a forest feast with all the villagers, congratulating and talking happily, with the couple kissing and holding hands, with Skippy asking them in request of his younger siblings. \"Robin, Marian, are we gonna live in the castle when John the Loser is gone?\". Marian hugged him gently, \"Oh, sweetheart, of course we will! Uncle Richard wouldn't mind if he was here. We just need time and patience to get my poor estranged younger uncle out of the throne.\". Skippy smiled and hugged Marian back, \"Okay. Can I help too?\". Little John jumped into the conversation, \"Count me in!\". Sir Hiss nodded, \"I have a urge to get that fool off the throne. Why, the Queen Mother would be very upset if she saw how he is doing all of this.\". Robin whistled happily, \"Aha, don't worry, my friends and family! Why, our faith and our love will see us through, and we do have a plan. This is going to be the most glorious and fantastic plan that Nottingham will see in history!\". Nottingham cheered in agreement, backing up for Robin in support.[Chapter 6] A week later, in Nottingham Castle in the hallway, heading to the throne room is The Sheriff, an obese, gray-furred Wolf clothed in bright red/blue striped clothes, with a sword in the scabbard on his hip, and a gold medallion on his chest. He just had returned from a chain of battles close to the town, fighting Robin Hood and his Merry Men with Captain Crocodile and some Rhino Guards. He obviously lost the battle as he looked quite bandaged in places. He sighed heavily at the doors, hoped that Prince John couldn't go into another tantrum again like before, but Sheriff honestly thinks it's wishful thinking as it often happens anyway. He opened the doors, and the horns blared out loud, announcing Sheriff's arrival, and he saw Prince John drumming his fingers impatiently as he sat on his throne chair. He quickly walked over, not wanting to make John any more impatient, which would be more potent for him to go into a tantrum. \"Your highness, I just returned from the borders of Nottingham.\". John wrinkled his snout slowly, \"And?\". Sheriff bit his lip nervously, and spoke, \"The latest battle..we lost advantage.\". John snarled, \"How?!\". Sheriff gulped, his ears back against his head in fear, \"They were laying traps, sire. My men retreated with respect as the traps were deadly perilous.\". John roared, \"You should have ordered them to stay and fight, you foolish cur of a wolf! Pitiful, sheriff, very pitiful. Damn that fox and his band of outcasts! How dare he play with me like this?!\". He yelled as he got into one of the infamous tantrums, going below the belt and beyond. Sheriff respectfully stood back as he didn't want to be hit with a pitcher of water or something else. John then exhaled, a bit calmer yet still very angry. A devious smirk formed on his maw as a idea came to him, and Sheriff gulped nervously yet a bit amused as his prince's plans never go successfully, if not a bit at least. John twirled his whiskers in thought, \"Sheriff, there are always other places to hunt besides Sherwood Forest, yes?\". Sheriff nodded, \"Yes, sire. What are you planning?\". John chuckled evilly, \"We are going to burn out Sherwood Forest. Those Merry Men and Robin Hood won't have anywhere to hide, only out to escape the fire. And if the forest is burned out, there won't be anything for them to hunt as they will starve. To make sure you won't fail this time, I will be at your side. I need to kill that Fox, understand?\". Sheriff blinked in shock, \"But, sire, what if the fire goes out of control? We need water to control the fire.\". John chuckled ominously, \"That would be your concern, Sheriff. Now, leave me!\". Sheriff then quickly scampered out of there with barely scraped respect and politeness. Sheriff sighed, \"My concern, huh?\". He walked on, heading outside where Trigger and Nutsy the light black/gray feathered, and pink headed Vultures were patrolling the courtyard. \"Hey, Sheriff, what's the news?\". called Nutsy. Trigger snapped halfheartedly, \"Nutsy, shut your mouth. Sheriff's thinking, I can tell.\". Sheriff muttered, \"Prince John did one of his stupid tantrums, then he had a impossibly smart plan idea.\". Trigger blinked, \"That's a first if I knew that Prince John's plans always go wrong, and they do.\". Nutsy piped up, \"What's the plan idea, Sheriff?\". Sheriff replied, \"He's planning to burn out Sherwood Forest, thinking the action could push Robin Hood and his Merry Men out of the fray and into our trap. It's up to me to plan how I'd douse the fire with water if the fire gets out of control.\". Trigger gasped, \"But Sherwood Forest is England property!\". Sheriff sighed, \"I know, but it looks like Prince John doesn't care about that. He just wants to get rid of Robin Hood for good.\". Both Vultures stared at each other seriously for once, then Trigger replied, \"Neither way, we're with ya, Sheriff. What do you have in mind for the water issue?\". Sheriff and the Vultures then talked, suggesting ideas as they headed to the paddocks.[Chapter 7] Sir Hiss sighed heavily as he rested upon a boulder, staring at the mostly destroyed forest. He couldn't believe that his former employer destroyed property, especially England property at that. He wondered if Prince John is being punished by the Queen Mother for this great sin and more. Why, he made a prisoner in Friar Tuck, a teacher of the Church and a believer of the Lord. Heck, with admittedly Sir Hiss's fault, he caused to make King Richard to fight in the Crusades, and by conclusion, to his death in the English Channel, through it was no one's fault on that one. Young Robin Hood had killed Prince John respectfully in a duel that the doomed prince called for, and in the end, the Sheriff happily gave up as he saw that the forest fire plan had crossed the line too far, killing some villagers in the process which was terrible. The Elder Owls and the Raccoon Brothers has regrettably died from smoke inhalation. Gratefully, the others were saved, thanks to Sir Hiss, Little John, Marian, Lady Kluck, and Skippy's help. Robin Hood, with Friar Tuck's supervision, took up the crown and the throne, becoming King Robin, and Marian is now Queen. Thankfully, the fire didn't reach Nottingham, saving it from total annihilation, and also saving the castle as well. Granted, some Merry Men including Little John has scars and burns from the battles and the fire, but peace and justice has finally returned to England. And to add to that, some good news has reached the ears of Nottingham. Robin and Marian are expecting! They are rather hoping it could be twins, completing their dream of having a big family. They have 14 foster children, thanks to Agatha Rabbit's honorable request. To Sir Hiss's surprise, he was made the treasurer of the vault in the castle, which he was really happy for. Little John was made the Deputy Sheriff, with the Wolf Sheriff remaining his position as Head Sheriff, much to his shock and relief. Lady Kluck also remained as Marian's lady-in-waiting, and nanny for the children as well, which she was delighted to do as she loves children nearly as Marian does. The many villagers returned to Nottingham, back to their beloved jobs, and much to Nottingham's happiness, it's filling up with returning villagers as well. Heck, some places in Nottingham including the Church got improved, looking much better like in its glory days in King Richard's time. Why, Alan O'Doodle made a wonderful song for the revival of Nottingham and England as well. Many nights we've prayed with no proof anyone could hear In our hearts, a hopeful song that w e barely understood Now we are not afraid, a lthough we know there's much to fear We were moving mountains l ong before we ever knew we could There can be miracles w hen you believe Though hope is frail, i t's hard to kill Who knows what miracles y ou can achieve When you believe, s omehow you will You will when you believe In this time of fear w hen prayer so often proved in vain Hope seemed like the summer birds who has flown away Yet now I'm standing here w ith my heart so full I can't explain Seeking faith and speaking words I never thought I'd say There can be miracles when you believe Though hope is frail, i t's hard to kill Who knows what miracles y ou can achieve When you believe, s omehow you will You will when you believe... There can be miracles w hen you believe Though hope is frail, i t's hard to kill Who knows what miracles y ou can achieve When you believe, s omehow you will Now you will, y ou will when you believe You will when you believe Sir Hiss chuckled as he remembered how the villagers sung along in joy and laughter. \"Hiss, what are you doing here?\". Sir Hiss turned his head, locking surprised eyes upon Otto. \"Oh, Otto! You should be resting that leg of yours!\". Sir Hiss spoke in concern. Otto laughed as he walked up on his crutch, his cast gingerly touching the bare ground as he slowly sat down upon the boulder. \"Sorry, Hiss, but I needed some fresh air from my work. I saw you slithering up here.\". Sir Hiss nodded in understanding, \"Oh, I see. It's terrible to see England property to be destroyed like this. How long is it going to grow back?\". Otto hummed, \"Actually, it already is. Take a look here.\". He leaned down, his paw sweeping over a patch of dirt, revealing fresh grass. Sir Hiss blinked, \"My goodness, the grass is coming back.\". Otto smiled, \"We just give the forest some tender care, love, a lot of sunshine, plenty of water, and it will come back quickly enough. Perhaps, it will be glorious again by the time the royal child is born.\". Sir Hiss chuckled warmly, \"That would be wonderful. Imagine, the royal children playing in Sherwood Forest again.\". Otto nodded, \"Indeed. Hiss, may I have your opinion on something? It's back at the shop. I'd love for you to see it as it's a future gift for the royal child.\". Hiss smiled, \"I have no duties at the moment. I would be delighted. Shall we go, then?\". In response, Otto got up gingerly and eagerly, barely noticing the limp in his leg as he walked on his crutch with Sir Hiss following on with a last glance at the forest. \"I believe in you, Lord, as it's a miracle to see the revival of the forest.\". he commented softly before he slithered down the hill, heading to Otto who stopped for a second with a patient smile.[Chapter 8] It has only been a month and a week when Queen Marian came into labor. Outside in the hallway, pacing back and forth, glancing at the door where the birthing room resides, is King Robin, holding his paws behind his back, his face frazzled with worry and anticipation. \"You're wearing out the carpet, Robby.\". Robin halted momentarily, and sighed, \"I can't help it, Little John. This is big, you know?\". He glanced at Little John who is sitting in his chair who is very amused to see Robin pacing. Little John chuckled, \"You're a father already to Skippy and the others, this should be a breeze with the kit or two who's coming out into the world. Marian's going to be fine. She's brave like ya.\". Robin smiled, \"Yeah, you're right, and Kluck's helping her in there. I just pray that Marian, the baby, or twins are alright.\". Suddenly, two squeaking screams pierced the air, and Robin stopped at once, glancing at the door, very interested to know what's happening in there. Little John smiled softly as he saw that Robin is immediately frozen. The door opened, letting out Lady Kluck who smiled softly at Robin, \"The mother and the twins are doing just fine. You have a son and a daughter, Robin.\". Robin widened his eyes, and gulped, nervously grinning, and Marian's melodic, tired voice called out, \"Get him in here. The children wants to know their father.\". Kluck smiled and stepped aside, \"Go ahead.\". Robin then walked in, slowly as he's nervous, and he picked up the pace as he looked upon his wife. Marian was sitting upon stacked pillows on her back, her knees slightly up as her arms held two tiny bundles, one light pink and one bright blue. Her light red fur was slick with sweat, clothed in a white long shirt, with a purple blanket covering up her legs. To Robin, Marian has never looked so beautiful until now, with their children secured in her arms. Marian smiled widely, \"Hello, Robin. Come see the kits, love.\". Robin obeyed her happily, and got closer to take his first look upon the kits. He gasped in awe as he fell in love at first sight. \"Oh, Marian, they're beautiful.\". The light pink bundle revealed a adorable, blind, deaf she-kit with the traditional newborn dark brown fur, yet there are several dark red speckles all through the fur, signifying that the little one will have a pelt of dark red fur in the future, along with a cream underbelly like her father's underbelly. Her brother in the bright blue bundle is the same in newborn features, yet there are several light red speckles all through the fur, signifying that the boy will have a pelt of light red fur in the future, along with a white underbelly, just like his mother. Marian nuzzled Robin's cheek, \"And to think, they will grow out their newborn fur, and they will be like us in appearance with some differences. We'll see their eyes soon in time.\". Robin chuckled as he laid a warm hand upon Marian's shoulder, hugging her close. \"I don't doubt that, darling. Now, what shall we name them?\". Marian hummed in thought, and replied, \"I was thinking that our daughter should be called 'Leana'.\". Robin nodded, testing the name himself, \"Leana, I love it. It definitely suits her well. And for our son, I was thinking we could name him after your uncle, he'd be Richard the Second or Ricky for short.\". Marian gasped, \"Oh, Robin, that's so thoughtful! Uncle could have loved that in his honor. Ricky, our son, I love it.\". Robin kissed her softly, \"I thought so. Shall we let the others in? Little John would want to see his niece and nephew.\". Marian nodded, \"Yes, that's fine with me.\". Over a few hours, many people visited the couple, and fell in love in first sight upon the newborn kits, until Kluck proclaimed that Marian needed rest now, and Robin was delighted to have his kits in his arms as Marian rested up. Night had fell, and upon the balcony of the couple's bedroom, Robin sat upon a podium, holding his kits as he spoke about his story, how they could love to play in Sherwood Forest, as to Robin's happiness, the forest had returned to full glory by the day of the kits' birth. \"I only wish you could meet King Richard. Marian often told me that he was a wonderful person, always taking care of England and Nottingham. He would loved to see you both.\". A warm chuckle sounded out, \"Actually, I am here, young Robin.\". Robin turned around, defensive as he held his children to his chest protectively, then widened his eyes as he beheld a glowing King Richard in all his glory. \"K-King Richard? You're..\". \"A spirit, yes. I had seen everything here since my death, and I am to tell you that you did very well, saving this nation, this town, our people, my niece, all of it.\". Richard replied softly and firmly. Robin nodded nervously, \"Really?\". Richard laughed softly, \"Not to worry, Robin. I am very proud of you, my boy. I am extremely honored by seeing that you have named your son for me.\". He then came forward, and he smiled as he glanced upon his namesake, who's purring in his sleep, and his paws touched both Ricky and Leana's blankets, glowed a warm white aura which enveloped over the twins quick as a flash. \"They now have my blessing. You shall teach them to be courageous and pure of heart, yes?\". Robin smiled widely as Richard removed his paws, \"I understand. May I tell Marian of this, my king?\". Richard nodded in approval, and turned around to walk to the deck, and looking back with a wink and grin, \"I shall always be watching over all of you. Reign well, King Robin Hood.\". He then roared out to the air, the sound echoing through Nottingham, disappearing out of sight. Robin smiled, \"And a King is home now.\". He then turned around to head into his bedroom where he heard Marian calling out for him, with his kits flickering their whiskers at the soft breeze, not bothering to know that the stars had brightened up in response to his comment.[Chapter 9] Alright, viewers. This is the second alternate ending. This is very different from the first one, so enjoy! -Traveler Prince John roared in anger as he ran, grabbing the torch from the Sheriff, \"He's mine!\". Sheriff had never seen his boss this pissed before, and it scared him somewhat. Prince John ran into the tower, took the steps two by two, and sneered evilly and happily as he placed eyes upon Robin Hood who was shocked to see the prince looking quite like a monster as he swung the torch at him. Robin dodged quickly, barely feeling the heat flare up as the torch touched everything. Robin tried to fight back with furniture of the castle tower, like a chair, a bedpost, but Prince John was actually strong for once, roaring in anger, grunting as he alighted the furniture with fire, and Robin knew he had to get out of there, and ran for his life, jumped high through the burning curtain, hearing pained screams from the prince, not looking back as he had the feeling that the prince failed badly at leaping, and must have been burned up by the fire. Robin finally looked back when he had reached the attic, and saw that the fire was consuming fast, and he ran to the window, climbed hurriedly to the tip-top of the roof, holding the flagpole as the flames got higher and hotter. He heard the Sheriff shouting, \"Get him!\". Arrows ran past him, and he knew he had to get out of there before he gets either killed by the fire or the arrows, so he jumped. He resurfaced, hearing a angered howl, and Robin grinned as he realized Sheriff was too hotheaded right now to fire up orders until he heard something that made him both happy and guilty. Sir Hiss yelled, \"The prince is dead! The fire killed him!\". Robin grimaced, knowing how that happened, through he never saw the finality of John's death. Sure, he's happy that the reign of John is over and the people of Nottingham are free, but he felt bad that he led a person to his death, even if the person was Prince John who upstaged King Richard's throne, killed many people in his reign by hanging, lynching, or worse. There's also the fact that he caused Marian's beloved home to be in flames as well, through that was John's fault with the torch. Robin climbed out of the moat into the Sherwood Forest side, glancing at his best friend Little John and one of the young kids, Skippy Rabbit. He commented, \"We got to go, guys. Marian must know about this, and Friar Tuck too.\". Little John blinked in surprise, \"Is he really gone?\". \"Sir Hiss never lied before, so it must be true.\". Robin replied, and Skippy nodded, \"Yeah, Robin's always right. Nothing never gets him wrong, right, Robin?\". Robin chuckled, and picked up Skippy in his arms, and he ran deeper into the forest, with Little John following him behind, with a side glance at the burning portion of the castle. Miraculously, the fire is not touching the rest of the castle, just burning up the tower with the vault floor below. \"I doubt that the Sheriff won't stop hunting us. At least, the fraud of a prince is not going to be around anymore.\". He then left, heading into the forest further. Upon the ground floor, Sir Hiss is dodging the Guards, yelping as he was stepped on here and there. He saw the Sheriff breaking into the armory, and Sir Hiss blinked in shock. \"He's raving mad.\". Sir Hiss approached the armory, saw that the Sheriff is grabbing swords, bows, quivers of arrows. \"Sheriff, what are you doing?!\". Sheriff glared at Sir Hiss, with glowing golden eyes, which petrified Sir Hiss, \"I am going to kill Robin Hood! He deserves it for causing sire's death!\". Sir Hiss shook his head, \"No, he didn't kill the prince. The prince killed himself in the fire. Now, are you gonna stop shouting or am I going to tell you that the castle is broken, ransacked, burned, all thanks to the prince's failed plan?\". Sheriff growled, \"His plans worked somewhat, this plan was what got him killed. It was that Hood's fault!\". He then yelled orders for several Guards and archers to follow him, leaving the castle across the drawbridge, with Sir Hiss staring after them in shock. \"Oh, dear. This is not going well.\". A thought came to him and he gasped in horror. The Sheriff is possessed by the spirit of the prince! The Sheriff may be cunning, but he's not smart, unlike John was, and with so much anger as well. Sheriff used to be laid back, sleeping almost all the time, humming and taxing people, but now he's not the old Sheriff anymore. Sir Hiss is very terrified to think what the Queen Mother would be reacting by now if she saw this, and oh, sweet Marian. She would be scared if Robin would be hunted every day, unless if she and Robin proclaim the throne. King Richard is overseas, and Prince John is dead. Marian is the only relation to the throne right now. Sir Hiss nodded to himself, and knew he must send a message to Robin and Marian into Sherwood Forest without Sheriff noticing. He prayed, \"Lord, please help us all.\".[Chapter 10] A few hours later, within the Merry Men's hideout behind a deviously beautiful waterfall, Marian was reading a letter which was sent by arrow into a tree that Little John found, and bought it to Robin and Marian. Miss Maid Marian and Mister Robin Hood, today has shown me that things are changing. As I believe that you'd known by now, the Sheriff is still hunting young Robin. He has been raving mad when I saw him this morning briefly after the fire, and I am afraid that he has been possessed by the spirit of Prince John. You haven't seen him when he glared at me. He never did that before. You knew him as the laidback, sleepy, happy person, but now, he's very different. Friar Tuck can explain as he knows what things can be or cannot be. Now, with Prince John unfortunately passing on during this morning, and with King Richard away in the Crusades war, Maid Marian, you are the only relation to the throne now. As you dearly love Robin Hood, and couldn't leave him, you can come to the castle, take up the throne, and you can make Robin Hood a legal citizen of Nottingham, and no more as a outlaw, pardoning him. I am not asking you to forgive me for what I did to help within the prince's plans, but I am asking you to trust me as your new ally, to help you with the laws, rules, and such of England and Nottingham. And with that, I hope you will consider this. Thank you, and I bid you good luck. -Sir Hiss. Robin exhaled a breath of surprise and thought as he had read over Marian's shoulder, and commented, \"This is very intriguing and curious. Is he right about you taking up the throne?\". Marian nodded, \"He's right. I had learned about the alternate ways in case if Uncle Richard was indisposed, and I can take up the throne. I wonder if Aunt Alys's crown is inside the castle somewhere.\". \"Your aunt's crown? So, you are going to claim the throne, but how are we gonna get in without Sheriff noticing?\". asked Robin warily yet happily. Little John came up, grinning, \"I can make a really good distraction. And Alan can help with me too.\". Hearing Little John's proclamation, the tall, red-pelted rooster in blue/green clothes came by, \"Anything to get Madam Marian to the throne. What's on your mind, Johnny?\". Little John chuckled jolly-like, and glanced at Robin, \"Robin, mind if I borrow a bunch of your clothes?\". Robin smirked, \"Making dummies out of me off my trail to trick Old Sheriff, eh?\". Little John laughed, \"You know me too well, pal.\". Robin nodded, \"Alright, Johnny, do your thing. I gotta help Marian home to the castle.\". He gave his arm to Marian who giggled happily as she grabbed it gently, and glanced at Little John, \"Please be careful, you two. We need to time this right. I know Uncle Richard would want me to be on the throne until he comes back.\". Alan smiled, \"Don't worry, my dear, we will be fine. You just get going and have that crown upon your brow before the day is over.\". He and Little John then left to start their plan, leaving Robin and Marian smiling in amusement. \"We'll give them a few minutes while we get Friar Tuck from Church. He will want to do the honors to crown you, Marian.\". \"Right that you are, my love. Shall we go then?\". Marian replied happily, and they then left the camp, waving goodbye and shaking hands with the villagers who's hiding in the camp. They soon reached the Church, found Friar Tuck, told him about the letter and the distraction plan by Little John and Alan to shake Sheriff off Robin's trail. Friar Tuck mused thoughtfully as he quietly went with the duo, \"Things like possession are very rare, because it's dangerous. You see, if someone possess another's body, it sucks out the life-energy and soul from the host into the possessor, and the host will die instantly without any knowledge, leaving the possessor to spirit along, searching for the next life to overtake, and the cycle starts again.\". Robin blinked, \"And the possessors, are they usually ones who are enraged?\". Tuck sighed, \"Usually enraged or tired ones who can't move on with unfinished business. There are only a few good ones who does it just to communicate with their loved ones before they are able to move on.\". Marian disagreed to agree with Tuck, \"If it was Uncle Richard, I could've understood if he wanted to communicate with me, but Uncle John, I am terrified of what he'd do within the Sheriff. We better hurry to the castle before it was too late.\". \"Isn't there something to destroy the spirit before he possess the next body? I mean, if we somehow get the Sheriff down, but alive, yet John goes out..\". asked Robin curiously and warily. Friar Tuck nodded, \"Yes, there's a ritual, and luckily I know the perfect room for it in the castle. Despite what you think, there has been some history of unfinished spirits within the royal family. I cannot tell you, Robin, but once Marian's on the throne, I shall inform her and Sir Hiss of what to get for the ritual.\". Robin grinned, \"Then it's up to me to get old Sheriff into the castle sooner or later once Marian becomes queen. Queen Marian, wow, that actually suits you, my darling.\". Marian chuckled, \"Thank you, Robin. Ah, here we are. Now we have to send the message back.\". They stood a distance away in the dark shadows of Sherwood Forest, glancing at the castle. Robin smirked, pulled out his bow and a arrow, and the letter as well. \"Who's got something to write with?\".[Chapter 11] Friar Tuck was both terrified yet delighted. He has recent memories of this castle, bad ones as being imprisoned from his Church, yet he remembered so much good, seeing King Richard as the rightful heir, the birth of Maid Marian, and now her ceremony to claim the throne. He was grateful that Sir Hiss received the return letter in quick time, dropped down the drawbridge, and now he, Robin, Marian, and Sir Hiss are upon the throne room. By some miracle, Sir Hiss found King Richard's missing crown which was upon Prince John's person only a night ago, and with a quick request to Sir Hiss about the queen crown, it has been found as well. The queen crown, it's not gold like Richard's crown, but silver white like the moon at night, with one jewel atop the middle in the front, a beautiful blue sapphire. Some of the more reserved castle servants who actually hated Prince John has came to the throne room, standing as witnesses to Marian's ceremony to become Queen. \"Nottingham Castle, I welcome you all to observe the crowning of Maid Marian who has come to claim the throne. Maid Marian, before I place the crown upon your head, do you swear to take care of your land, your people, your family, your friends as the future queen you will be?\". Tuck proclaimed proudly and firmly as he held the queen crown upon a kneeling Marian on the podium. \"I solemnly swear to be the best possible Queen that England has ever seen. I cannot promise everything, but I can help from the smallest chore to the biggest job for my people, my land, and all my family of friends. I am not like King Richard, my dear uncle, and I am certainly not like Prince John, my estranged uncle, or my beloved aunt, the Queen Mother, but I will be the Maid Marian you all know and see, just promoted to Queen.\". Maid Marian announced calmly and bravely. Tuck smiled brightly, proud to see a child of royalty come to be a wonderful lady, determined to be a just, and confident Queen. \"Then before Nottingham Castle, and before the Lord, I make you, Maid Marian, the 28th Royal Queen of England! Long Live Queen Marian! All Hail Queen Marian!\". Marian received the queen crown, and rose up slowly and confidently with a patient smile, then sat down upon the padded cushion of the Throne Chair, sitting up properly and looking at the audience who was cheering for her. Robin happily called his love, echoing Tuck's words along with the other witnesses. As the applause died down, Marian smiled, and replied loudly, \"For my first proclamation, I make Robin Hood of Sherwood Forest a loyal citizen of Nottingham, and he's pardoned from all charges!\". Robin laughed, feeling a burden lift off his shoulders, and bowed gracefully, \"I thank you, my Queen, and I won't disappoint you as I shall forever be here.\". Marian giggled behind her hand quietly, and nodded to her love, and then glanced at Sir Hiss. \"Sir Hiss, have all the remaining guards and archers here instantly and tell them to stand down with their weapons as Robin Hood's very much pardoned.\". Sir Hiss bowed his head, \"It will be done, your highness.\". He then slithered off, with Marian dismissing the castle servants gently, and asking them for suggestions to bring up to fix the burned tower vault to discuss later on. With the servants gone, and Sir Hiss receiving the guards and archers, Marian exhaled, \"How's that for a start, my love?\". Robin came up to hug her gently, kiss her cheek lovingly, \"You have done wonderfully. I would've not done better, indeed.\". Tuck chuckled warmly, \"Your aunt will be so proud of you, and once your uncle returns, he shall be surprised of what you have done and have been planning for the future.\". Marian nuzzled Robin briefly, and then walked over to hug Tuck affectionately with a smile, \"I could never have done this without you, Father, or you, Robin. Today, the rest of my life starts today, and I will do it my way.\". Tuck laughed jolly-like, \"I have no doubt of that, dear child. Now, let's continue this day, after all, as you said to me one time, 'You take a day at a time, and you shall be fine no matter what'.\". Marian smiled widely, and walked over gently to sit upon her throne, with a hand of Robin to help her down with a loving gaze in his eyes. Tuck is correct. The day is not over yet.[Chapter 12] -A few months later- The ex-Sheriff gave a frustrated roar-growl as he tried to slash his sword at Little John who laughed in joy, \"Brawl's on! What a good day for it!\", as he dodged Ole Sheriff's movements as he used his staff to bash back some followers of the Sheriff. Much to the ex-Sheriff's frustration, he has been labeled as a traitor to Queen Marian, and he often attacked many times toward Little John who is the new Captain Guard of Nottingham Castle, which outraged one of Sheriff's allies, the ex-Captain Crocodile, and also Robin Hood who is now the Sheriff which amused Robin greatly yet he used his new job quite well. There has been rumors that Robin and Marian will marry soon, which will promote Robin as King Consort which means Little John could get to be the next Sheriff in line. Ole Sheriff was very pissed off when he heard that. He wanted to invade into that fateful wedding and ruin/destroy their lives permanently. But now he is amidst in a battle with Little John, Robin, Crocodile, and several guards of either side; Robin and Little John, and their guards wearing colors of green and purple, which is now the royal colors of Queen Marian's reign, and Ole Sheriff, Crocodile, and their guards wearing colors of red and blue which was the royal colors of Prince John's reign. Queen Marian's insignia flag is of a light green fox upon a neon purple background with soft white borders, while Prince John's insignia flag was of a bright red lion upon a dark blue background with steel gray borders. Robin chortled, \"And I swore that King Richard loved brawls, not you, Johnny!\". He slashed swords with Crocodile, smirking as he dodged, slipped around here and there, and jumped once to kick both legs into Crocodile's belly. Little John smirked as he gave a good push of his side into Ole Sheriff's belly, earning Old Sheriff to clutch his stomach in pain as he backed off, leaving Little John momentarily to bash against one of Sheriff's guards with his staff. Little John called out, \"Oi, I think I got a whopper here! Shall we go fishing, Robin?\". Robin leapt over Crocodile as he charged toward Robin, and Robin grinned as he bashed the hilt end of his sword into Crocodile's back, knocking him out. Robin replied, \"Sounds like a delightful idea! Ol-de-dally, look at what I caught, a big shark!\". Ole Sheriff growled as he got up clumsily, and ran to attack Little John as Robin called out, \"Oi, your whopper's back!\". Little John turned around instantly, and bashed his staff into Ole Sheriff's head, entirely knocking him out. He then checked him, \"Looks like Ole Bushel Britches is sleeping on the job! What about him?\". Robin grinned as he checked him, \"Still breathing. Shall we get the fish home, eh?\". Little John agreed, \"Sounds good. The missus gotcha be wondering about ya, Robby.\". Robin laughed merrily, \"I don't doubt that.\". He then dragged Crocodile into a horse-driven cart, with Little John dragging Ole Sheriff into the cart as well, the weight lagging down the cart, but still manageable for the big pair of horses. They left the knocked out guards of Ole Sheriff, waking up their own guards, ordering them to put the ex-guards into the prison, which is just fine with Little John and Robin's opinion, only planning to get Ole Sheriff and Crocodile to the ritual room in the castle as Friar Tuck and Queen Marian had finally found the ingredients and process for the ritual.[Chapter 13] -A month later- King Richard had finally returned home, through he was in disguise as he thought his own homeland might hate him for leaving his people in the midst of the Crusades overseas. He heard quite some surprising things, like how his brother had perished in a fire, his niece taking over the throne, Robin Hood himself becoming King Consort after he and his wife Marian got married, Sir Hiss as a adviser, and the old Sheriff in prison. He had rode all over the lowlands of England including London, and now heading up to Nottingham. He heard that there has been some improvements in his hometown. He's happy to see the familiar trees of Sherwood Forest, could hear the babbling sounds of water, the chirping of mundane birds. Then he heard laughter. \"Wait up, Skippy!\". called out a young voice. Another young voice answered, \"Come on, Toby! Today is perfect for swimming! Robin said it's fine!\". King Richard smiled softly as he softly got off, curious about the voices nearby. He vaguely remembered the name of Skippy thanks to one of his dear friends a long time ago, Jasper Rabbit who's the husband of Mother Agatha Rabbit. He left his mundane horse bridled loosely to a tree as he found a trail, hearing the voices dawdle as a splash sounded out. He looked over some bushes, saw two young kids playing near and inside a pond. He surely recognized Skippy, thanks to the accounts of Jasper and occasional visits to town in the carriage, and he also recognized Toby, and seeing that Toby kinda resembles one of his citizens, Edgar Turtle. Toby must be his son. King Richard chuckled warmly as he came forward, suddenly crunching a branch under his foot, earning Toby and Skippy to halt their swimming and look around warily. \"Hello? Anyone there?\". Toby nervously called out as Skippy narrowed his eyes, and swum to the edge where a wooden sword laid. He jumped into solid ground, slashing his sword here and there. \"I am armed! Show yourself!\". \"I won't harm you, young ones. I was simply wondering if you truly can lead me home to Nottingham.\". King Richard replied softly and regally as he came forward into the clearing besides the pond. Skippy blinked, wrinkled his nose warily, \"How are we supposed to know that if you don't show your face?\". King Richard laughed gently, \"Oh, my. You are certainly much like your father.\". He let down his hood, smiling at Skippy. Skippy gaped in shock and Toby gasped, \"K-king Richard?\". \"The one and only. You must be young Skippy and Toby that I heard about from Jasper and Edgar.\". King Richard grinned widely as Skippy came forward, taking a closer look at King Richard, and blinked as a slow smile adorned his face, \"You're back! Marian missed ya!\". Richard chortled lightly, \"Yes, I believe that my niece must have been wondering of me. Well, I have returned home. Will you do the honors of helping me get home to Nottingham?\". Toby, having climbed out of the pond into solid ground, wrung his hat out nervously as he walked forward, \"Are you gonna go back on the throne, sir?\". Richard kneeled down, shook his head gently, \"From what I have heard around England, my niece has done better than I had, and I am not gonna take it back unless she wants to be a simple lady as I must imagine.\". Skippy asked, \"What about the kids Robin and Marian's gonna have? Would they have to be royal to take the throne?\". Richard shrugged, \"That's difficult to say. I have to see what happens once I talk with Marian and Robin. Now, shall we get to Nottingham? The sun's getting lower and I suspect that you couldn't want to miss supper, hmm?\". Both kids looked at each other, and they then grinned as they looked up at Richard. \"Sure! Can we ride in with ya? I mean, you must have a horse or something, right?\". Richard laughed as he ruffled Skippy's hair, almost dislodging Skippy's hat from himself, \"I believe I can help you with that. Come with me, young ones. I suspect that Nottingham's in for a surprise.\". Both kids followed him happily and excitedly, with Skippy shelving his sword into his belt.[Chapter 14] 8 months later- Queen Marian woke up to a beautiful and adorable sight after she had a long night giving birth to her children. Her own uncle was holding his great-nephew, a tiny fox kit cuddled against the lion's chest. And her husband's arms are full of two small fox she-kits cuddled into their father's chest. Marian smiled widely and gently, delighted to see that her family has grew since last night, and she knew England's in for some incredible people once her children grows into their adult selves. The eldest child, the first girl of the she-kits, shall be Future Queen after Marian retires later on. Her parents were a bit surprised to see that her pelt takes after one of Robin's parents; a dark crimson red, with Marian's light brown eyes, and a mixture of cream/soft white underbelly fur from her parents. Her name is Joan. Robin suspects that she will take after her father in personality as Joan was quite a strong kicker during Marian's pregnancy. Then there's Joan's younger brother. He has a dark gray nose which came from Marian's father, yet he has Marian's light red fur and Robin's soft white underbelly fur, and eyes as well. He seems a bit shy yet very curious, and his name is Walter. Little John thought the lad would be perhaps Otto's apprentice in time as Otto is getting older or maybe as Friar Tuck's apprentice in Church. Marian quite agreed to his opinion as during her pregnancy, Walter loved hearing stories. Then there is the youngest child, the second daughter of the triplets. She took to have Robin's dark red fur, and Marian's cream white underbelly, and a grandparent's bright blue eyes. She has quite a mischievous nature, thanks to making trouble during nights upon Marian's pregnancy. Her name is Agnes. Sir Hiss was quite scared yet excited as he's coming out to be a good prankster, thanks to his new friends, and he cannot wait to teach Agnes some tricks and pranks. Marian sighed deeply as she herself wanted a dozen children, and that Robin wanted at least 6 children. But as she saw that giving birth is quite something to get through, she should ask Robin to compromise with the triplets they have now. Perhaps another son in the future, but she is fairly content with all she is having now; a uncle, a husband, three children, lots of wonderful friends. Through Skippy Rabbit asked her one rather curious question. Is England going to be the greatest nation in the world? Marian knew that she had quite a few projects to further the economy, replenish the poor families with food and clothes, and having some forts on the borders of England to protect the land from invaders as she greatly remembered the history of Vikings invading England for decades until one of her uncle's ancestors put a stop to it and saved England in the process. Marian is quite happy to have a answer for the awaiting boy in Nottingham down the street from the castle. But now, she is quite content to lay in bed, lovingly glancing at her family. One generation holding into the next generation. Yes, England is going to be a great nation, if not the greatest nation of the world. ","Summary":" Hello, my viewers! This is AU, having two alternate endings within Nottingham and its hero, Robin H"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"Disney's Robin Hood Rewrite","Author":"Dede42","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13091649","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Surprise, Roleplayer48! I'm posting your rewrite for everyone to enjoy! And I'm adding a bit from your review so that no one gets the wrong idea. Ladies and Gentlemen, boys and girls, ponies, meerkats, warthogs, foxes, bears, vixens, badgers, chickens, wolves, vultures, lions, snakes, rhinos, hippos and elephants, i present to you: Disney's Robin Hood (with the romance between Robin and Marian completely changed to pure friendship along with other random minor changes to the original film). Or just Disney's Robin Hood: Non-Romantic/Kid Friendlier Rewrite for short. Yes, this is a project that may be even bigger than our previous ones considering it's the full length Robin Hood movie I'm changing in certain places. Let's get down to it! Just so you know, Dede42 and I, RolePlayer48, don't own anything from Disney's Robin Hood. Although if we did own it along with many others, that would be totally awesome! Enjoy! Try not to post any overly critical/harsh reviews on this though. Dede42 and I are a little sensitive. Disney's Robin Hood: Non-Romantic/Kid Friendlier Rewrite. (Chapter 1: The Adventure Rebegins/Oo De Lally) *So, just like the original film, we start off with a green book titled ''Robin Hood'' in gold cursive writing. Nothing new here. The book opens with more boring cursive writing just like the original film only this time it says ''Why are you even reading this book? It's just a boring humanised Robin Hood book according to the pictures. The only interesting thing at all in this book is a rooster with a guitar on the next page. Why don't you look at that instead of reading this?'' instead of what the book says in the film. So we cut to the next page where we find, what a surprise, a rooster with a gutair standing on the very top of the page posing in one spot like a statue just waiting to be noticed.* Alan A Dale: (notices whoever turned the page to where he's now standing) Hmm? Oh very good. Visitors. How nice. (Does a double take in surprise) Visitors?! Oh finally! It's about time someone found me in here, ya know! I've been waiting in here for ages just waiting to tell people who read this book not to read it because...(calms down)...ahem...well, because there have been many legends, tall tales, books, school plays, films and fanfiction (now we have technology) about the legendary fairytale character known as Robin Hood. All different too. But you see, the reason why as I said a few seconds ago that you shouldn't read this book is because that we folks of the animal kingdom have our OWN version which is much more exciting, funny and enjoyable than any other version of Robin Hood you may or may not have heard of. (Begins to play the opening song called ''Whistle Stop'' on his gutair) Mmm-hmm. It's the story of what REALLY happened in Sherwood Forest. *And off goes Alan A Dale (a rooster: voiced by Roger Miller) walking across the book's many blank pages whistling his song for the opening credits just like the film. Because this is a rewritten verison of the film via fanfic though, the opening credits shall be shortened and will only show who this films introduces instead.* Prince John A Lion Voiced by: Peter Ustinov Sir Hiss A Snake Voiced by: Terry Thomas Robin Hood A Fox Voiced by: Brian Bedford (who died of cancer January 2016) Maid Marian A Much Wackier and Kid Friendlier/Non-Romantic Vixen Voiced by: Monica Evans (the only voice actor of this film who apparently is STILL alive according to the internet unlike the rest of the cast who died of old age or something some years after the film and Brian who died 2016) Little John A Bear (Baloo's Cousin) Voiced by: Phil Harris (who oddly enough also voiced Baloo and Thomas O'Malley) Friar Tuck A Badger Voiced by: Andy Devine Lady Kluck A Chicken Voiced by: Carole Shelly The Sheriff of Nottingham A Big Bad Wolf (no, not THAT big bad wolf) Voiced by: Pat Buttram (Good voice actor but not a kid friendly person in reality according to his George Carlin styled stand ups. Especially if you've watched a video on Youtube titled ''Sheriff's Offensive Joke'' with footage from Robin Hood and audio from one of Pat Buttram's stand ups! Trust me, you'll hate it! I did!) Nutsy A Vulture (a very dumb one) Voiced by: Ken Curtis Trigger Another Vulture (cleverer than Nutsy) Voiced by: George Lindsey *And the opening credits just end there to save time. By the way, isn't it weird how the opening credits in the film don't introduce any of the OTHER characters in this film and show who's voicing them? Weird, huh? Anyway, Alan A Dale is just finishing his song and sits down on a letter ''O'' in some chapter of the book.* Alan A Dale: Like my song? It's a pretty catchy one, isn't it? I'm thinking maybe some day in the distant long time now future, I should turn my little song into some dance remix or something. Maybe even add lyrics to it. (Foreshadowing to the Hamster Dance song a few years later which, incidentally, uses a sped up sample from Alan A Dale's Whistle Song from this movie. Maybe Dede42's heard of it. Dede42: Oh, I'm familiar with the Hamster Dance Song, and believe me, I heard it way too often and it ranks up there with the Small World song and the Chicken Dance song. Shudders.) Alan A Dale: By the way, for those of you who don't know who I am, allow me to introduce myself. The name's Alan. Alan A Dale. One of Robin Hood's Merry Men. Not only that, but as you can tell by my guitar, I'm also a minstrel. That's an early day folk singer. And my job here is to- (cringes as one of his guitar strings break from hitting a flat note) -to tell it like it is...or was...or whatever! Let's just get on with it. *So we cut to the forest where two figures walking down the road (Robin Hood and Little John) are taking a nice stroll while Alan A Dale sings about what they do.* [Alan A Dale] Robin Hood and Little John Walking through the forest. Laughin' back and forth At what the other one has to say. *As Robin and John chat, telling jokes inbetween, they stop at a log bridge.* Little John: Hey Rob, how's about we go for a nice dip in that little river right here? Robin Hood: (bows) After you, Johnny Boy. Little John: (bows too) Oh please. I insist. After you. Robin Hood: Okay then. If you insist. Little John: Man, this is gonna be swell. [Alan A Dale] Reminiscing this and that And havin' such a good time. Oo De Lally, Oo De Lally. Golly, what a day. *The two try to cross the bridge and then jump into the river for a swim...well, Robin Hood did anyway as Little John is still on the bridge losing his balance until he falls in! Clumsy thing! We cut to them both now in the river having a lovely time and relaxing in the water unaware they're being spied on by a wolf in sheriff's clothing along with an army of wolf archers. I think we all know who this is.* [Alan A Dale] Never ever thinkin' there was danger in the water. They were drinking, they just guzzled it down. Never dreaming that a scheming Sheriff and his posse Was a-watchin' them and gatherin' around. Sheriff: Aha! Robin Hood: (finally notices the Sheriff and his Guards surrounding them) Uh oh. Sheriff: So, Robin Hood! And...uh...ermm... Little John: Little John. Sheriff: Whatever! We've caught you both at last! Guards! Ready? Aim! Robin Hood: (raises his hands in mock surrender as Little John does the same) No wait! Please, don't shoot! Little John: Yeah! We surrender! Sheriff: FIRE! *The Wolf Archers fire the bows and arrows as Robin Hood and Little John duck into the water.* Sheriff: Hey, wait a minute! Where'd they go? Robin Hood: (now standing on the other side of the log bridge with Little John) Over here, suckers! Sheriff: (completely dumbfounded) What the? But i did...you were...my men...and the water...and... Robin Hood: Run, run as fast as you can! You can't catch me! I'm a merry man! Little John: What about me? Aren't I a merry man too? Robin Hood: Yes you are but the word ''men'' doesn't really rhyme with man though. Little John: Ah. Sheriff: (really agitated at this point) G-g-g-GET THEM! Robin Hood: Make a run for it! Little John: Where? Robin Hood: Where else? Our hideout, stupid! Come on! (They both start running away with the Sheriff and the Wolf Archers not far behind) [Alan A Dale] Robin Hood and Little John Runnin' through the forest. Jumpin' fences, dodgin' trees And tryin' to get away. *Just before they reach they're hiding tree, Robin quickly jumps onto Little John's shoulders, grabs the tree branch and swings them both into the tree. The pack arrive a few seconds later wondering where they went, unaware that the wanted thieves were above them, quietly watching them on the tree branches without giving away where they were.* [Alan A Dale] Contemplatin' nothing But escape and finally makin' it. Oo De Lally, Oo De Lally. Golly, what a day. *The two friends sigh in relief as the guards run off in hopes of catching they're prey. The heroes have escaped trouble...for now.* Robin Hood: Phew! That was a close call. Little John: (pulls an arrow out of his shirt) I'll say. It's lucky we managed to escape in one safe peace. Though I should probably tell ya, Rob. You're takin' way too many chances. Robin Hood: (scoffs) Chances. You must be joking. That was just a bit of a lark, Little John. Little John: Yeah? Why don't you look at your hat then? Robin Hood: Why? What's wrong with my-SWEET MOTHER OF KING RICHARD! There's an arrow stuck to my hat! Little John: Yep. That sure doesn't look like a candle on a birthday cake to me. Robin Hood: I should say so. (Takes off his hat and removes the arrow. Then puts the hat back on his head) This one almost had my name on it, didn't it? They're getting better, you know. You've got to admit it. They ARE getting better. Little John: (snaps the arrow in his hand in half) Yep. And the more they learn, the more difficult it would be for us to outsmart them. Robin Hood: (swings his fists a bit) Ha! Let them try! I could show those bullies a thing or two and then we'll see who gets the last laugh around here! Little John: Heh. Try tellin' that to the Sheriff the next time, when they'll probably have a rope around our necks. (Holds onto his throat, making a gagging sound as an example of they're possible fate) It'll be awfully difficult to laugh hangin' there, Rob. Robin Hood: Oh puh-lease! For all we know, that Sheriff and his henchmen couldn't lift you off the ground what with your weight and all. Little John: Now just a minute! That's going too far! I ain't fat! I'm just big boned! Robin Hood: (sarcastically) Of course you are. En Garde! (Throws his arrow at Little John who ducks his head while the arrow gets his hat) Little John: Hey! Watch out Rob! That's the only hat I've got! I can't afford to buy another one! Robin Hood: May I remind you, Johnny Boy, that NONE of us can afford to buy ANYTHING? Little John: Oh yeah. Robin Hood: (lays back down on the branch he was sitting on) Look. Just stop acting like a scaredy cat and relax, okay? You worry way too much, old boy. Little John: Hey Robin, I've been thinkin' for quite some time now and I'd never thought I'd feel the nerve to bring it up until just now, but are we the good guys or the bad guys around here? Y'know, I mean, uh, our robbin' the rich to feed the poor. Robin Hood: Rob?! Tsk, tsk, tsk. Such a horrible thing to say there, Johnny. We NEVER rob. We just... sort of borrow a bit from those who can afford it. Little John: Borrow? Heh. If you say so. (Chuckles to himself) Boy, are we in debt? *Suddenly, a sound of trumpets get they're attention. Especially Robin's, as he perks up and climbs up higher to the top of the tree to look for the source of the noise.* Robin Hood: O-ho! (Rubs his hands together in excitement) That sounds like another collection day for the poor, eh Johnny Boy? Little John: Yeah. Sweet charity. A/N: And as you share more, Roleplayer48, I'll post it. Later! ;) R&R; everyone![Chapter 2] A/N: And here is the new and improved Chapter 2! Disney's Robin Hood: Non-Romantic/Kid Friendlier Rewrite. (Chapter 2: Prince John and Sir Hiss/Fortune Tellers) *Just coming down the road is the royal entourage. Along the entourage is the carriage belonging to the royal family. Of course, the royal family isn't that popular right now. Perhaps due to the fact that the only one the people of England didn't like is in the carriage, making their lives miserable. Inside the carriage are two figures. A lion in a red robe (Prince John) and a snake (Sir Hiss) with a red/orange (check the movie just to see what the colour really is for a second. It could be both.) hat and cloak and bag of taxes stolen from the poor people.* Prince John: (Laughing while running gold through his hands) Taxes, beautiful lovely taxes! Aha, aha! (Yes, that's his laugh) Look at all the gold! Sir Hiss: Uh, sire. I don't know if it's a very good idea to announce your gold to everyone. Because there might be... Prince John: GOLD! (Continues laughing like an idiot) Look at it! Sir Hiss: Well anyway sire, you have an absolute skill for encouraging contributions from the poor. Prince John: To put it in another way, my dear counsellor Hiss, ''rob the poor to feed the rich!'' (Rimshot plays outta nowhere as the two of them laugh together) Anyway, Sir Hiss, where is our next stop to tax some more people? Sir Hiss: (looks at the map very closley) Let me look at the map and find out. Hmm. Let me see. Well, we've been to Lincoln, The River Trent, Darby, Walting St. and Manchester (pause the movie where Hiss looks at the map and you'll see these place names are there before you start assuming I'm making it up). According to map, sire, we have been everywhere...(notices Nottingham) Ooh! Except for Nottingham! The last place on the map, sire! Prince John: Ah yes! The richest plum of them all! Notting- (chuckles to himself before putting his brother's crown on and looking at himself in the mirror) -ham. (Then the crown slips down from his head while he's wearing it) D'oh! Sir Hiss: (smiles) What a perfect fit, sire! Most becoming indeed! Why, you look regal, dignified, sincere, masterful, noble, chivalrous... Prince John: Okay, okay, I get the point, Hiss. Don't overdo it. Sir Hiss: Beautiful, handsome, pretty, adorable, dashing, marvelous... Prince John: What are you? A dictionary? Oh no, wait. Those things haven't been invented yet. Sir Hiss: Spiffing, majestic, loveable, cuddly... Prince John: (starting to get annoyed) Okay, now you're just being silly. Sir Hiss: Wonderul, gorgeous... Prince John: Hiss... Sir Hiss: Banana... Prince John: ENOUGH! (Bonks him on the head) Sir Hiss: Ow. Thanks. I needed that. Prince John: And besides, just wait until I've adjusted the crown PROPERLY before complementing how I look (Flatten his ears and places the crown back on his head an stays on) There. Now it fits just fine. Boy, let me tell you, Hiss, that this crown gives me a feeling of none other than power! POWER I TELL YOU! (Realises his shouting his knocked Sir Hiss and the mirror over) Ahem. Forgive me a cruel sinister chuckle. (Does just that) Power, mmm. Sir Hiss: (hands Prince John the mirror so he can look at himself) You know, King Richard's crown sure looks good on you, sire. Prince John: I know, right? Sir Hiss: I'll say. Just look at how well it sits on your noble brow. Prince John: It does, doesn't it? (Suddenly realises what Hiss had just said) Just a minute! WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?! Sir Hiss: (getting nervous) Uh, nothing! Prince John: KING RICHARD?! (Begins strangling Hiss) HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO KEEP TELLING YOU, HISS?! NEVER EVER MENTION MY BROTHER'S NAME IN MY PRESENCE! I! AM! THE KING! Sir Hiss: (Prince John finally lets go of him) Yes sire. You are the king. I-I...well I was only saying how well his crown sits on your brow. That's all. A mere slip of the forked tongue, your majesty. (Chuckles nervously) Prince John: (considers for a moment) Well, alright then, Hiss. I suppose I'll let you off this time. Sir Hiss: (now has a pain in his neck after just being strangled) Ow! Now my neck hurts! Prince John: (sarcastically) Gee, I wonder why? Sir Hiss: Ow. You know sire, you...ow...have a pretty strong grip there for a fat...(notices Prince John glaring at him)...uh...for a skinny man that is. Anyway, (begins singing a certain song from a terrible High School Musical movie my sisters liked) we're all in this plot together (stops himself before getting any further in the song), if you don't mind my saying so. Prince John: Hmm. Singing so is more like it. Sir Hiss: And remember, it was your ingenious scheme, cunning plan and brilliant idea that I hypnotized him after reading a book called ''how to do hypnotic spells'' that a cousin of mine named Kaa who lives in the jungle gave me and... Prince John: (Interrupts) I know, and sent him off on that crazy crusade with hippies! (Begins his signature laugh again) Aha, aha! Sir Hiss: (chuckles quietly) Much to the sorrow of the queen mother? Prince John: (begins to cry) YES! MOTHER! Oh, why do you always remind me about her, Hiss? You know it makes me uncontrollably sad. Besides, mother always did like Richard best! Sir Hiss: Which brings me to a question that's never been asked before, sire. Prince John: What is it now, Hiss? Sir Hiss: Well, um, i know this is a personal subject that you don't like discussing, but why exactly DID your mother prefer your brother over you? Prince John: That's a question that even I don't know how to answer, Hiss. For the most unexplained reasons throughout my childhood, my mothers heart was always inexplicably linked to Richard. You know, I think this is best expressed through a song. Sir Hiss: Oh no. What have I done? (The song Prince John is about to sing is loosely badged off Doofenshmirtz's ''Mother's Hearts Inexplicably Linked To Kickball'' song from one of the Phineas and Ferb episodes. Again, I only started watching mostly Doofenshmirtz and Perry the Platypus's scenes because one my sisters like it and has gotten me into liking it.) (Dede42: My sisters and I tend to hook each other on stuff, too. So, you're not alone on this.) [Prince John] My mother's love was always inexplicably linked to King Richard. And my brother was loved more than me from the start. Sir Hiss: Sire, please don't sing. [Prince John] Because I lacked the finesse... Sir Hiss: Wait, what does finesse have to do with... [Prince John] So it put to the test... Sir Hiss: Sire. [Prince John] I couldn't kick my way right into her heart. Sir Hiss: SIRE! Prince John: Huh? What? What was I doing? Sir Hiss: Singing about your mother? Prince John: (begins crying again) MOMMY! (Begins sucking his thumb while holding his ear making Sir Hiss disgusted at the sight) Sir Hiss: Oh come on, your highness. Please don't do that. If there's one thing I don't like about your off-key singing, it's your thumb sucking. Because you see, you have a very LOUD thumb. (Begins hypnotising Prince John) You know sire, the power of my hypnosis that I learned from my cousin Kaa who lives in the jungles of India can rid you of your psychosis-s-s-s-s-s-o-o-o-o-o-e-e-easily. (Begins to sing a certain song as the hypnotic effects seem to be working) Trust in meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee... Prince John: (quickly snaps out of it) NO! NONE OF THAT! None of that! Sir Hiss: (mumbles) Well, sorry. I was only trying to help you out in your time of need. Prince John: Heh. I wonder. Silly serpent. Sir Hiss: Silly Serpent?! Prince John: (looks at himself in the mirror once more) Now listen here, snake. Just one more, one more hiss out of you...uhh...Hiss, and you are WALKING to Nottingham. Sir Hiss: (Slithers to a basket to sit down and mutters to himself) Snakes don't walk. They slither. Hmph, so there. (Robin Hood and Little John climbs out of the tree, pulls a large trunk out of a hole under the tree trunk, and they open it to get out their fortune teller outfits. Once they are ready, they head out to the road and watches as the royal carriage comes their way.) Little John: Now what about that for luck? It's only a circus. A peanut operation. Robin Hood: ''Peanuts''? Little John: And there definitely doesn't seem to be any clowns either for a circus, if you ask me. Robin Hood: (scoffs) Oh, you dunce. That's not a circus parade if that's what you think it is. Little John: It's not? Robin Hood: No. That's the royal coach. It's Prince John himself. Little John: (surprised) Wait. The prince? Now hold on a second there, Robby. While your intentions are good, there's a law against robbin' royalty. (Starts to walk away) Sorry Rob, you're on your own. I'll catch ya later. Robin Hood: (runs past his friend and stops him) What? And miss this chance to perform before royalty? Ha. No chance! Now, come on. (He runs off toward the road) Little John: (sighs and gives in) Here we go again. (Follows his friend to the road) Robin Hood: Okay Johnny, we've got to make this convincing. (Changes his voice to sound like a lady gypsy) Oo De Lally! Oo De Lally! Fortune tellers! Little John: (still in his normal voice while holding a crystal ball up and down on his paw) Fortunes forecasts, lucky charms! Robin Hood: (normal voice for a second) Oh come on, Johnny. You've got to do a much better job of acting than that. Little John: (indignantly) Geez, sorr-y! I can't do lady voices that well. Robin Hood: Ahem. (Goes back to sounding like a gypsy) Get the dope with your horoscope! Prince John: (peers through the curtains with a curious face) What's all the noise out here? (Smiles brightly when he sees the two ''fortune tellers'') Oh goody! Fortune tellers! How droll! Uh, stop the coach! Sir Hiss: (peers through the curtains as the coach stops) Uh, sire? Are you sure this a good idea? I mean, for all we know, they...they may be bandits. Or...or men in women's clothing. Prince John: Female bandits? Men in female's clothing? Whatever next? Rubbish! (Chuckles to himself as he opens the door to the ''fortune tellers'') Um, erm, my dear ladies, (presents his ring-covered paws to them) uh, you have my permission to kiss the royal hands. Whichever you like...first. Sir Hiss: (starting to get nervous) Uh, sire? Are you sure that's really necessary? Robin Hood: (still keeping up with his gypsy act throughout the remainder of this scene) Hmm! Oh! How gracious and generous! (Kisses his hand, steals one of the rings and replaces them with fake plastic rings) Sir Hiss: (sees this and begins to panic) Sire, sire, did you see what they... Prince John: (pushes the snake away when the tongue tickles in his ear) Stop! (Giggles) Stop hissing in my ear! *Little John then snatches the rest of the jewels in his mouth. After that, Hiss looks at him suspiciously.* Sir Hiss: Excuse me, ''miss'', but what do you have in your- (Little John smiles revealing the jewels in his mouth causing Hiss to panic) -HOLY MOLY! (Begins hissing in Prince John's other ear) S-s-s-s-s-s-s-SIRE! Prince John: (pushes the snake away a second time) AAH! (Quickly chuckles before getting angry) Hiss! Oh, now you've done it, you suspicious snake! You have gone too far, you know that? You have hissed your last- (ties a knot in Hiss's neck) -Hiss. Sir Hiss: (struggling to breath) H-h-h-h-HELP! I C-c-c-c-c-CAN'T B-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-BREATH! Prince John: (notices a basket) Well breath in there then! (Stuffs Hiss into the basket and sits on it) Honestly, that snake. So sorry about that, my dear fortune teller. Please, do come in. Robin Hood: (does just that while still sounding like a gypsy throughout the remainder of this scene) Why, thank you very much, your excellency. (Chuckles as he closes the curtains causing the room to be dark) Now, first things first, sire. I need you to temporarily close your eyes for a few seconds. Close your eyes. Tight shut. No peeking, sire. This won't take long. (Sees the bag of gold near the basket the prince is sitting) Ho-ho. This is going to be easy. Ahem, ooh! From the mists of time, come forth, spirits. Yoo-hoo! (Peeps his head out the curtains quickly while the prince's eyes are still closed) Psst, that's your cue, Little John. Have you got the crystal ball ready? Little John: Almost, Rob. (Takes out a jar of fireflies and lets them out through a hole into the ball) Okay, little fireflies. Glow, babies, glow. (They begin glowing) There. (Ties the ball with the fireflies to a pole) All set, Rob. Robin Hood: Good. (Goes back inside the coach and continues on with his gypsy act) Ahem, oh my! I wonder what's taking the spirits I've called so long to come forth? (Sees the crystal ball come through the curtains) Ah, oh! Look, sire. Open your eyes. Look! Prince John: (opens his eyes) Hmm? What are we looking- (sees the floating crystal ball in front of him) Ah! Incredible! Floating spirits! Come to daddy! Robin Hood: (slaps Prince John's paw) Ah, ah, ah. Naughty, naughty. You mustn't touch, young man. Prince John: Oh, how dare you strike the royal hand. That really hurt. Robin Hood: Shh! I'm sorry, sire, but you really mustn't touch it or you'll break the spell. (Sets the crystal ball o the table) Now, just gaze into the crystal ball. Oo De Lally! Oo De Lal...oh! Prince John: What? What is it? Robin Hood: I see a face appearing! (gasps) A crown is on his noble brow. Prince John: (Sees his reflection and acts like a little boy) Oo De Lally! A crown! How exciting! Robin Hood: I also see in my crystal ball that his face is handsome, regal, majestic... Sir Hiss: (from inside the basket) Just a moment! Those are all the things I said earlier! Robin Hood: ...loveable, a cuddly face. Little John: (listens from outside) What? Prince John? Loveable?! Are you kidding me? Prince John: Handsome? Regal? Ha, majestic. Loveable, yes, yes. Cuddly. Ha, ha, ha. Oh, that is SO me to a T. It clearly is, yes. Sir Hiss: (as Robin almost grabs the bag of taxes near him) Oh no you don't! (Slaps him) Robin Hood: Ow! I...uh... Prince John: Now what? Is it something bad? Robin Hood: (nervous chuckle) Oh, nothing. Nothing. That snake of yours just slapped my hand. Prince John: Really? Now, how did he manage that? I thought I put him in this basket. Robin Hood: Anyway, I see, uh, your illustrious name... Prince John: (snaps) Yes, yes, yes! I know what my name is! Get on with it! Robin Hood: Okay, well, to put it simply shortly, uhhhh...how do the last words of that Rudolph the Red a Nosed Reindeer song go? Oh yeah. Your name will go (somehow manages to take the bag of taxes away from Hiss and hands it outside to Little John without the prince even noticing) down, down, down, in history, of course. Prince John: Yes! I knew it! I knew it! I knew I would amount to something one day! Did you hear that, Hiss? My name will go down...(realises something)...oh yeah. I forgot. You can't hear me. You're in the basket. (Whacks the basket) Don't forget it. *Meanwhile back outside, as he carries the bag of taxes very carefully without being spotted, Little John notices something.* Little John: Well, well, well. What do we have here, then? (Gasps in realisation) Well, what do ya know? Solid gold hubcaps! I guess it wouldn't hurt to take one or two. (Secretly steals them by...shimmying them off with his butt?) (Okay, seriously though, all the times I watched that part of this film as a kid, I never knew that Little John was stealing the hubcaps at all and just assumed he was scratching his butt because he had an itch or something and that was what was making the squeaking noises. What did any of YOU think before realising what Little John was actually doing the whole time? Dede42: I never thought he had an itch and was swiping the hubcaps in a unique way.) Little John: There. Now that that's taken care off- (trails off as he notices a treasure chest of gold) Well, shiver my timbers and call me Long John Silver! I think I just found the jackpot! (Uses a knife to make a hole in the bottom of the box, puts the bag Robin Hood gave him underneath it and all the coins begin to pour into it) How is no one noticing this? (...that...is a VERY good question...) Derek (the Rhino Guard): Hmm? What's that jingling noise? Some Other Rhino With No Name: Probably the prince counting his money in there again. Derek (the Rhino Guard): Are you sure? Because it sounded like it came from somewhere out here...(notices Little John still in his costume with the bag of taxes hidden under his red bonnet thingy) oh look! There's one of the fortune teller ladies! I say, miss! You think maybe you could come back one day and tell MY fortune? Some Other Rhino With No Name: Oh, honestly, Derek. Who would wanna read YOUR fortune? Nothing exciting happens to us rhino guards anyway! Derek (the Rhino Guard): I CAN DREAM, YOU IDIOT! Little John: Right. Time to make like a tree and leave! (Another rimshot plays out of nowhere as he runs around the coach only to collide into Robin who is wearing Prince John's Royal Red Robes) Ow! Watch where you're going, Robby! Robin Hood: Me?! I'm pretty certain YOU'RE the one who needs to watch where he's going! I...(realises all the gold spilled out) AHH! Quickly, Johnny! Put it back in the bags! Hurry! *They do just that as Prince John opens the curtains only in his underwear that he later on in this movie sleeps in to see what's going on.* Prince John: What's with all the racket out here! I'm trying to have my fortune tol- (Robin Hood and Little John run right past him) -WHAT THE?! Robin Hood: (cackling like a wicked witch) Finders keepers! Losers weepers! Prince John: (notices his robe gone) ROBBED! I'VE BEEN ROBBED! HISS! YOU'RE NEVER AROUND WHEN I NEED YOU! Sir Hiss: (comes out of the basket) That's because you TRAPPED ME IN THAT BASKET, YOU STUPID...oh...uh...nice underwear. Prince John: (all embarrassed to be seen like this) Ahem. I've been robbed. Sir Hiss: (annoyed) OF COURSE YOU'VE BEEN ROBBED, SHERLOCK! (The thing that I love most about this scene is that at first, Prince John is shouting at the top of his lungs until Hiss comes out and then talks more calmly and embarrassed.) Robin Hood: Quick, Little John! Back to our hideout before they catch up to us! Little John: (waving back at the rhino guards, especially that dumb Derek) Fortunes forecast, lucky charms! Derek (the Rhino Guard): (waving back at Little John) Ah, goodbye, nice lady! Do come again soon! Prince John: AFTER THEM, YOU FOOLS! Derek (the Rhino Guard): Ah, you see, guys? Even the prince wants me to have my fortune told next! Why else do you think he'd call us to chase after them? Prince John: THOSE AREN'T FORTUNE TELLERS, YOU DUNDERHEADS! THEY'RE BANDITS! Derek (the Rhino Guard): (now disappointed) Oh. That's different. Right, uh, come on then, lads! *The entourage run after our heroes, but one of the wheels come loose since the hubcaps were removed and fell off, and Prince John and Sir Hiss fall into the mud. Well, sucks to be them.* Prince John: (crying) No, no, no, no! Sir Hiss: I knew it, I knew it! I just knew right from the very moment those men in female's clothing showed up that this was going to happen. I tried to warn you that they were bandits but no, no, no, you wouldn't listen. You just had to...(notices Prince John about to smash his mirror on him) Ah, ah, ah! Wait! Be careful with that thing or you'll give us both...(MIRROR SMASH) ow! Seven...years...bad...luck...s-s-s-s-sire. Besides, you've just broken your own mother's mirror. Prince John: (wails) AAAAAHHHHHHH! Mommy! (Sucks his thumb again after realizing what he did but notices mud on it) I've got a dirty thumb. A/N: And that's a wrap for the new and improved Chapter 2. See you all tomorrow as I have work at the movie theater on Tuesday. Bye! R&R; everyone![Chapter 3] A/N: Yes, I will be seeing you again on Thursday, Roleplayer48, and as for the other fanfics I'm posting, just ignore them. ;) (Chapter 3: Enter the Sheriff/A Very Merry Unbirthday For Skippy) Alan A Dale: (taking a walk through the town of Nottingham when he notices a wanted poster of Robin Hood) Well, now. There's a handsome devil. (Chuckles) Well, even though Prince John offered a HUGE reward for the capture of Robin Hood, though it was probably just a lie so that the people would be dumb enough to fall for something like an award and turn against our hero, that elusive rouge just kept on robbin' the rich to feed the poor. Hey, that's not a bad slogan. I'll have to remember that one. But yeah, believe me, it's a good thing he did, cause what with taxes and all, the poor folks of Nottingham were starvin' to death. Poor People Of Nottingham Nearby: (talking in unison) WE ARE STARVING TO DEATH! Alan A Dale: See what I mean? (Notices a fat wolf in a sheriff's attire) Uh-oh. Here comes ol' bad news himself. The *cough cough* ''HONRABLE'' Sheriff of Nottingham. Sheriff: (singing) Making my way downtown, walking fast, taking taxes and I'm home bound. Staring blankly ahead just making my way, making a way through the crowd. (Notices Friar Tuck just leaving his house) Well looky there. Heh, Friar Tuck, the old do-gooder. He's out doing good again. *An indeed he is. Friar Tuck is making HIS way downtown, walking fast but DELIVERING taxes to a house where a dog with a broken leg in a cast called Otto is working with some steel like a blacksmith. And that's certainly a tricky thing to do since his leg is broken for a unknown reason that is never explained in this movie.* Otto: Well, good morning, Friar Tuck. Friar Tuck: Shh! Keep quiet or you know who might hear you! Otto: Oops, sorry. Friar Tuck: (hands Otto a small bag of gold) Anyway, here you are, Otto. A little present from Robin Hood. (Giggles) Otto: Aw, God bless Robin Hood. *Back outside the Sheriff walks up and knocks on Otto's door.* Friar Tuck: (gasps) Oh no! It's the Sheriff! Quick Otto! Hide it quickly! Sheriff: Ahem. Let me in. Let me in. Otto: No! Not by the hairs of our chinny chin chins! Sheriff: Then I shall huff...and I'll puff...AND I'LL...nah, just kidding! Ready or not! Here I come! (Enters the house) Well, greetings from your friendly neighborhood tax collector. Otto: Oh take it easy on me Sheriff, what with this busted leg, you know, I-I'm way behind in my work, Sheriff. (Shows his busted leg) Sheriff: Aw, I know, Otto. But ya know, you're way behind on your taxes, too. Friar Tuck: Oh, do have a heart, Sheriff, if you have one. Can't you see he's laid up? Come on, Otto. Here's a chair. You'd better come on over and sit down and rest your foot. (Like Dede42. I do hope she's resting her foot too. Dede42: Yeah, I'm resting my foot whenever I can, like right now.) Otto: Oh, thank you. Yes. (Limps over to the chair as the coins jingle from inside the cast causing the Sheriff to take notice) Sheriff: Oh, of course, Friar. You are right as always. I feel so ashamed. Here, let me give Otto a hand with his leg. Upsy-daisy! (Lifts Otto's leg as coins fall from the cast and into his hands) Otto: HEY! WHAT THE?! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! Sheriff: Bingo! Ah, what they won't think of next. (Begins hitting Otto's cast to cause a stuck coin to fall out much to the dismay of Friar Tuck) It smarts, doesn't it, Otto? But you know what Prince John says that taxes should hurt. Friar Tuck: (enraged) NOW SEE HERE, YOU, YOU, YOU EVIL FLINTHEARTED LEACH! WHY I OUGHTA... Sheriff: Now, now, now, now. Save your sermon, preacher. It ain't Sunday, ya know. Besides, I took it 'cause I had to. It's all part of my job as a Sheriff. (Walks away singing again) Making my way downtown, walking fast, taking taxes and I'm home bound. They call me a slob but I do my job. Do-do do do do do. *Cut to a nice little cottage which resembles the Three Bear's home except it's inhabited by a family of bunny rabbits. I wonder if Fluttershy would ever consider coming to Nottingham and playing with these cute little bun buns at this house? Anyway, inside this house is someone's birthday. Who's birthday you ask? An older bunny in a blue sweater named Skippy who is being given a present from his mother. Aww, isn't dat sweet? But just as the bunnies' almost finish they're song...* Sheriff: (barges in) HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOU! (The bunny family gasp in shock) Surprised to see me, I see? It's not often you get someone like me attending a birthday party, ya know. Well now, sonny, that box is down up right purty, ain't it? Skippy: (gulps) Uh...yeah...well, Mr. Sheriff, sir, it's my birthday present, sir. Sheriff: It sure is, kiddo. Why don't ya open it and see what it is? Skippy: (opens his present as familiar Legend Of Zelda chest opening music plays in the background) Oh boy! One whole farthing! (Da da da daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!) Sheriff: (nicks the coins off him) Nope. Skippy's Mother: (angry at Sheriff) Why you...have you no heart? Sheriff: Well of course I do. How else am I still alive? (Rimshot) Skipper's Mother: Don't be so danged literal! I mean, look! (Gestures to Skippy who is now beginning to cry) We all scrimped and saved to give that farthing to him for a birthday present. Sheriff: Now that's mighty thoughty of you, widder-woman. But ya know what they say, the family that saves together, pays together. That's how it works around here. (Looks to Skippy who breaks out into tears) Aww, now don't take it so hard, sonny. Why, Prince John wishes you a happy birthday too. (Patting Skippy on the head falsely comforting him) *Who should walk into the cottage next but Robin Hood in a blind begger's costume?* Robin Hood: (sounds like an old man) Alms, alms, alms for the poor. Sheriff: Hmm, well...(dunks Skippy's farthing into Robin's cup causing the rest of the coins inside to pop out and fall right into his hand!) Ah, there we go! Well, so far, it's been one heck of a cheerful morning...for me, at least! Heh. Keep saving! (Walks out of the house) Robin Hood: (still in his beggar costume) Oh dang it. Now, why didn't I do anything to prevent that from happening? (Yes, Robin. You're supposed to be the clever outlaw who outsmarts the villains. HOW COULD YOU HAVE LET THE SHERIFF JUST TAKE THE MONEY FROM YOUR CUP IF YOU'RE SO SMART?! Dede42: Easy there, Roleplayer48, just take a breath and breath, brother.) Skippy's Mother: (angry) Why that no good, lowdown, dirty rotten villain! What a dirty trick! (Helps the ''beggar'') You poor old man. Do come in. Come in and rest yourself. Robin Hood: (regains his old man impression) Thank ye kindly, Mother. Thank ye so much. Tell me now, did me old ears hear the melodious sounds of someone having a birthday party here just now? Skippy: (still crying his eyes out) Yes, sir. And that...mean old...Sheriff...took my...birthday...present. Robin Hood: (still sounds like an old you get the idea) Did he now? Now isn't that a shame? But be a stouthearted little lad and don't let it get you down. (Takes his glasses off revealing his familair face) Look, I'm Robin Hood! Skippy: (gasps in awe) Gee-whizz! It's Robin Hood! Robin Hood: (removes his costume revealing himself...naked...like a regular fox) Happy Birthday So...dang it! Wait right here! (Runs off to find his green uniform and hat then comes back again fully dressed) Happy Birthday Son! (The bunny family can't help but burst into laughter after Robin's little blooper) (Bet you probably burst out laughing at that like the bunnies did yourself, Dede42. Classic cartoon humour right there! Dede42: (rolls around on the floor, laughing) Oh yeah! Oh yeah!) Robin Hood: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Laugh it up. Anyway, young man. Tell me, how old are you today? Skippy: Gosh, I'm seven years old. Goin' on eight. Robin Hood: Seven? My, my. That DOES make you the man of the house. Although compared to this young lot, you were probably ALREADY the man of the house. Anyway, here's a special present just for you. (Hands Skippy one of his spare bows and harmless fake plastic arrows) Skippy: For me? Gee thanks, Mr. Robin Hood, sir. Robin Hood: Aww, you don't have to call me sir, young man. Just Robin will do. (Reference to the Sword in the Stone where Merlin tells Arthur/Wart not to keep calling him sir.) Skippy: Hey, you guys! How do I look, huh? Tagalong: Not much like Mr. Wobin Hood. Robin Hood: Geez, talk about buzzkill. But, in a way, she's right. There DOES seem to be something missing. But what? (The thought finally comes to him) Of course! (Removes his hat and places it on Skippy's head) There you go. Skippy: Boy oh boy! This is more like it! NOW how do I look? Sis: (stifles her giggles) Well I don't know about you, Tagalong, but I think the hat's too big. Skippy's Mother: Shh! Mind your manners. Tagalong: Yes. Mind your mattles. Robin Hood: (chuckles) Don't worry. You'll grow into it, young man. I certainly did when I first had this hat. Heh. It didn't half fit ME at first. Skippy: Oo De Lally! Thanks Robin! I'm gonna try it out! (Rushes out the door and Tagalong follows) Tagalong: Bye, Mr. Wobin Hood! Come again on my birthday! Skippy's Mother: (chuckles) Oh, you HAVE made his birthday a wonderful one. Robin Hood: Mmm-hmm. Definitely did a lot better than the Sheriff. Skippy's Mother: Heh. That's for sure. How can I ever thank you? Robin Hood: I only wish I could do more. (Hand her a bag of money) Here's some money to cover up any of the damages you might incur and all of the hospital bills. Anyway, keep your chin up. Someday, there will be happiness again in Nottingham. You'll see. Now if you'll excuse me (puts his disguise back on), I'm gonna be an old man again. See you later. (Walks back outside) Ahem. Alms, alms, alms for the poor. Skippy's Mother: Oh Robin Hood, you risk so much to keep our hopes alive. Bless you, bless you. (she sheds a tear of happiness) A/N: Yeah, I did laugh with Robin Hood's goof. See you Thursday! ;) R&R; everyone![Chapter 4] A/N: Hey, Roleplayer48, here is the full chapter, and I hope you enjoy it. (Chapter 4: An Unexpected Encounter With The Strangest Of Fair Maidens) *We see Skippy running off with his two sisters along with turtle with glasses named Toby. They were running to a field where Skippy is gonna try out his new birthday present from Robin Hood which just so happens to be a bow and arrow...which is fake and made of plastic so as not to hurt anyone...especially children...* Toby: Gee, uh, did Robin Hood really give it to you? Skippy: Yeah. And this is his own hat, too. Toby: Well, no offense or anything, but I don't think it quite fits you yet. It's too big. Skippy: Aw, what do you know? You're a turtle. Toby: Yeah. I guess your right. But still, I sure wish I could shoot your bow and arrow. Tagalong: Let me try it Skippy! I wanna go! I wanna go! Skippy: Oh no ya don't! I'm the birthday bunny, Robin Hood gave it to me, therefore, I should get to use it first. Simple as that. Sis: Uh Skippy? I think you might be pointin' it too high. Skippy: (pulling and pointing his arrow high) Nonsense. I'm not either. Now stand back and watch! (Firing his arrow over the field and into the backyard of Prince John's castle) Skippy: Dang it! Toby: Uh-oh. Now you've done it. Skippy: Yeah! That was my ONLY arrow! Sis: And right in Prince John's backyard too. It's lucky that arrow was made of plastic or that could've KILLED somebody! Skippy: Well, it ain't stayin' in that backyard for much longer. Come on gang! *Skippy runs through the field and heads towards the castle, and tries to squeeze right through the bars.* Tagalong: Uh Skippy, you can't go in there. Toby: Yeah. If Prince John finds you, he'll chop off your head for sure. (Sinking his head into his shell) Like this. Skippy: Oh I don't care one bit about that. I gotta get my arrow back whether you want me to or not. Sis: Wait a minute though. While your in there, Toby might tattle on ya and get you in trouble with your mom. Skippy: Good point, Sis. Well Toby, to prevent you from doing such thing, and on my birthday no less, you've gotta take the oath. Toby: (confused) An...oath? Tagalong: Put your hand on your heart and cwoss your eyes. (Skippy, Sis and Toby do just that) Skippy: ''Spiders, snakes and a lizard head.'' Toby: (struggling to keep his eyes crossed) Uhhhhhh, ''spiders, snakes and a lizard head.'' Skippy: ''If I tattletale, I'll die till I'm dead!'' Toby: (gulps) ''I-I-i-if I t-t-t-tattletale, I-I-I-I'll d-d-die t-till I'm d-d-d-dead.'' Skippy: Okay. Now that we've gotten that out of the way, I'm goin' in. *Skippy slips through the bars and sneaks into the bushes, looking for his arrow until he spots two women playing badminton. One is a fox/vixen/whatever with a pink gown and long pink bloomers (glad they're not as long and ridiculous looking like Prince John's underwear as seen earlier) and then other one is a chicken in a blue dress. Who are these two? Well, you'll find out in a minute.* Maid Marian: (she holds the white ball, or whatever you call it, in her paw) Are you ready, Lady Kluck? Lady Kluck: Oh, as your Lady-in-Waiting, I'm waiting! (Yet another joke rimshot plays out of nowhere) *Lady Kluck tosses the ball into the air and hits it across the net towards Maid Marian, who runs and hits it back across the net, being careful not to trip on her LONG dress. Both ladies laugh and joke as they continue to hit the ball back and forth to each other over and over again, which begins to bore Skippy nearly making him forget why he came into Prince John's backyard in the first place.* Skippy: (notices the plastic, harmless arrow by the nearest tree) Aha! There it is. All I need to do is get it and then I'm outta here pretending this little mistake of mine never happened. (Sneaks round to the tree and hides behind it just to be safe) Lady Kluck: (panting while still wearily hitting the ball thingy back to Marian) I'll tell you what, Marian, I'm getting a little bit too old for this. I'm not as young as I used to be. Maid Marian: No Klucky, you're not. And I shouldn't think you were as young as you were when you WERE young in the first place. But still, that was a good shot. Lady Kluck: Well, you're not bad yourself, dear. Maid Marian: Watch out for my killer serve! (Hits the ball just a teensy weensy, yeah right, TOO HARD and flies over Lady Kluck's head and into the bushes behind her.) (Yes, Dede42. Just a quick little reminder if you remember the original film, it WAS Maid Marian who hit the ball thingy too hard, not Lady Kluck because the arrow and the tree Skippy's hiding behind is is behind HER, not Maid Marian. Again, not to insult you because I know you try very hard with these sorts of things. Please forgive me though in case you DID take offense. Dede42: No worries, I fixed the goofs.) Maid Marian: Oops! Lady Kluck: Oh dear! Now, how did that happen? Maid Marian: Sorry Klucky. I think I may have hit the ball too hard. Lady Kluck: Wow. And I thought I was the clumsy one who doesn't know her own strength sometimes. Do you want me to go get it for you, Marian? Maid Marian: (Shakes her head) No, I'm the one who hit it too hard, so I guess I shall be the one to get it. (goes over to the bushes, kneels down, and crawls into them to find the ball. She spots it and reaches for it just as Skippy reaches to his plastic arrow, which is next to it, and they both freeze when they say each other) Oh! Well, hello there. Where did you come from? Skippy: (backs away in fear whimpering as his nose twitches) Oh, please don't tell Prince John! Mama says he'll chop of my head! (Somehow, I think whoever wrote the script for this scene in the original film got this line wrong because wasn't it TOBY who told Skippy that Prince John would cut off his head?) Maid Marian: (laughs) Oh, don't be afraid. You've done nothing wrong. Lady Kluck: (pokes her head into the bushes) Marian, is everything alright? Can you find the ball- Oh, Marian, what a bonny wee bunny. Maid Marian: (Notices the hat) Who does this young archer remind you of? Lady Kluck: (Recognizes the hat) Ooh, well, upon my word, the notorious Robin Hood. (Skippy smiles) Maid Marian: That's right. Why, only the famous outlaw himself wears a hat like that. Skippy: (much more cheerful now) Yeah. And look at this keen Robin Hood bow. He actually give me this along with a harmless plastic toy arrow that I was trying to get back as a birtdhay present for my birthday. Maid Marian: (amazed) Really now? Lady Kluck: Now, how come he never dropped by to visit us and give us presents on OUR birthdays? Maid Marian: Don't be jealous. It could happen to us eventually. *Back by the gate bars where Sis, Toby and Tagalong are still waiting for Skippy to come back and wondering what's taking so long, Tagalong...sneezes. No one knows what caused her to sneeze though unless it just happened to move the rest of this scene in the movie forward.* Lady Kluck: (notices the others after hearing Tagalong sneeze) Oh, Marian. Don't look around, but I do believe we're surrounded! Oh, mercy! Maid Marian: Why, so we are! Friends of yours, little bunny? Skippy: Yeah. They're also my roommates. (Gestures for them to come over via waving) Hey, come on guys! It's perfectly safe to come on over! Sis: He's snitched on us. Maid Marian: It's alright, children. Don't be afraid. Please come here. Toby: Do you two girls think it's safe? Tagalong: Well, it must be. That's Maid Marian. Sis: Well, so it is! You powers of observation astonish me, Tagalong. Mama says she's awful nice. Come on. Let's go see her. (They squeeze through the bars and run over to the ladies) Tagalong: (left far behind) Hey! Not so fast, you guys. Wait for me. Sis: I told Skippy he was shooting his arrow too high. Skippy: Hey! I'm new to using bows and arrows, alright! Maid Marian: Well, I'm so very glad he did. Otherwise, I wouldn't have had the chance to meet all of you wonderful kids. (Toby waves to her with a shy look) Sis: Gee, you're very beautiful. Tagalong: Is it true that you and Robin Hood are good friends? Maid Marian: (smiles) Oh, yes, we were good friends as kids, but when his father sent him away, we lost contact. And after so many years of not seeing each other after I left for London, I fear that he may have forgotten all about our wild and wacky friendship now that he has Little John living with him. Skippy: What? Robin Hood? Forget about you? Never! Why, (demonstrates what Robin would do via unintentionally assaulting Toby with his wooden toy sword) I bet he'll storm the castle gates, fight the guards, rescue ya and drag ya off to his hiding place in Sherwood Forest until they've given up for the day. Lady Kluck: Now just a moment there, young man. You've forgotten about that crybaby Prince John. Skippy: Who? Him? Pah! That ol' Prince John don't scare the heck outta me! Toby: (sinking his head into his shell again) I'm scared of Prince John. He's cranky. (And he doesn't mean Cranky the Crane from Thomas the Tank Engine if you've heard of him!) Lady Kluck: Ah, ah, ah, ah! (Uses a racket as a sword and acts out like John) I, Prince John, challenge you to a duel. Hey, hey! Take that! And that! And this! (Doing a little sword play) Skippy: Death to tyrants! (Fights back) Lady Kluck: Och! Och, och! (Running for her life) Maid Marian: (Skippy and Lady Kluck circle around her while STILL sword fighting) Oh my goodness! Whatever shall I do? Oh, save me, my hero, save me or I am doomed! DOOMED I TELL YOU! Sis: Slice him to pieces before Marian here OVERACTS! Skippy: Will do. (Whacks his wooden toy sword on Lady Kluck's foot) Lady Kluck: Oh! Ouch! That's not fair. Mommy! (Begins to hold her ear and sucks her thumb like John) Sis: Oh yeah! That's definitely Prince John alright! (Goes into a huge giggle fit) Skippy: Yahoo! Now I've got ya! Lady Kluck: Och, mercy! Mercy! (Grabs Skippy's wooden sword and acts out like she was wounded) Oh! Oh, he got me. I think I might be dying. Oh, mercy! I'm actually dying! I'm dying! (Lies on the floor/grass) I am dead. Not big surprise. Skippy: (worried) Uh-oh. Erm...I didn't REALLY hurt you, did I? Lady Kluck: (whispers) No, of course you didn't, young man. I'm only acting. Besides, this is the part where you drag your former damsel in distress into your hiding place in Sherwood Forest. (Closes her eyes and continues playing dead) Skippy: (Takes Maid Marian's hand and drags her off) Come on, former damsel in distress! Let's go! Maid Marian: Oh, Robin, you're so brave and impetuous. (Does anyone know what impetuous means? I seriously don't! I never searched it up and this movie doesn't tell me what it means!) Maid Marian: (Goes into a bush pretendening it was a forest) Oh. So this is Sherwood Forest. Skippy: Yeah, I guess so. Phew. Does roleplaying ever take a lot outta ya or what? I'm beat. (Now you know how I feel at times when my hands begin to hurt after doing reviews in the style of roleplay this gaining the name RolePlayer48 instead of just ''guest''.) Skippy: So, now that we're here. Now, what are we gonna do? Maid Marian: I think we should sneak back and launch another attack on Prince John. What do you think? Skippy: (grins) Great idea! (Maid Marian and Skippy crawls back out of the bushes, grabs the rackets, gives sticks to Sis and Toby, and soon they chase Lady Kluck, who still pretends to be Prince John, around the yard while Tagalong laughs and cheers them on.) A/N: Ok, this should be much better then in the movie, and I hope you enjoy it. See you on Tuesday! R&R; everyone![Chapter 5] A/N: I love what you came up with, Roleplayer48, and I'll look up that comic when I have the chance to enjoy it, too. (Chapter 5: Planning a Prank for Prince John) (Later that day, Maid Marian is dancing in her bedroom while Lady Kluck is watching her.) Lady Kluck: It was nice to see those kids, wasn't it? Maid Marien: (stops dancing and nods) Oh yes, they were wonderful and such fun. I think that's the most fun I've had since I left for London. Oh, how I wish I could back in time to when I was a kid and was having similar fun with Robin. Lady Kluck: Oh, I'm sure that the day will come when you and Robin will be able to spend time together again as friends. Maybe when King Richard returns from the wars. Maid Marien: But when, Klucky? When? Lady Kluck: Oh, patience, my dear. Patience. Remember, absence can make friendship last a lifetime, not just for a single childhood. *Meanwhile back in Sherwood Forest, Robin is cooking something in the cauldron over the open fire while humming to himself, While Little John is doing laundry.* Little John: Hey Rob, how's that grub comin, man? I'm starved. *Robin doesn't listen as he is STILL daydreaming and humming. The worse thing that anyone could ever do when they're supposed to be cooking.* Little John: Rob? Robin? Robaire. HEY, STUPID! Robin Hood: (snaps out of it) Huh? What the? Who said that? I...oh, sorry about that, Little John. What did you say? Little John: Aw forget it. Your mind's not on the food. You're thinking about a certain friend you haven't seen in years . And- is something burning? Robin Hood: (looks at the cauldron and yelps when he sees that it is boiling over) Hey, whoa! It's boiling over! Little John: (runs over and grabs the cauldron off the fire, sets it on a large rock and waves a towel over it to get rid of the smoke) You're burin' the chow! Robin Hood: (brushes black soot off his shirt) Sorry, Johnny. Guess I was thinking about Maid Marien and the fun we used to have before we were both sent away by our parents. Little John: I get it, Rob, but she lives in the palace with Prince John, and there's no way that he's gonna let her see you for any reason. Robin Hood: I know, I know. I'm an outlaw and there's no changing that. Fiar Tuck: (enters the area and hears this) Oh, for heaven's sake, son! (he startles Robin Hood, who falls into the laundry basket and a shirt falls on his head, and Little John nearly drops the cauldron) You're no outlaw. Why, someday you'll be called a great hero. Robin Hood: (sits up and takes the shirt off his head, chuckles) A hero? Do you hear that, Johnny? We've just been pardoned. Little John: (snickers) That's a gas. We ain't even been arrested yet. Fiar Tuck: (rolls his eyes and picks up a spoon to sample the food) All right. Laugh, you two rogues. But there's gonna be a big to do in Nottingham. (he tastes the food and starts to cough as tears leak out of his eyes at the strong taste) Well-done, ain't it? Old Prince John's having' a championship archery tournament tomorrow. Little John: (laughs) Archery tournament? Old Rob could win that standing' on his head, huh, Rob? Robin Hood: (chuckles and bow) Thank you, Little John, but I\"m sure we're not invited. Although, this could give us a chance to pull a prank on Prince John. Little John: What kind of prank, Rob? Because, that place is going to be crawlin' with soldiers. Heck, Prince John is probably expecting you to show up. Robin Hood: Exactly, and when I do show up for my greatest performance ever, Ol' Prince John won't even see it coming! Little John: Well then, Robby. You'd better get some work done if you wanna WIN this Archery Tournament. Though, I don't know if it's gonna be easy. Alan A Dale: (seemingly appearing out of nowhere behind a tree) Little John is right! Robin Hood: (gets startled again) What the? Where'd YOU come from? Alan A Dale: Don't question how us storytellers manage to appear out of nowhere one place to another. It's in my nature. Robin Hood: (confused) Storyteller? Alan A Dale: Anyway, I'm with Little John on this. This Championship Archery Tournament is probably gonna be tough even for you, Robin. Robin Hood: (scoffs) Pfft, are you kidding? This is the one and only legendary Robin Hood you're talking to here. Nothing could ever be THAT tough for me. I can handle ANYTHING. Alan A Dale: (ignoring Robin Hood) To make matters worse, considering who's decided to arrange this tournament according to what the Friar here said, and because I happen to know everything that happens before it happens, this contest is SURELY a trap laid by that villainous Prince John! Little John: See, Robby? I told ya that place is gonna be crawlin' with soldiers and that Prince John's probably expecting ya to show up. Alan A Dale: Still, if you still feel brave enough to pull this prank on the prince and show up and the archery tournament to show off your skills, you'll have to be at the TOP of your game this time. Robin Hood: Ahh, you're right, you two. I guess the thought of pulling a prank on that ol' prince and winning the tournament got me ahead of myself. Does anyone want to help? Friar Tuck: (walks to the line of laundry) Of course! First, you'll need a disguise. It must be SO good that even WE won't recognise you! Little John: Leave the training to me and Alan. IF ya think you can handle it, hotshot! Robin Hood: Aw come on, Johnny. You heard what I said to Alan. I can handle ANYTHING. *Cut to a montage of training as a song called ''We're Gonna Need A Montage'' plays in the background. First, Little John and Alan A Dale hang a target in the middle of two trees by hooking it up to two tree branches (see the comic yourself if you wanna see how they do that because I don't have a good way of explaining it in detail) while Robin Hood, bow and arrow in his hands, is standing on a tree branch on a tree not too far but just facing the target getting ready to shoot.* Little John: (just finishing hanging up the target with Alan by hooking it up to two tree branches) Are you sure you're up to this, Rob? This will be tricky! Robin Hood: Ha! From here, it's easy. (Climbs up onto another tree branch above the one he was standing on and jumps off it upside down as he shoots his bow and arrow) But from here, is ANOTHER story! (Lands on a black bouncy soft landing with square holes thingy/whatever it's called that Little John and Alan A Dale had placed) Oof! *And according to the comic, the arrow somehow manages to hit the bullseye which of course surprises/amazes Little John and Alan A Dale.* Alan A Dale: Hmm. He just might pull this off. Little John: Oh, we're not done training just yet. *Later on near a steep hill where Robin Hood is ready with his bow and arrow, Little John finds three targets and rolls them down the hill hoping that Robin can land his arrow on all three of the bullseyes.* Little John: And...GO! *Hey, guess what? Despite the targets rolling down the hill, Robin actually DOES manage to land his arrows on the bullseyes so perfectly.* Little John: Whoa! I didn't think you'd do that so well. Robin Hood: Ha! Easy as pie. What's next? Little John: Well... *We cut to a little stream where the next part of Robin's training takes place. Robin Hood is on a wooden river raft where from there he has to shoot three arrows onto three targets that have been placed onto the land in front of him. And if you've seen the comic that this is based off or you're looking at whilst reading this (I hope it's the latter), you'll know that this is definitely a little difficult for Robin as he's struggling to stay on the raft while the waves keep coming and making things tricky and he's already accidentally fired three arrows onto three trees instead of the placed targets.* Robin Hood: Uh, guys? Alan A Dale and Little John: Yeah? Robin Hood: Remember when I said that I could handle ANYTHING? Alan A Dale: Yes. I do recall you saying that once or twice earlier. Why? Robin Hood: Well, isn't this part of training a little...well, you know...TOO difficult? Little John: You wanna win that tournament or not? Robin Hood: Okay, okay! I do! Alan A Dale: Alright. We'll start this one over from the... Robin Hood: HOLD ON THEN! (Struggles to stay on the raft again as more waves start coming back) Just...one...second... *So, what happens? Well, due to the difficulty caused by being on a raft on a raging wave filled stream (blame Little John and Alan A Dale for that because it was they're idea), Robin's arrows had missed the first two placed target's bullseyes whereas his last arrow landed PERFECTLY on the last placed target's bullseye. Yeah, even Little John and Alan A Dale finally admit they made the training a little too hard so they move on.* (Some training, isn't it?) *We cut to much, much, much later on where Robin, Little John and Alan A Dale have reached the final part of they're training. And you can thank the two trainers it's an easy one this time. Robin Hood has to shoot his arrow onto a target that is hanging between two trees again while standing on a tightrope that is being pulled by Little John and Alan A Dale to help Robin aim well. Robin has already landed one of his arrows perfectly on the bullseye but he's not that impressed.* Robin Hood: A little more jostle, mates. I got that one TOO easily. (Little John and Alan A Dale pull back on the tightrope a bit) There we go! (Shoots his arrow onto the target's bullseye splitting his other arrow apart) Perfect! *Later on, Robin Hood, Little John and Alan A Dale take a well deserved rest after all of that training just as Friar Tuck appears with a stork costume in his hands.* Friar Tuck: How'd you do, boys? Little John: Aw, Tuck, it was GREAT! You should've SEEN all the crazy stunts we pulled off! Robin Hood: Well, some of them were tricky, but it worked out just fine in the end. How's that disguise I'll to wear at the tournament coming along, good sir? Friar Tuck: Well...ahem...(shows Robin the stork disguise in one hand and two stilts in the other hand) do you think you can do all of that again on STILTS? Robin Hood: WHAT?! AGAIN?! ON STILTS?! (collapses from exhuastion) A/N: And that's a wrap! See you all on Tuesday! R&R; everyone![Chapter 6] A/N: Hey there, Roleplayer48! I haven't yet read that comic that you recommended as I just barely got home from my art class, plus I was work this morning, and so this is the first time I've been online today, well tonight I should say. Anyway, I'm glad this rewrite is working out for the both of us, and Sunny Bunny's remedies are helping with my bum toe. FYI, it wasn't broken, but it was swollen in a bad way, but it's recovering quite nicely. Chapter 6: The Archery Tournament (Part 1) *Ah. The next day. But not just ANY day like any other. Nope. It's the day of the Championship Archery Tournament! And here we are at...a...fieldly looking unnamed...location far from the town...okay, I have NO idea where this place is. Do you? Anyway, on top of two towers are six elephants (3 each on one respective tower) using they're trunks to make a fanfare as a bunch of Rhino Guards (including the dumb Derek from Chapter 2) parade into the field as various kids and villagers following from behind gathering to watch the tournament, hoping all goes well. Cut to the king's stand where Prince John (now wearing BLUE robes because his RED ones from earlier in the film were stolen by Robin Hood) and Sir Hiss are sitting in they're respective chairs, for you see, just as Little John and Alan A Dale feared, this tournament is really a plot! DUN, DUN, DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!* Prince John: (chuckles to himself) Hiss, today is the swellest day in a while to come. In fact, this is a red-letter day. A coup d'etat, to coin a Norman phrase. Sir Hiss: Oh, oh, yes indeed, sire. I must say, it was a really swell idea of yours to set up this trap. Prince John: Indeed. Most definitely. Robin Hood will be called a coward. And we know he will accept the challenge to prove he's not. Sir Hiss: Yep. This plan to capture Robin Hood in public is sheer genius. That's all I can say. Sheer GENIUS! (Laughs while jumping higher in his seat) Prince John: (notices Hiss sitting higher than him) Ahem. Hiss, how many times do I have to keep telling you? No one, I repeat, NO ONE sits higher than the king. Which is me, of course. (Presses Hiss back down in his seat) Must I keep reminding you over and over again, Hiss? Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk. (No one sits higher than the king, huh? Now, I never considered this before, but thinking about it now, don't you find it strange that Prince John doesn't like Hiss sitting higher than him but he's okay with Little John, dressed up as Sir Reginald, sitting higher than him with no problem? Be honest. It would make Applejack proud if you were. Trust me.* Sir Hiss: (apologies) Oh, oh, I'm so sorry, sire. Do forgive me. I-I didn't mean to. I was only trying to help. Prince John: (ignores Hiss) My trap is now baited and all set...and then revenge! Ah, (yells at the top of his kingly lungs) REVENGE! Sir Hiss: Shh! Not so loud there, sire. Remember, only you and I know, (begins hissing in Prince John's ear again like in Chapter 2) and you're s-s-s-secret is MY s-s-s-secret. Prince John: (pushes the snake away when the tongue tickles in his ear) Stop! (Giggles) Stop hissing in my ear! Wait, secret? Errr...WHAT secret are you referring to exactly there, Hissy? I'm confused. Sir Hiss: Why, none other than the capture of Robin Hood, sire. Prince John: That insolent, no good, money stealing, poor helping blackguard. OOH! I'll show that pesky outlaw who wears the crown around here! Sir Hiss: I share your loathing, sire. And I couldn't agree more with you. That scurrilous scoundrel who fooled you with that silly fortune teller disguise who dared to rob you and made you look so utterly RIDICULOUS by taking away your red robe and leaving you in nothing left but your UNDERWEAR! Prince John: (tries to punch Sir Hiss but misses) ENOUGH! Hiss, you deliberately dodged me. Sir Hiss: (getting nervous) But...b-b-but...sire. Please, not another bonk on the noggin. I beg you. You know it gives me a headache. Prince John: Stop snivelling and hold still. *Sir Hiss braces himself as Prince John once again hits him on the head.* Sir Hiss: (dazed) Thank you, sire. Really appreciate it. *Cut to Maid Marian and Lady Kluck who have just now arrived to the tournament, chatting to each other about this and that as they try to find they're seats.* Maid Marian: Oh Klucky, I'm so excited that we've been invited to come and watch this archery tournament. Do you think Robin Hood will show up? I know how much he LOVES archery. Lady Kluck: Maybe he will, maybe he won't. And if he does, he'll have to be crafty. Remember who it was who arranged this tournament in the first place. This could be a trap for your childhood friend. Maid Marian: Oh yes. Thanks for reminding me, Klucky. I'd almost forgotten. Though, here's a thought. If he enters this tournament wearing a disguise, how will I ever recognise him? Lady Kluck: Oh, don't worry about that. He'll let you know somehow. That young rogue of yours is full of surprises, my dear. *Unknown to the ladies, Robin Hood (almost fully dressed into his stork disguise) and Little John (wearing a duke's costume) are spying on them in the bushes.* Robin Hood: Well, what do ya know, Johnny? It's my childhood friend, Maid Marian! I haven't seen her since our parents separated us and she had to go to London! What a surprise seeing her here! Little John: (pulls Robin back) Cool it, Robby boy. If Maid Marian's here, it must be part of Prince John's trap. You gotta be careful. Remember? Besides, you didn't let me finish puttin' your disguise on. (Ties the false beak to the back of Robin's head) Robin Hood: Ah, yes. Thanks for the reminder, Johnny. I'd almost forgotten for a second. But there's no need to worry about a thing. This disguise would fool my own mother. Little John: Yeah. The only problem with that is that yo mama ain't here. Which means you've got to fool ol' bushel britches over there. (Gestures to the Sheriff of Nottingham who is also entering the tournament for some reason) Robin Hood: Say, what is that old Sheriff even doing here anyway? Why would HE want to enter this tournament? Little John: Probably to be a show off to the prince and his dumb rhino/elephant/hippo/wolf guards. Go on then, Rob. That's your cue. Robin Hood: Oh! Right! Wish me luck! (Walks up to the a Sheriff and changes his voice a little bit) Sheriff? Your honour? Sheriff: (surprised to be greeted by this strange ''stork'') Uh...yeah. That's me. Robin Hood: Ya know, let me just take this moment to say that meetin' ya face-to-face is one heck of a real treat. A real treat. Sheriff: Well now, thank you. That's really swell to hear. Oh, excuse me. I gotta go win this tournament. I'll give you my autograph later. Little John: (impressed) Hey, old Rob's not a bad actor. Not a bad one at all at that. But he ain't seen nothin' yet. Just wait until he sees this scene I lay on Prince John. (Walks his way to Prince John's throne) Ah! Me lord! My esteemed royal sovereign of the realm. The head man himself. You're beautiful. Prince John: (chuckles) He has style, eh Hiss? This guy really tickles my fancy if you know what I mean. (Begins speaking french for some stupid reason) ''Du savoir faire il y a n'est ce pas'', Hiss? Little John: (laughs) I haven't a clue what you just now said in french, but ya took the words right outta my mouth there, PJ. Prince John: ''PJ''? I like that. Do you know I do? It has a pretty nice to ring to it. Hiss, put that on my luggage. PJ! (Uncontrollable laughter which annoys Sir Hiss) PJ. Yes. (Hmm. Why do I feel like I used that line from Prince John on Princess Luna in our Luna Eclipsed rewrite? Dede42: You did use that in the Luna Eclipsed rewrite.) Sir Hiss: Hmpf! And you? Just who might you be to barge in out of nowhere like that, sir? Little John: Why, I'd be none other than Sir Reginald, Duke of Chutney. And don't stick your tongue out at me like that and put that thing back in your mouth, kid. (Puts Hiss's hat in his mouth) And now, your mightiness. Allow me to lay some protocol on you. (Nearly kisses Prince John's hand as if he's about to do the same jewels in mouth trick from earlier on in this film/fanfic) Prince John: (pulls his hand away) Uh, no. Uh, forgive me, but uh, I lose more jewels that way when people kiss my hand. I've already had that happen to me once and well, I don't want the same thing happening to me twice in one week. Heh. So sorry. (Nervous laughter) Please, do sit down. Little John: (sits down on Hiss's chair) Thank you kindly, PJ. Couldn't get a better seat than this, could ya? The royal box. I...oh! Hey! Wait a minute! Wha-what am I sitting on? (Realising he's sitting on Sir Hiss) Oh, uh, excuse me, buster. So terribly sorry about that. Sir Hiss: (indignantly) Buster?! BUSTER?! Why of all the nerve! You, ''sir'', have taken MY seat! Prince John: (breaks out into uncontrollable laughter with Little John) Oh Hiss, with you around, who needs a court jester?! Little John: Ho-ho, not me. That's for sure. Prince John: Yeah! Me neither! (Bursts into even MORE uncontrollable laughter as Hiss just stares at the camera with a depressed looking face) AHA! (That's his laugh from earlier again) Now then, Hiss. (Stares at himself in a tiny replica of his mother's mirror) Get out there right now and keep your snake eyes open for you know who if you know who it is I'm referring to. Sir Hiss: (whimpering) W-w-w-w-w-wha-what? Y-y-y-y-you m-m-m-mean I'm b-b-b-being (gulps) dismissed? Little John: You heard his mightiness, didn't ya, bub? You know how he can't stand repeating himself to you. Move it, creepy. (Drops Sir Hiss) Go away. Get lost. I am better than you. Be gone, long one. See ya later, alligator. Sir Hiss: (slithers away while mumbling to himself) What cheek! ''Creepy''?! ''Buster''?! ''Long one''?! ''ALLIGATOR''?! OOH! Why I oughta...do...SOMETHING! Honestly, who does that dopey duke think he is anyway to show up out of nowhere and humiliate me like that? (Slithers past Alan A Dale and Friar Tuck) Friar Tuck: (notices Sir Hiss) Sir Hiss? Now where in the name of our beloved God is HE off to? Alan A Dale: Wherever he's going, Friar, he could be up to no good or something. Friar Tuck: Yeah. He could try to ruin Robin's chance at winning without that Prince John catching him. Come on, Alan. A/N: And that's it for this chapter. See you all tomorrow! Bye! ;) R&R; everyone![Chapter 7] A/N: Sorry for the miss understanding with the note yesterday. I had a lot on my mind at the time. Chapter 7: The Archery Tournament (Part 2) *The competition is now underway as the players are marching their way towards the field and...wait...what's this? A RHINO GUARD joining the tournament? Oh, that will probably be the dimwitted Derek from Chapter 2/The Fortune Teller Scene joining for no reason like the Sheriff's reason for joining the tournament. Anyway, while the players of the archery tournament march their way toward the field, The Friar and the minstrel are looking for Hiss. But he's so small, he could be anywhere.* Alan A Dale: Nope. No sign of him down there. Any luck, Tuck? Oh hey, I rhymed! I'm a poet and I didn't even know it! Friar Tuck: No, sorry. I don't see him eith...(le gasp) Alan! Look! There he is! Alan A Dale: What? Where? Friar Tuck: There! *They see Hiss stuck inside one of Otto's free balloons floating upward into the air and using his tail as a propeller and gliding away.* Friar Tuck: Hurry Alan! He's gettin' away! (Chases off after the flying Snake) Alan A Dale: Hey wait! Slow down! I can't keep up with ya that fast! After all, I AM only a rooster! *At the throne, we see Maid Marian and Lady Kluck bowing/curtsying to Prince John nervously (knowing how evil he really was) as the players begin making their way down to the starting point, and among them is the Sheriff (who is joining this tournament for no real reason other than either to move the story forward or because he wants to show off to Prince John and his guards) and Robin Hood who is still in his stork disguise. Robin Hood sees Marian in the royal box and goes up to greet her.* Robin Hood: Ah, your ladyship. Beggin' your pardon, but it's a great honour to meet a nice, friendly looking lady like yourself before the tournament begins. (Hands Marian a daisy for a present) Psst, Marian. Don't tell the prince sitting next to you, but it's really me, Robin Hood! (Winks to her) Maid Marian: Oh! Well, nice to meet you, my thin-legged archer. (Chuckles and then begins whispering) Good luck, Robin. Do you think maybe once the tournament's over, I can drop by your place and have some fun with you and Little John the same way we used to as kids? Robin Hood: Heh. I'm sure the three of us together will have a crazy time. Sir Hiss: (suspicious) Hmmm… most peculiar. (Begins propelling away) Friar Tuck: (tries to grab Hiss but misses) No, wait! D'oh, I missed! Come back here you, slippery serpent! Sir Hiss: (calling down from above the sky) Not gonna happen, church boy! Friar Tuck: Ooh! That stupid... Alan A Dale: It's no good, Tuck. We'll never get him like this. Friar Tuck: (thinking of an idea) Unless...(pulls out an arrow seemingly out of nowhere) Come on, Alan. I have an idea. *Then a crocodile walks up to the royal box and presents a golden arrow for the winner resting on a pillow to Prince John* Captain Crocodile: Your Highness, with your royal permission, we are ready to begin. Prince John: Proceed, Captain. Let the games begin! Captain Crocodile: (announces) Alright, archers! You heard what he said! The tournament of the golden arrow will now begin in 3, 2, 1! *The crowd cheers as the elephant trumpeters once again blew their fanfare causing the still in a balloon Sir Hiss to blows him away! Well, too bad for him. Back on the ground, the archers fire their arrows at the targets and the crowd cheers them on and...you know what? This is probably gonna take some time to explain in detail what happens just like the original film in this part and I'll probably end up sounding like an annoying sports commentator that constantly states the obvious so I'll just skip ahead to right here where the Sheriff fires HIS arrow which hits the bullseye causing the audience to boo!* Sheriff: (in response to the non-Halloween booing from the audience) Oh please! It's not like any of YOU can do better than ME! *Boy, that Sheriff just doesn't know how wrong he is, doesn't he? Because here comes Robby! He shoots, he scores! Now this certainly surprises Sir Hiss and causes him to get even MORE suspicious! This perfect bullseye from Robin (in his stork disguise) causes Maid Marian to join in clapping with the audience.* Prince John: A perfect bullseye. Well, well. Little John: Yeah. That's what ya call ''pullin' it back and lettin' it go'', PJ. Prince John: Hmm. Not a bad slogan there, Reggie. Little John: Well, you know. As a duke, I try. *Back to Robin Hood and the Sheriff* Robin Hood: I'm gonna win that golden arrow, add it to my collection of golden trophies I already have at home later today, have myself a spot of posh British dinner with that friendly Maid Marian and... Sheriff: Now, listen here, scissorbill. If you can shoot… HALF as good as you blabbermouth and all that, you're better'n that wanted outlaw, Robin Hood. Robin Hood: Comparing me to Robin Hood? Wow-wee! (Slaps the Sheriff on his back) Heh. Well, I may be tiptop like most archers who joined here today, but I don't think I'm as good as he is. (Shoots his arrow and hits the bullseye perfectly again which made the Sheriff gape in disbelief and Sir Hiss even MORE than suspicious than before.) Little John: Ha-ha. Well, what do ya know about that? That kid sure does have class, don't he, PJ? Prince John: (getting suspicious) Hmm? What did you say? Oh yes! Of course! Indeed he has there, Reggie. (Chuckles) Bravo! Uh, bravo! Yes. Heh. Little John: (thinks to himself) Uh-oh. I don't like the look on his face there. *Back to Robin Hood as he examines his arrow* Robin Hood: Oh, uh, bye the way, Sheriff. I hear you, the prince and your henchmen are having a few little problems and some trouble getting your big bad wolf like hands on that Robin Hood fellow. Is that true? Sheriff: Trouble? Nah! He's just scared of me. That's what he is. Too chicken to mess with the likes of me. Say, did you notice that he didn't show up here to this tournament today? That's not like the Robin Hood I know since archery is his favourite sport. Though I gotta say, storky, if he was here right here right now, I bet I could spot him through whatever phony disguise he wears. Sir Hiss: (sneaks up behind Robin Hood and sees right through his disguise) Well, what do you know? It's him! It's Robin Hood! I found him! (Chuckles as he flies his way back to the royal box) Boy, is Prince John gonna be pleased with me when I tell him who this stork really is? *On the ground, Friar Tuck puts the arrow he found seemingly out of nowhere into Alan's guitar and pulls back on the string like a crossbow and launches it at Sir Hiss.* Alan A Dale: Are you sure this will work? Sir Hiss: (gasps in shock as the arrow pops the balloon) GAH! WHAT THE?! WHO POPPED MY BALLOON?! I...uh-oh. (Screams as he falls back down) Friar Tuck: You were saying, Alan? Alan A Dale: Oh, never mind. Your plan worked. That's all that matters now. Friar Tuck: Good. (Catches the falling snake) GOTCHA! (Shoves him into a barrel of ALE) You've done enough for one day, Hissy boy. Sir Hiss: Unhand me this instant you no good...(gets sealed inside the barrel as Friar plugs up the hole with a cork) Please, please! Let me out! I beg you! I don't drink! I'm not an alcoholic! I...(begins tasting it) mind you, this IS pretty taste ALE. I can see why others like it. I guess it wouldn't hurt to have a few sips more. (begins drinking a lot) *Meanwhile as Captain Crocodile pulls the two arrows from the target and begins announcing again.* Captain Crocodile: Ahem. Attention everyone! Before we end the tournament for this year, the final contestants are none other than...drumroll please, Mr. Hippo? (The hippo with the drums gives the Captain a drumroll as requested)...the Honourable Sheriff of Nottingham! Sheriff: Hey! That's me! (Steps out and takes a bow only to get more boos from the audience) Thank you! Thank you...HEY! Just be glad I'm not taking your taxes off you for once in my life this time! Captain Crocodile: And the spindle-legged stork from Devonshire. (Everyone cheers for Robin Hood. Including Maid Marian.) Prince John: (notices Maid Marian cheering at the ''stork'') So Marian, my dear. I suspect that you favour the gangly youth and hope for him to win this tournament, hmm? Maid Marian: Uh, why, yes, sire. Heh. Well, you know how I feel about loveable animals and adorable creatures in the forest. They amuse me. Prince John: You're starting to sound like that Snow White woman and her love for strange wild animals from that fairytale I've heard about. (Or Fluttershy and HER love for animals) Prince John: Well, my dear. Coincidently, this stork fellow amuses me too. (Evil laugh) Captain Crocodile: FOR THE FINAL SHOOT-OUT, MOVE THE TARGET BACK 30 PACES! Psst, hippos! The Two Drummer Hippos With No Names: Hmm? Captain Crocodile: That's your cue for another drumroll, you dummies! The Two Drummer Hippos With No Names: Oh! Right! Sorry Captain! (Play the drumroll as requested) Sheriff: (Goes up to a dumb vulture who is called Nutsy) Come on then, Nutsy! You heard the crocodile's orders! Move the target back 30 paces! Get goin'! Move it, you birdbrain! Nutsy: What? Now?! Okay, okay! I'm going! I'm going! (Goes inside the target) Sheriff: (whispers) And remember what you're supposed to do to help me win. Nutsy: Yes, sir Sheriff, sir. (begins to move the target back) Sheriff: Alrighty then. Here goes nothing. (fires his arrow and Nusty still inside the target jumps up making the arrow hit the bullseye which makes the crowd, even Maid Marian, boo even MORE!) Ha. Not bad Nutsy. (Happily pats his big fat belly) Well, that shot wins the golden arrow for me to add to my collection of normal ordinary arrows I have. (Chuckles and turns to the Stork as he aims his arrow, and nudges his bow just enough to send his arrow straight into the air.) (The crowd gasps and boos while the Stork immediately fires another arrow after the first one. The two arrows collides and the first arrow falls through the air and hits the target, splitting the Sheriff's arrow in two. The crowd goes crazy with their cheers and the Sheriff stares in shock.) Friar Tuck: (Cheering) Hooray! He did it, he did it, he did it! Maid Marian: (also cheering) Alright! (hugs her in excitement) Did you see that, Klucky? Lady Kluck: Yeah! That was amazing! Prince John: Aha. (motions to the Captain) Captain Crocodile: Ah. That's the signal. Right. (rubs his crocodile hands evilly) Better tell the boys. (Notices Derek standing next to him) Ah Derek. Come here for a sec, will you? Derek (the Rhino Guard): What? Captain Crocodile: (whispers in his ear) You know that stork who just won the tournament? Derek (the Rhino Guard): What about him other than the fact that he won and I didn't? Captain Crocodile: Well, (whispers in his ear some more) Derek (the Rhino Guards): Really now? Captain Crocodile: Mmm-hmm. And he's making his way to the royal box to reclaim his prize. Get the lads ready to seize him when he least expects it and get a move on. Derek (the Rhino Guard): Yes, sir, Mr. Crocodile, sir. (blows a whistle) Come on you rhinos! Follow that stork! Some Other Random Rhino Guard With No Name: Since when do YOU give orders? Derek (the Rhino Guard): Just come on so we can seize this fox in that stork disguise. Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: Well how do YOU know it's really Robi... Derek (the Rhino Guard): I don't have time for this. Just start your signature marching and follow him to the royal box already. Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: Why should we listen to YOU of all people? Derek (the Rhino Guard): Because those orders come from Prince John himself! Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: Fine, fine. A/N: And that's a wrap for this chapter. See you all on Thursday! R&R; everyone![Chapter 8] A/N: Hey, Roleplayer48, noting was preventing the postings of your reviews. I just barely got online a short time ago, and I was reading through them and collecting the stuff for this chapter, so that's why there was a delay. It's Utah, and there were cultural things that I needed to attended to, and treat my bum toe that is healing. I hope Lyra hasn't stolen Sunrise Blossom's potions again. Chapter 8: Fight To The Death! (Captain Crocodile signals the hippos, and they start to drum, the elephants trumpet their trunks, and the rhino soldiers do their signature march as the Stork leads the way to the royal platform and waves his bow in the air like a baton. When they reach the platform, Maid Marian holds the red velvet pillow that the golden arrow rests on.) Prince John: (stands with an evil smile that leaves Little John concerned) Archer, I commend you, and because of your superior skill, you shall get what is coming to you. Maid Marian: Indeed you shall. (Gives Robin the golden arrow) Here you are. Robin Hood: (whispering) Thanks, Marian. Now let's get out of here before PJ... Prince John: (interrupting) Our royal congratulations. Robin Hood: (annoyed sigh) Ahem. (Regains his stork impression and begins shaking Prince John's hand wildly) Thank you kindly, Your Highness. Ya know, as I told that nice old Sheriff earlier, meetin' you face-to-face, Your High and Mighty, is one heck of a real treat. Prince John: (yanks his paw away and makes sure that he has all his rings/jewels) RELEASE THE ROYAL FINGERS! Ah! Robin Hood: So, uh...Marian? Sir Reginald? Let's go celebrate my victory down in Sherwood Forest...far away from here...right now...away from this ''kind'' prin... Prince John: DON'T leave JUST yet! (Grabs his sword to tap both Robin Hood's shoulders) Robin Hood: (gulps) I'm dead. (Forces himself to bow) Prince John: And now, in this very moment of truth, I now name you the winner... Little John: Uh oh. Prince John: ...or more appropriately...(snickers then slices through Robin Hood's stork disguise revealing his true self)...THE LOSER! (Cackles as the crowd gasps and Little John, who knew this would happen, looks alarmed) Okay, boys. You know what to do. Derek (the Rhino Guard): Uhh...what? Prince John: (sighs) Seize him. Derek (the Rhino Guard): Oh yeah. COME HERE YOU! *The Rhino Guards jump at Robin Hood, who immediately jumps off the stilts and leads them on a merry run around the area until they all finally manage to dive at him, resulting in a dust cloud of shouts and fists. When the dust clears, Robin Hood is done up in chains.* Prince John: I sentence you to sudden, instant and even...immediate DEATH! Maid Marian: (begins to cry) Oh no! (Sniff) Oh! Little John: I knew it, Rob! I just knew this was gonna happen to ya! I knew no good would come of this prank! But ya didn't listen! Robin Hood: Okay, okay! I'm sorry, Johnny! You were right the whole time! I'll listen to you next time! I promise! Prince John: (chuckles evily) Oh Robin, you DO realise that there isn't even going to BE a next time, right? Maid Marian: (still crying) Please. Please, sire. I beg of you to spare his life. Please have mercy. Prince John: Quit blubbering, emotional lady, and take your medicine like a man. Why SHOULD I spare this outlaw anyway? You don't make the rules. Maid Marian: Rules? You're wanting to kill one of my friends! Prince John: He is a traitor to the crown! And all traitors to the crown must die! Robin Hood: (Outraged) TRAITORS TO THE CROWN? That crown belongs to King Richard. LONG LIVE KING RICHARD! Crowd: (Shouting out) LONG LIVE KING RICHARD! Prince John: (Shouted) ENOUGH! (Begins throwing a childish tantrum) I AM KING! KING! KING! AH! OFF WITH HIS HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAD-UH! Captain Crocodile: Psst, Mr. Hippo Drummer! Hippo Drummer: Hmm? Oh! Right! *The Hippo Drummer plays the tune of an execution theme as an executioner, which is a rhino that's even creepier than the other ones, was heading for Robin Hood holding his axe ready to make with the chopping of the head. Everyone in the crowd knows there's nothing they can do to stop it, and all that Marian can do is cry in the arms of her friend Lady Kluck. Until...* Prince John: (suddenly shouting in pain) STOP! EXECUTIONER, STOP! I HAVE ALL OF A SUDDEN CHANGED MY MIND! HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD YOUR AXE! Little John: (holding a knife to Prince John's back, forcing him to withdraw his orders) Alright, you little momma's boy. I'm done playin' games with the likes of you. I have a real sharp knife here and I ain't afraid to use it. Now tell those rhinos to untie my buddy or I'll... Prince John: B-GEEK! Sheriff, release my buddy-EEK! I mean release THE PRISONER! Sheriff: (confused) Wait, what? Untie the prisoner? Have ya lost your marbles? Lady Kluck: You heard what he said, bushel britches! Prince John: SHERIFF, I make the rules! And since I'M the head ma- (gets jerked from the back by Little John as if to say ''just get on with it'') Watch where you point that knife, you MEAN thing. Little John: Okay. That does it. (presses the knife into Prince John's back even more) Prince John: LET HIM GO! FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE, LET! HIM! GO! Lady Kluck: (cheering) YEE-HEE! LONG LIVE ROBIN HOOD! (Robin Hood frees himself as the crowd cheers with joy) Derek (the Rhino Guard): Uhh...what...just happened? (The other rhinos just shrug) Sheriff: I don't know myself, Derek. But one thing's for sure, there's somethin' funny goin' on around here. And I intend to find out what. Stay here. (Sneaks up to the back of the royal box) Little John: (still holding a knife to Prince John's back) Now PJ, we're gonna be takin' our leave now. And you will swear to your very soul, if you have one, that you will forever leave Robby alone and let him be, or I've just found myself a new pin cushion. Sheriff: WHY YOU! (Tries attacking Little John but gets uppercut by him which releases Prince John by mistake) Prince John: KILL HIM! DON'T JUST STAND THERE! KILL HIM! Derek (the Rhino Guard): Oh, I do wish the prince would make up his mind. I'm confused enough as it is. Prince John: I HAVE MADE UP MY MIND, YOU NIMRODS! NOW, KILL HIM! Derek (the Rhino Guard): Oh alright, fine. *The fight begins as Little John hands Robin Hood a sword seemingly out of nowhere for him to use to fight back the rhino guards. This unfortunatley leaves Little John WITHOUT a weapon and all he's using to fight the rhinos with is a brown pole/stick. Well, it's better than nothing because Little John manages to fight them just fine. Especially if he uses it to poke them in they're tummies making them groan in pain, which he just now did to Derek. Meanwhile, Robin is still fighting against the other rhinos and Prince John is just about to strike with the sword he had in his paw earlier right behind him when...* Robin Hood: Think fast, PJ! (Kicks the sword out of Prince John's hands with HIS sword) Prince John: (beginning to panic) Don't hurt me!, No, no! Don't hurt me! Help! Help! (Runs from the royal box and hides behind the same barrel of ALE that Sir Hiss is still trapped in) KILL HIM! (I just find it really funny that Prince John wants to hurt/kill Robin Hood but PANICS when the sword is directed toward HIM and begs Robin NOT to hurt/kill him! What a crybaby.) Lady Kluck: Make a run for it, lassie! (Maid Marian does as she says) This is NO place for a lady! Maid Marian: (pauses running in confusion) ...but...aren't YOU a lady? Lady Kluck: No, I'm a girl chicken! Now go! Maid Marian: Alright, alright! (Runs for it again, being careful not to trip on her long dress...or bloomers because of how long they are) Lady Kluck: (walks up behind Derek who is still battling with Little John) TAKE THIS! (Pokes Derek in the butt with the golden arrow causing him to scream like Tom Cat) I think he's got the point. (Rimshot) Sheriff: (grabs Lady Kluck's arms from behind her) GOTCHA! Now I...(Lady Kluck grabs HIS arm)...wait...what are you doing? (Gets flung over her shoulder) WHOA! OOF! Lady Kluck: Take that, you scoundrel. Maid Marian: (being chased by three wolf archers) HELP! (Stops to look behind her to see if she's still being chased when she SHOULD be RUNNING!) ROBIN, HELP! *In a daring rescue, Robin Hood swings down from a large rope, grabbing the fair maiden and carries her to safety on top of Prince John's royal box.* Robin Hood: So, uh, how was your day? Maid Marian: Oh, you know, the usual. Going to an Archery Tournament, begging the prince not to kill you, running for my life from three wolf archers with a big long pointy arrow in they're hands, same as always. (The two of them fall through the high top curtain and land right on Prince John's throne) Oof! Wolf Archer With A Sword 1: (begins sword fighting Robin Hood) Your luck runs out, Mr. Nice Guy. Robin Hood: I didn't think you wolves could sword fight at all! I thought all you did was shooting with your bows and arrows nonstop! Wolf Archer With A Sword 1: Well, maybe we wanted to try something completely different to make us feel more SPECIAL! Wolf Archer With A Sword 2: Wait, we're NOT special? Robin Hood: Oh, of course. How stupid of me. If you REALLY wanna feel special, you'd better take this special throne then. All Wolf Archers With Swords: NO! DON'T! (Too late! Robin pushes the throne onto them causing them to get squashed) OW! Robin Hood: Ha! Too easy. Bet you couldn't do that. Maid Marian: I don't even think I'd even dare. I can't even sword fight at all! (Both laugh) *Meanwhile, Lady Kluck is being chased by three hippos while Little John is STILL fighting with the rhino guards and forcing them into a small yellow-striped orange tent.* Little John: Ooh, what a main event this is. (Laughs to himself) Lady Kluck: (rushes into the tent from the other side with the hippos still chasing her forcing Little John out the front) 'Scuse me! Coming through! Little John: Ho, this is startin' to get tense here. What a beautiful brawl! (Forces his way back into the tent at the same time Lady Kluck is kicked out the back by Derek) Lady Kluck: Oof! Ooh, now I'll show you! (Pokes Derek in the butt again causing all the rhinos and hippos inside the tent to run blindly as Little John peers out the top) Little John: Hm. This feels more relaxing. Kinda feels like riding on a choo choo train. (Realises something) WHAT A MINUTE! WHO'S EVEN DRIVIN' THIS FLYIN' UMBRELLA?! (Well, it's definitely not Mary Poppins. That's for sure. You get the joke? Flying UMBRELLA? Mary Poppins? Huh, huh? Why is no one laughing at that joke?) *While the crowd try to run away from the runaway tent as quickly as they possibly can, Robin Hood takes on sword fighting with Captain Crocodile near a pie stand where Trigger (a vulture that's a LOT smarter than Nutsy) sells pies.* Maid Marian: Robin, when we get out of here, will you teach me how to use a sword? Robin Hood: Of course I can! Maid Marian: Wonderful! (picks up a pie and throws it in the face Captain Crocodile): Take that! Captain Crocodile: Hey! Stop that! Trigger: (appears from out of the pie stand) Say hello to my little friend called ''Ol' Betsy''! (Fires ''Ol' Betsy'' at Robin who ducks as the arrow bounces back at him after hitting Captian Crocodile's shield) YIPE! (Ducks as the arrow strikes the sign in the stand) Maid Marian: Take that! (Throws a pie at Trigger's face and breaks down laughing with Robin) Trigger: Okay, was a pie to the face REALLY necessary? I...wait a minute. What's that funny rumbling noise? (The runaway tent bursts through the pie stand as many of Trigger's pies fly right into Little John's face) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! Captain Crocodile: (winces) This fighting is getting us nowhere. And the chaos is only making things worse. I'd better calm everyone down. Robin Hood: Oh, so you give up? Am I free to go for now? Captain Crocodile: Yeah, sure, fine, whatever. (Runs up to the centre of the field) Attention, everyone! (Gets run over by the runaway tent as Trigger lands on his back) D'OW! (Groaning in pain) Now I know what getting run over by a real train feels like. Trigger: You're telling me. (Coughs) (And Nutsy and Trigger will never be seen in this movie/fanfic ever again until much later on in the movie starting from the Jailbreak scene. Isn't it weird that certain characters get a certain amount of screentime or speaking roles or scenes to themselves at certain points of this movie and then either do or don't show up again at all later on as if the animators and script writers completley forgot they're even exist. Take Skippy and the kids for example. They only get like only TWO scenes such as Skippy's birthday, meeting Maid Marian and then that's it. Just cameo apperances later. Though Skippy does get a few lines near the end but that's not the point. And speaking of Maid Marian, after the Phony King of England song, she and Lady Kluck don't appear in the movie for a long time until the ending! Did you notice that? And then there's Otto who only has ONE scene all to himself and only shows up later as a cameo in a crowd of poor people throughout the rest of the film. Weird, isn't it, Dede42? Any thoughts you'd like to share on this matter?) Sheriff: Uh, where did everybody go? (Notices the runaway tent heading his way) OH SWEET MERCY! LEG IT! *The Sheriff tries to get away from the runaway tent by running as fast as he possibly can...which isn't really that fast at all considering his weight. But the tent eventually catches him along with Prince John's throne.* Sheriff: (eyes Little John) Uh, how do you stop this thing? Little John: That's what I've literally been asking myself the whole time, bushel britches. (Suddenly notices where the runaway tent is headed) Uh oh. Sheriff: What? Little John: We're headin' straight toward those two stone pillars that the trumpeting elephants stand on! Sheriff: Oh no! Uh, Little John? I know it may against my better judgement to ask YOU of all people for help, but can you help me get off this thing before we cras... Little John: (jumps away from the moving tent to rejoin Robin and the others) Sorry, Sheriff. You're on your own. I'm outta here! Sheriff: Wait! No! Come back! Elephant Trumpeter 1: 'Ere, mate. Do you see what I see? Elephant Trumpeter 2: Hmm. Looks to me like a moving tent. Elephant Trumpeter 1: Looks to me like we've been standing up on these stone pillars near the sun too long and we're seeing things. Elephant Trumpeter 2: Are you sure about that, mate? For a hallucination from being in the sun too long, it's pretty loud and it looks like it's about to crash into us. Elephant Trumpeter 1: Are your eyes working properly, bro? It's clearly going AROUND us. Elephant Trumpeter 2: (sighs in relief) Phew. That's a relief. (Hears a train whistle seemingly from the runaway tent and jumps onto the other elephant) AH! Okay, NOW it's going to crash into us! Elephant Trumpeter 1: You mean it's NOT a hallucination from being up here near the sun too long? Elephant Trumpeter 2: No! Brace yourself! *The runaway tent crashes right into the stone pillars making it falling to pieces as our heroes try to get out of the way.* Both Elephant Trumpeters: (falling from the collapsing pillars) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA- (land in the spilled pile or rubble) Oof! Elephant Trumpeter 1: Hey! Robin's getting away! Oi, you! Don't just sit there! Do something! Sound the alarm! Elephant Trumpeter 2: Oh, right. Gotcha. (Sounds his trumpet but gets silenced by Lady Kluck who squeezes his trunk) Lady Kluck: AHHHHHHHHHHH, SHUT UP! Prince John: (still hiding behind the barrel of ALE) STOP THE GIRL! Skippy: (aims his bow and arrow at Prince John's butt) Alright, Skippy. You can do this. Remember, it's about stayin' focused ON YOUR GOAL! (Fires his arrow which hits Prince John's butt as planned) Prince John: YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEOW! Lady Kluck: (smacks PJ on the head with the golden arrow) TAKE THAT, YOU SCURVY KNAVE! Prince John: Who hit me on me noggin? I...(notices Lady Kluck) YOU! RHINO GUARDS! SEIZE THE FAT ONE! Derek (the Rhino Guard): Ooh! Can we tackle her like we're playing Amercian Football? Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: Derek, how can you think of something so STUPID like an American sport at a time like THIS?! Derek (the Rhino Guard): I practice. Prince John: JUST SEIZE THAT CHICKEN ALREADY! 'Cause I'M certainly not gonna waste my time trying. Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: Oh, okay, Derek. American Football tackling with Lady Kluck it is. Derek (the Rhino Guard): YAY! (The rhino guards charges toward Lady Kluck like a bunch of linebackers and when she sees this, she grabs up a small barrel, tucks it under one wing, and she charges forward like a quarterback. Despite the differences of size, she manages to send the rhino guards flying left and right, and she does a victory dance when she reaches the edge of the woods.) Lady Kluck: (cheers again) LONG LIVE KING RICHARD! YEEEE-HOOO! Prince John: DON'T MENTION THAT NAME! Little John: Come on, Klucky! We gotta vamoose! (Grabs Lady Kluck and retreats into the forest as a bunch of randomly fired arrows miss our heroes and hit the trees instead) Prince John: (still kneeling near the barrel of ALE) HISS! YOU'RE NEVER AROUND WHEN I NEED YOU! (Sigh) Where could he be? I haven't seen him since I told him to leave the royal bo... Sir Hiss: (from inside the ALE barrel) I'm on my way, sire. I'll be with you in a minute. (Hic!) Oh, this is the best ALE I've ever drunk! (Chuckles) Oh, for I'm a jolly good fellow. For I'm a jolly good fellow. For I'm a jolly good felloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow! Which nobody can deny! Prince John: I can deny it. (Removes the cork from the barrel) Come on out of there, you! Sir Hiss: (slithers right out) Cuckoo! (Notices Prince John) Oh! Oh, there you are, old boy! I've been (Hic!) looking all over the place for you! (Hic!) Prince John: (Facepalms) Hiss, why have you been in that barrel getting drunk? Sir Hiss: It's a (Hic!) long story, Johnny Boy! But I have some brill-(Hic!)-iant news you're absolutely (Hic!) going to love! Prince John: (sigh) What is it. Sir Hiss: Well, PJ. You may not believe what I'm (Hic!) about to tell you, but the (Hic!) stork is really Robin Hood! Prince John: (growling) Robin Hood? Sir Hiss: (drunkly nods and chuckles) Aren't you (Hic!) proud of me? Prince John: GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! (Grabs Sir Hiss and ties him to a pole) Get out of that if you can, Captain Obvious. A/N: Yup, I say that this chapter is finally wrapped up. See you on Tuesday! R&R; everyone![Chapter 9] A/N: I'm sorry to hear that you're not feeling well, Roleplayer48, and I hope you get better sooner. Anyway, I'll see what I can come up with to replace the love song, and I think I already know what to do. Chapter 9: Fun talking/The Phony King Of England/Prince John Finds Out *Ah, what a beautiful evening here in Sherwood Forest. The stars are out. The moon is full. The fireflies are flying around everywhere.* Firefly 1: I still can't believe that big bear in a weird fortune teller looking disguise TRAPPED us in that crystal ball! Firefly 2: Yeah. What are we? Pets? Firefly 3: I agree with you. I mean, I know we're pretty at night but COME ON! *Oooooooooooookay, talking fireflies...weird. Anyway, Robin Hood and Maid Marian walk together through the woods, and they are happy to have escape from the rhino guards.* Maid Marian: It's wonderful to see you again, Robin. Robin Hood: I'm happy to see you again, too, Marian. How have you been doing since we last saw each other? Maid Marian: I've been doing well, but I missed the fun we used to have before our parents sent us to different places. Robin Hood: I've missed the fun we used to have, too. Like sneaking a frog into the kitchen and scaring the cook? Maid Marian: (laughs) Oh yes, and dropping ice down the back of Little John's shirt to make him jump around in such a funny manner? Robin Hood: (laughs) Exactly, why can't we go back to that kind of life? Maid Marian: I really don't know. Friar Tuck: (pops out from behind a bush and cheers loudly surprising Robin and Marian) SURPRISE! LONG LIVE ROBIN HOOD! Hee, hee, hee! Church Mouse 1: (appearing on top of Friar Tuck's head along with Church Mouse 2) Hooray! And long live Maid Marian! Church Mouse 2: Bravo! Bravo! (The rest of the villagers come out of they're hiding places and begin cheering too) Otto: Here here! Bravo! Bravo! Hooray! Lady Kluck: (leaps from a tree and onto a tree branch) And down with that scurvy Prince John! Little John: Yeah! Come on, folks! Let's party! *Music begins to play as Alan A Dale plays the guitar like a rockstar would, a Chinese Rabbit (secretly the Chinese Cat from The Aristocats voiced by Tigger's voice actor Paul Winchell in a rabbit disguise) plays the drums, a white cat with a similar blue hat and shirt that Donald Duck normally wears (Scat Cat who dyed his fur white so no one but us would recognise him or his dance moves from The Aristocats) plays the flute (knowing Scat Cat, the flute should've really been his saxophone/trombone but that would give the game away and let everyone know that him and his gang AREN'T Nottingham villagers), and a pig (the big fat cat with the BIG guitar from The Aristocats in a pig costume who has lost weight since that film) plays a guitar too.* (Well, think about it, Dede42. I'm sure even YOU may have noticed the recycled dance animation from The Jungle Book, The Aristocats and Snow White used in the Phony King of England song. Everyone has. And plus, you never know, the band near Alan A Dale COULD be Scat Cat and his gang of alley cats in different animal disguises if you watch they're dance moves closely. Dede42: I have noticed and I learned that they recycled the dance moves because of financial problems while building Disney World back in the day.) [Little John] Oh, the world will sing of an English King, A thousand years from now. And not because he passed some laws, Or had that lofty brow. While bonny good King Richard leads the great crusade he's on, We'll all have to slave away for that good-for-nothin' John! Incredible as he is inept. Whenever the history books are kept, They'll call him the Phony King of England! [Friar Tuck] A POX ON THE PHONY KING OF ENGLAND! Hee, hee, hee! *Little John opens the curtains as Friar Tuck and Otto do a puppet show for the kids using lifelike dummies of Prince John and Sir Hiss which were really just a scarecrow and an old sock.* [Alan A Dale] He sits alone on a giant throne, Pretending he's the king! [Little John] A little tyke who's rather like, A puppet on a string. And he throws an angry tantrum if he cannot have his way. And then he calls for mom, While he's suckin' his thumb! Heh, heh. You see, he doesn't wanna play! *Skippy, Sis, Toby and Tagalong break down laughing at the hilarious sight of Friar Tuck and Otto acting out the lyrics of this verse.* [Little John] Too late to be known as John the First, He's sure to be known as John the Worst! A pox on that Phony King of England! (I suppose some of you are wondering why it says that Alan A Dale sings the first words of the second verse. Well, it's because, although this song is sung by Little John throughout, for some reason upon hearing ''he sits alone a giant throne pretending he's the king'' I thought that was Alan A Dale because it sounds nothing like Little John at that point of the song. What do YOU think though? No one else has ever considered this before except me. Again, honest answers please. That means you, Dede42. Take your time. Dede42: I don't see anything wrong with Alan A Dale taking some of the lines in the song, I rather like it. *winks and smiles*) Little John: (to Alan A Dale) Lay that country on me, babe! (Alan begins playing like crazy on his guitar) Lady Kluck: Come on, Johnny! (Both start doing the same dance Baloo and King Louie did together in the ''I Wanna Be Like You'' song) Go laddie go! *During this instrumental break, we cut to everyone else having a blast to this song. While we're here, let's talk some more about the recycled dance moves. Here we see two owls doing the same dance that Flunkey Monkey (the only one of King Louie's monkies that has a name from The Jungle Book) did, Robin Hood and Maid Marian doing the same dances that Thomas O'Malley and Duchess did together in The Aristocats, and oh, hey! Look! It's Scat Cat and his gang of alley cats in they're animal disguises again! Unlike the rest of the band who have disguised themselves as rabbits, dogs, pigs and whatever animal is playing the xylophone, Scat Cat is the only one without a different animal disguise. Instrumental break is over. Back to the song!* [Little John] While he taxes us to pieces, And he robs us of our bread, King Richard's crown keeps slippin' down, Around that pointed head. Ah! But while there is a merry man, In Robin's wiley pack, We'll find a way to make him pay, And steal our money back. A minute before he knows we're there, Ol' Rob will snatch his underwear! Robin Hood: (puts on the underwear from the Prince John dummy as everyone laughs and cheers once more) Well, what do you know? They fit just perfectly. [Little John] The breezy and uneasy king of England! The snivellin' grovellin', Measly weasly, Blabberin' jabberin', Gibberin' jabberin', Plunderin' plottin', Wheelin' dealin', Prince John! That Phony King of England! Yeah! *They partied like that all night. Well, until they all got sleepy and headed on home for a good night's sleep anyway. And let me be the first to say in the words of Baloo, man, that's what I call a swingin' party.* *The very next morning over at Prince John's castle, the Sheriff walked in singing the same song that everyone was singing last night as he made his was to Sir Hiss who was sitting at a desk counting the leftover money they still had that thankfully for them wasn't stolen.* Sheriff: Oh, he throws an angry tantrum if he cannot have his way! He calls for mom and sucks his thumb and doesn't want to play! Too late to be known as John the First, he's sure to be known as John the WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORST! (Sir Hiss breaks down laughing) Heh, heh. How about that? Sir Hiss: (calms down after a few seconds of giggling) That sure is a catchy song there, Sheriff. Why, that's PJ to a T. It clearly is. Yes. Ooh, ooh! Let me try! Let me try! Just give me a second. Ahem. Maybe two. (Tries to find his singing voice) Oh, hee, ha, ho, too late to be known as John the First, he's sure to be known as John the Wors...(stutters as he notices Prince John walks into the room to see what is going on) uhhh, the fabulous, marvellous, merciful, regal, dignified, sincere, masterful, noble, chiv... Sheriff: Oh, ya got it all wrong, Hiss. It's the snivelin', grovelin', weaselly, measly… Prince John: (interrupting) ENOUGH! Sheriff: Uh oh. (ducks as Prince John throws a bottle of sparkling grape juice at him) B-b-b-but sire! It's a big hit! Why, the whole village is singin' it. It's been proclaimed ''the most singed song in the history of singed songs in history''. Prince John: And I thought it was ''Don't Stop Believing''. (Walks up to the Sheriff angrily) Well, very soon, these people will be singing a very completely different tune. Sheriff: (nervously) W-w-which is...? Prince John: Double the taxes! Triple the taxes! (Squeezes Sir Hiss) SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEZE every last drop out of those insolent (suddenly turns more cheerful) musical peasants. Speaking of musicals. I feel like I should sing a song myself! Sir Hiss: Oh no, sire! Not again with the singing! Sheriff: Why? Is it THAT bad? Sir Hiss: WORSE! (The following song Prince John is about to sing is actually an unused song that's not in this movie from Disc 2 of the Robin Hood Legacy Collection CD. Maybe you have it. Maybe you don't. Maybe you've heard it. Maybe you haven't. Dede42: No, I haven't, and now I'm curious.) [Prince John] Yes, one, two, three, four! I'm inclined to believe! If I were king, I'd up and leave! I love it! Love it! There's no denying! La, la, la! Gathering gold is satisfying! I have found some happiness for me! Here in Nottingham! Here in Notting-HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM! Here in Nottingham! Here in Nottingham! Here in Notting, Notting-HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-ham! (Laughs uncontrollably) Nottingham. Ha, ha, ha! Ham. Sheriff: (holding his ears) Ow. Sir Hiss: I did tell you. A/N: I hope you get better soon, Roleplayer48, and I hope you like what I added to the chapter. See you tomorrow! R&R; everyone![Chapter 10] A/N: Another song that I'm gonna need to look up when I have a chance. I do hope you'll get over your cold in time for Halloween, Roleplayer48, and as for what I'm dressing up as tomorrow. Well, it's a character from one of those shows you don't really like, but that's how it goes sometimes. Anyhoo, get well and hopefully have a Happy Halloween tomorrow. Chapter 10: Hard Times In Nottingham/''GET OUTTA MY CHURCH!'' *This is a gloomy looking sight. A stormy evening in Nottingham. Though, depending on what date you're reading this, this gloomy sight kinda fits the Halloween spirit. Don't you think? Unfortunately, it's nowhere near Halloween in this story so that's not the reason why there's bad weather. No, like in most cartoons, bad stormy weather would often happen when something evil or rotten is going on. What sort of evil thing is happening here that's causing this weather? I'm not telling you that. Leave that to the rooster...wherever he is.* Alan A Dale: (narrating offscreen as we cut to a montage of the lack of people in the Nottingham village) Man, oh, man. That Prince John sure made good as threat. Skippy: (offscreen) Uh, Alan? Who are you talking to? Alan A Dale: (still narrating offscreen) And if you're wonderin' why there isn't any people in the village today, then you'll know that PJ's helpless subjects payed dearly for his humiliation. Believe me. Sis: (offscreen) How can we NOT believe you? You payed dearly too, ya know! Otto: (offscreen) And what do you mean by ''helpless''? Are you referring to me and my broken leg? Tagalong: (offscreen) Yeah, wooster. Who's side are you on here? Alan A Dale: (STILL narrating offscreen) Taxes, taxes, taxes. (Cut to the front of the jail where Trigger and Sheriff are guarding the entrance) Why, he taxed the heart and soul outta the poor people in Nottingham. Skippy's Mother: (offscreen) Uh, you're forgetting that he taxed the heart and soul out of you too! *Cut to the jail cell window which reveals where these voices are coming from.* Alan A Dale: If you couldn't pay your taxes, you went to jail. (Looks out the window and at the audience/readers) Yep. It would appear that I'm in here too. Boy, Nottingham was in deep trouble. Everyone Inside The Jail Cell: WHO ARE YOU TALKING TO?! Alan A Dale: All the folks watchin' this at home of course. Everyone Inside The Jail Cell: WHAT FOLKS?! Alan A Dale: Don't you see the cameras that keep following every single one of use wherever we go? We're being filmed for a movie based on what's happening in real life right now. Everyone Inside The Jail Cell: A MOVIE?! Skippy: Well, if these cameras have secretly been filming what's been happening to us these past days, why are they filming us trapped in here?! Sis: And who would wanna watch a film about us getting locked up in a jail just for having a dance party while mocking Prince John last night? Skippy's Mother: (while feeding her other baby bunnies some soup) And for a chicken, how do you know so much? Alan A Dale: Because I happen to know that what's happening in reality right now is loosely based off a fairytale of our hero and I'm pretending to be a narrator for these cameras that are filming us. Skippy: Well then, what happens next in this here fairytale that our lives are based off? Do we spend the rest of our lives in here until we rot or die? Alan A Dale: Uh, I can't remember. Everyone Inside The Jail Cell: WHAT?! Alan A Dale: I was so busy jamming it up at the party last night, I've forgotten what happens next in the fairytale that suddenly ended up happening just now and didn't have time to warn anyone. Skippy's Mother: Okay. Who votes we all throw these bowling balls that our feet are attached to at this here know it all? Everyone Inside The Jail Cell: Me! Alan A Dale: Uh-oh. Skippy's Mother: Then it's settled. GET HIM! Alan A Dale: Uhhh, looks like you people are on your own without a storyteller here! Don't worry! I've hired a substitute in case of emergencies like this! Don't worry about us. We'll be fine if what good thing happens in the fairytale eventually happens to us in reality. I...(notices everyone flying across the room toward him because they threw the bowling balls that they're feet are attached to at his direction) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! *Cut to the outside of Friar Tuck's church. And it's looking just as gloomy here than it was back in the village. But where is this so called substitute storyteller/narrator that will be filling in for Alan while he's trapped in the jail? Oh, there he is...oh no! Not HIM!* King Louie: Hi there. You know who this is, don't you? This is King Louie. You remember me from The Jungle Book? (Waits for a response until the cameras nod up and down indicating the viewers/reviewers said yes) I thought you would. But let me ask you this. Did you know that Robin Hood and I were friends long, long ago? Honest, I knew Rob almost as well as I know you. I'd sing a song about but now's not the best time. Let's see what goes on inside this here church. (Before we do cut to inside the church, let me explain what this idiot is doing here! First of all, it is HIGHLY recommended for you to listen to a CD called ''Let's Hear It For Robin Hood'' by Louis Prima. Or if you don't have one, just search up all the songs from the CD on Youtube. Trust me, you'll get a kick out of it and then you'll know why he's playing as a substitute narrator in this fanfic. Plus, Louie sings a really funny silly song about poor Friar Tuck about to get hanged. Trust me, a silly song about a serious matter of death from being hanged. You'll love it!) *Cut to inside the church where Friar Tuck is ringing the bells while Church Mouse 1 (we changed his original name for a REASON) plays the organ.* Church Mouse 1: Hey, uh, Friar? I don't think anyone's coming here. Friar Tuck: Oh, what's the point in trying to fight against it? When you're right, you're right, strange talking mouse that has decided to live in my church for some strange reason. But you never know, maybe the sound of my church bell may give the poor people some comfort. I mean, we must do what we can to keep they're hopes alive. (Church Mouse 1 nods in agreement) Church Mouse 2: (sweeping up outside her mouse hole) But Friar, how can there even BE any hope with that big old meanie pants known as Prince John taxing the heart and soul out of the poor people. Church Mouse 1: I hear they arrested our wandering minstrel, too. Friar Tuck: (opens his empty poor box) Yes. Those poor people. And poor Alan A Dale. And if you look in here, you'll know that our poor box is like our church. (Sigh) Empty. Church Mouse 2: (gets an idea) Wait, Friar! Just stay where you are! I'll be right back! (Runs into her bedroom and pulls a coin from under her bed mattress then goes back over to Friar) Friar Tuck. We've been saving this farthing for quite some time. I know it may not be much. But, please take it for the poor? Friar Tuck: Your last farthing? You're really willing to part with it? (Church Mouse 2 nods in agreement) Aw, little girl mouse that has also decided to live with me in my church for some strange reason like the other mouse. No one can give more than that. (Drops the coin into the poor box) Bless you both. Church Mouse 1: Oh, thank you, Friar. But we didn't sneeze! (Ba dum TSSH!) Church Mouse 2: Father! Church Mouse 1: How am I your father if your so much older than I am? Besides, that was a joke to lighten the mood around here. Church Mouse 2: Well, I didn't think it was very funny. Church Mouse 1: Well, what I meant to say was that we've been saving that farthing for a rainy day. Friar Tuck: Well, little mouse. You'll be pleased to know that it is raining now. Church Mouse 2: Is it? (Quickly climbs up to the nearest window and look outside) Why, so it is! What a stroke of luck! Friar Tuck: Well, things can't get much worse. Sheriff: (enters the church uninvited) Howdy there, Friar! Friar Tuck: (does a double take in surprise) Huh? What? SHERIFF?! Sheriff: That's me. The one and only friendly neighbourhood tax collector here at your service. And it looks to me like I dropped by just in time. Church Mouse 1: What does that big bellied bully want here? Church Mouse 2: Father! Shh! Not so loud! Church Mouse 1: And why do you keep calling me your father? You're not my adopted daughter! Do you seriously not know how much younger I am than you? Church Mouse 2: Just keep your voice down! Sheriff: (looks inside the poor box and takes the coin) Hmm. Well, what have got here? Friar Tuck: Now, just wait one cotton picking minute there, Sheriff! Th-Th-THAT'S THE POOR BOX! Sheriff: Why, so it is, Captain Obvious. And I shall be taking this here gold farthing to ''poor'' Prince John! Heh. Every little bit helps. *Cut to a brief little commercial of various Tescos shops here in the UK with the slogan ''every little helps''.* Random Female Commercial Narrator: Tescos. Every little helps. Brought to you by the Sheriff of Nottingham. *Cut back to inside the church.* Church Mouse 2: D'OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH! You put that back right this instant! Sheriff: Sorry there, missy. But I don't get paid for doing what rats say. Church Mouse 2: Knowing Prince John, I doubt you ever get paid at all! Sheriff: (realises she's right) Oh yeah. Well even so, his majesty also blesses you, little sister. Church Mouse 2: Sister?! I'm much older than that! Respect your elders! Church Mouse 1: Well, now that you've finally admitted what you've been denying, does that mean you'll stop mistaking me for your father? Church Mouse 2: But you ARE my father, right? Friar Tuck: I don't have the time or the patience for whatever this is. (Gets enraged at the Sheriff) As for you, you THIEVING SCOUNDREL! Sheriff: Now, take it easy, Friar. I'm just doin' my duty. Friar Tuck: Duty? YOU CALL THAT DUTY! YOU'RE TAKING GOLD THAT DOESN'T BELONG TO PRINCE JOHN AND JUST TAKING IT BY FORCE! HOW IS THAT DUTY?! Sheriff: Now, you listen here, Friar. You're getting mighty preachy! And you are gonna preach that neck of yours right into a hangman's noose! Friar Tuck: (begins shouting) GET OUTTA MY CHURCH! (forces the Sheriff down the aisle and out the door) OUT! OUT! OUT! OUT! OUT! Church Mouse 2: (worried) Oh, dear me. *Cut to back outside in the rainy weather where Friar and Sheriff do battle!* Friar Tuck: (using a wooden pole to attack the Sheriff) YOU WANT TAXES?! I'LL GIVE YOU TAXES! PREPARE TO FEEL THE WRATH OF...this weird brown stick that I for some reason am using as a weapon instead of a sword. (Bonks the Sheriff on his head) Sheriff: OW! Church Mouse 1: Give it to him! Give it to him! Give it to him, Friar! *In a nearby tree, Trigger flies down and throws the hood over Friar's face blinding him.* Sheriff: (now holding a shackle) You're under arrest for high treason to the crown! (Places the shackle around Friar Tuck's neck...which could cause breathing difficulties) Church Mouse 2: Oh no! (Begins crying) Church Mouse 1: Oh, there, there, stranger. *Cut to a long distance away from the church where King Louie is going to sing a jolly song about Friar Tuck from the ''Let's Hear It For Robin Hood'' CD.* [King Louie] AAAAAAAAAAAAIN'T THAAAAAAAAAAAAAT THEEEEEEEEEEEEEE TRUUUUUUUUUUUUTH! Friar Tuck, Friar Tuck, He's runnin' outta luck! The Sheriff threw the book at him, And he forgot to duck. Robin Hood and Little John, And all the merry men, Have gotta try to save his neck, Before they do him in! They've got to save the Friar! It's the only thing to do! The Friar's in a pickle, Oh, the Friar's in a stew! We've got to save the Friar, Or it will be goodbye! Until we meet at the great, Sherwood Forest in the sky! Friar Tuck, Friar Tuck, He's runnin' outta luck! The Sheriff threw the book at him, And he forgot to duck. Robin Hood and Little John, And all the merry men, Have gotta try to save his neck, Before they do him in! Friar Tuck: (shouting from a long way away) OH, JUST SHUT UP ALREADY! King Louie: Oh! That's my cue to leave! Bye folks! You're on your for now! (Runs off) A/N: Oh no! Not Friar Tuck! The horror! The horror! Oh, I know nothing bad will happen to Friar Tuck, but I couldn't resist being a bit dramatic. See you all on Thursday and be sure to have a Happy Halloween tomorrow! R&R; everyone![Chapter 11] A/N: I know that the new story is starting a bit slow, but it'll pick up with the next chapter. So, I know that looks like there was some foreshadowing in House of Mayhem , but what was used in that story was Dusk-bloom Mist, which is made from the mushrooms, and they don't have any connection with the Flower of Eternal Rest, which Sunny and the others haven't head about just yet. Chapter 11: The Plan To Hang Friar Tuck! *Back at Prince John's castle as it continues to rain like in the last chapter...* Random Choir From Nowhere: (singing to the tune of the Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. jingle) PRINCE JOHN EVIL INCORPORATEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED! But since this is medieval times, it's not really incorporated because corporations haven't been invented yet so it's more like a guild or a tradesman ASSOCIATIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON! *Yes. Thank you. Enough of that. Anyway, inside the castle, Prince John is sitting on his throne and...ooh, something tells me he's NOT in a good mood today. Although, mind you, when Robin Hood's involved, he's NEVER in a good mood. But I don't why he's not in a good mood though. I mean, he taxed the heart and soul out of the people of Nottingham and locked up most of the people in jail. Even poor Alan A Dale. He's richer than ever before. So WHY isn't he happy? Ah, Hiss. Maybe whatever he's about to say might answer our questions? Also, he's gone back to wearing his red/orangey hat and shirt from his first scenes in this movie. Honestly Hiss, can you make up your mind on which you prefer wearing? I mean, it's obvious why Prince John switched to a BLUE robe for the remainder of this movie because Robin Hood stole his RED one (i actually prefer his blue robe more than his red one because blue's my favourite colour), but Hiss, MAKE UP YOUR MIND! DO YOU PREFER YOUR RED HAT AND SHIRT OR YOUR GREEN ONE?!* Sir Hiss: (tries to comfort Prince John) Ahem. I say, sire. If I may- may venture an opinion, if you don't mind my saying so, you're not your usual cheerful delightfully devilish genial self today. (Long pause as Prince John says nothing) Hmm. Ooh! I-I-I know. I know. You haven't counted all of your money that we've collected for days. Hmm? I know how much you love taxes. Counting them always made you so happy. You even had a signature laugh to go along with this hobby. Now, uh, how did it go? Oh yeah. (Tosses some coins up and down trying to perfectly imitate Prince John's funny laugh) Aha! AHA! Hmm? Did I sound just like you? (Prince John still says nothing) Ahem. Well, just so you know if you don't feel up to talking to me much this evening, I'll just briefly say that taxes are pouring in kinda like the weather we've been having today, the jail is all full up and...Oh! I've got some excellent news, sire! Friar Tuck is in jail. Prince John: (explodes with anger scaring Hiss) FRIAR TUCK?! YOU STUPID GREAT IDIOTIC BUMBLING NINNY! IT'S ROBIN HOOD I WANT, YOU IDIOT! I swear, though it would be against my better judgement, I'd give all my GOLD if I could just get my lion like HANDS on...(realises what Hiss had just said and immediately calms down) Wait a minute. Hiss? Sir Hiss: (gulp) Y-y-y-yes? S-s-sire? Prince John: Did you say Friar Tuck by any chance? Sir Hiss: Did I? Y-y-yes! I did. Prince John: (thinking for a few seconds) BY JOVE, HISS! I'VE GOT IT! I shall use that no good fatuous fat-headed fat man Friar Tuck as bait to trap Robin Hood. Sir Hiss: (concerned) Another trap? Prince John: Yes, you stupid serpent. Friar Tuck will be led to the gallows of the village square. Don't you see? Sir Hiss: (horrified) B-b-b-but sire! Hang Friar Tuck? A man of a church? Prince John: Yes, my reluctant reptile. Sir Hiss: Couldn't you think of something a little less...too far? I mean, since everyone's locked up in jail and you have your taxes back, why not build a giant wall in front of your castle so that no one can disturb you? You won't even have to deal with Robin Hood then. Prince John: And where are we gonna get bricks, cement and other building materials to build a wall like that? What do I look like? A president from the further whose racist to Mexicans? (I know, I know. Offensive, unnecessary and uncalled for. Don't blame me. Everyone makes Donald Trump jokes making fun of him. Have you seen the internet? Those sorts of memes are just as bad as adult oriented cartoon fanbases like bronies and furries! Still, please don't hate me! It's only a joke! I swear! Dede42: Don't worry about it, I've heard worst things said about President Trump, and it only gets me angry when his kid are targeted by the bullies.) Prince John: Besides, where's the fun in NOT getting revenge on Robin Hood? Nope. I'm sorry, Hiss. But I'm going with the hanging Friar Tuck plan. And when our elusive hero tries to rescue the corpulent cleric, (laughs evily), my men will be ready. Sir Hiss: What men? You mean the rhinos? But they're terrible at they're jobs. Especially Derek. Prince John: (Yawns) Sorry Hiss. As much as I'd LOVE to hear you lecture on and on like your normally do, I'm gonna put on my PJs and head on straight to bed for an early night. Come to bed when you're ready, Hiss. (Walks off to his bedroom) Sir Hiss: What PJs? You sleep in your underwear! I...oh, why do I bother trying to reason with him? I still think MY idea about building a wall in front of our castle was a good idea. (Again. Just a harmless joke. If anyone's taken offence to it, it was unintentional. Blame internet memes that keep popping up all over Youtube whenever you're trying to watch something else for giving me the idea. No hating me for something I made Prince John and Sir Hiss say as a joke. Pretty please? Dede42: Once again, I'm finding it funny and not offensive.) *As PJ heads on up to beddie bye in his PJs (his underwear that we saw in the fortune teller scene), somewhere in the courtyard, Nutsy and Trigger (who haven't appeared in this movie for a LONG time since the Archery Tournament scenes) are helping the Sheriff setting up the gallow/scaffold thingy that they were going to use to hang Friar Tuck.* Sheriff: Phew! Well Trigger, everything is now rigged up and all set! Trigger: Yep. And I have to say, it's one of the prettiest scaffolds you ever built, Sheriff. Don't you agree, Nutsy? Nutsy? Where are you going? Nutsy: Hey Sheriff, don't ya reckon' we oughta give that there trap door you're standin' on a test? (Pulls the lever) Sheriff: NO NUTSY! WAIT! (Screams as he falls down the hole and then gets stuck) Ow! (Tries to get himself unstuck but fails miserably) Ooh, help! And criminently. I'm stuck. Trigger: Oh dear. Oh gracious. (Tries to pull Sheriff out of the trap door) Well, it all comes from putting on weight by eating too much. Sheriff: It all comes from not having trap doors big enough. (Hmm. Now which other Disney film have I heard those lines of dialogue before? Dede42: I'm drawing a blank, too.) Sheriff: (finally manages to free himself) Ah. That's better. Ya know, Nutsy, I'm beginnin' to see why yo mama called ya Nutsy in the first place. Robin Hood: (shows up in his blind beggar outfit from when he visited Skippy's house) Alms, alms, alms for the poor. I say, do me old ears hear the melodious voice of the Sheriff? Trigger: Melodious? Yeah, I don't think so. Sheriff: Heh. That's right, ol' man. Robin Hood: (tapping his old man cane on the scaffold) What be going on here I'd like to know? Sheriff: Well, I don't really know if I'm supposed to tell any passer bys this, but if ya really must know if you that curious, we're plannin' on hangin' Friar Tuck. Robin Hood: (lifts his sunglasses almost revealing he's not really an old man) NO! HANG FRIAR...(Clears his throat while quickly puts his sunglasses down so as not to give the game away) Hang Friar Tuck? Nutsy: That's right. Tomorrow at the crack of dawn. And hey! Ya never know, if we're lucky, it may even turn into a double hangin'...(Trigger clamps his beak shut) Trigger: Shut up before I stab you! Robin Hood: ''A double hanging'' you say? Hmm. How suspicious. So, who'll be the other unlucky one who gets the rope? Trigger: Sheriff, I don't know about you and Nutsy, but I think this critter is beginnin' to get a little too all-fired nosy here! Robin Hood: Oh, please point that pea-shooter the other way? I didn't mean nothing. I swear. I'm only curious. I mean, a man of a church is getting hung. And who else wouldn't be sensitive about that kind of stuff? Speaking of curiosity, don't you think there could be trouble if Robin Hood showed up? Nutsy: Ha! Well, what do ya know, Sheriff? He guessed it! Ha, ha, ha! Trigger: Nutsy! Button your beak! Robin Hood: Ah. No need to worry though. I mean, after all, the Sheriff be too crafty, too clever and too smart for the likes of him, says I. (Smirks, knowing that would feed the Sheriff's ego like it would to Rainbow Dash) Sheriff: (chuckles) Ya hear that, Nutsy? For an old blind man, he sure knows a good man when he sees one, says I. Trigger: (unaware that Robin Hood is walking away) Uh, Sheriff? I still got a nasty feelin' that the old codger knows a little way too much. Sheriff: Oh, hush your mouth, Trigger. He's just a harmless blind beggar. Learn to respect the elderly, why don't ya? That's what a little rat in a dress told me. *Poor Little John, Maid Marian and Lady Kluck. (Yep. They're involved in this because they were never seen again until the end of the original film) They've been standing outside the castle listening in on the whole thing. And they don't like what they've heard. No. Not one bit. Robin Hood: (still pretending to be an old man) Alms, alms, alms for the poor. Alms, alms, alms for the poor. Little John: Rob, over here! Quickly! We can't let them hang Friar Tuck? Maid Marian: Yeah. Taxing the heart and soul out of everyone and locking them up in jail is one thing. But this? Lady Kluck: I say it's going TOO far. Robin Hood: (takes off the old man disguise, this time remembering to keep his green shirt on underneath unlike his little blooper in Chapter 3) Keep quiet, you three. Now, listen up. I think a jailbreak tonight is the only thing the Friar's got. Lady Kluck: We're gonna do what?! Little John: A jailbreak! There ain't no way you can... Maid Marian: Little John. Do you WANT all of our friends to rot and die in they're jail cells? Little John: Well...no. But... Lady Kluck: And do you WANT poor innocent Friar Tuck to be hanged just for doing the right thing? Little John: No. I don't want that either. But... Robin, Marian and Klucky: But what? Little John: (desperately trying to come up with an excuse) Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... Robin Hood: Mmm-hmm. That's what I thought. Look, I don't care how risky it is, Johnny. We HAVE to do it or Friar Tuck dies at dawn. King Louie: (appears seemingly out of nowhere startling the four) Boy, I've never seen Rob so worried as he was when he found out that the ''king'' had arrested Friar Tuck and was going to have him executed. Little John: Who are you? King Louie: King Louie. King of the apes. Childhood friend of Robin Hood many years ago before he became besties with you and Marian. Robin Hood: (Facepalms) Oh no. Not YOU! King Louie: Anyway, to continue on my narration as I continue to fill in for Alan A Dale, if Rob doesn't get Friar out of jail in time, we would never see Friar Tuck again. Lady Kluck: Uh, yeah. You think that we don't know that already? King Louie: (completely ignoring her) And if we good guys don't do somethin' soon to stop the bad guys from doin' away with the good guys, there won't be anyone left around here but just the bad guys. Maid Marian: Who are you even talking to? [King Louie] AAAAAAAAAAAAIN'T THAAAAAAAAAAAAAT THEEEEEEEEEEEEEE TRUUUUUUUUUUUUTH! Robin Hood: Oh no! Not a song! Anything but that! Not at a time like this! [King Louie] Friar Tuck, Friar Tuck, He's runnin' outta luck! Robin Hood: Please stop? [King Louie] The Sheriff threw the book at him, And he forgot to duck. Little John: We know. [King Louie] Robin Hood and Little John, And all the merry men, Maid Marian: You mean us? [King Louie] Are gonna try to save his neck, Before they do him in! We can't let the Friar down, Lady Kluck: Aren't you doing that already? [King Louie] Life is a ball when he's around. He loves to sneeze and he loves to cough. Robin Hood: Wait, what? [King Louie] But he can't do either with his head chopped off! Maid Marian: Why do you sound so happy about it? [King Louie] Friar Tuck, Friar Tuck, He's runnin' outta luck! The Sheriff threw the book at him, And he forgot to duck... Robin Hood: (hits Louie on the head knocking him down onto the ground) That's enough out of you! King Louie: Ow. Robin Hood: (huffs and turns to his friends) Ok, we're going to rescue everyone from that jail and rob Prince John blind. That's what we're going to do. Any questions? Good, let's go. (They run off and leaves King Louie on the ground with stars dancing around his head. King Louie: Ooh, pretty stars… A/N: And that's all I got, too. See you all on Tuesday! R&R; everyone![Chapter 12] A/N: I figured you were taking a time out to get over that cold, Roleplayer48, and I'm glad to hear that you're doing better. My own toe is still mending since what was done to fix the problem can take from two weeks to two months to fully heal, and so it'll be while yet before I can walk around without limping. Any hoo, time to start Operation: Jailbreak! Chapter 12: Jailbreak! (Part 1) Random Choir From Nowhere: (singing to the tune of the Doofenshmirtz Evil Inc. jingle) PRINCE JOHN EVIL INCORPORATEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED! After hours! *Yep. Late at night here at Prince John's castle as the guards (wolf archers and rhinos) go out on patrol. The night where Robin, Marian, Klucky and Little John rescue Friar Tuck and everyone from the jail. It's not going to be an easy task. I can tell you. Here they are near the ladder over the castle walls about to sneak in.* Maid Marian: (whispering) Psst, are you sure this is going to work, Robin? Robin Hood: (also whispering) I can assure you, it will, Marian. It's very simple. You and Little John will go to the jail and free the prisoners along with Friar Tuck, because that's an easier job for you in this mission, while me and Lady Kluck get the gold and transport it to Little John and the villagers inside the jail as they make they're getaway quietly. Okay? Maid Marian: (nods) Got it. Lady Kluck: Heh. Easier said than done. Robin Hood: Okay. I'll go first and see what's up. (climbs up the ladder and sees the scaffold that Friar Tuck is going to be hung on. Then he notices the Rhino Guards guarding the doors to Prince John's tower) Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: Psst, Derek. Are we really going through with this? How long do all of us have to stand outside this door? Derek (the Rhino Guard): All night if we have to. Other Rhinos That Don't Have Names: WHAT?! Derek (the Rhino Guard): Well, we can't just head off to bed like we normally do around this time of day. What if Robin Hood comes and frees everyone and robs Prince John while we sleep? Ooh, he won't like that one bit. Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: I don't even know why we even bother working with Prince John since his plans keeps going wrong all the time. Yet ANOTHER Rhino Guard With No Name: Y'know, I kinda wish King Richard came back. Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: Yeah. Things were a lot better for us guards then. Why can't we just set everyone free and call this whole thing off? Derek (the Rhino Guard): And have US end up with the same fate that awaits Friar Tuck at dawn? No way! Robin Hood: Wow. Those rhinos are so terrible at they're jobs, it's incredible they weren't fired years ago. (Notices the Sheriff sleeping outside the jail door while Nutsy and Trigger wander back and forth on patrol) Right. Come on, everyone. Just follow my lead. *The four move in one at a time very quietly. Except Little John almost gives them away when some of the gravel fell after he was the last one up the ladder.* Little John: Uh oh. Um, ya think anyone heard that? Wolf Archer 1: Hey! Did you hear something? Robin Hood: Oh yeah. They heard it. Come on! Wolf Archer 2: I didn't hear nothing. Wolf Archer 1: Are you sure? Because I definitely thought I heard something. Wolf Archer 2: You sure it's not just your imagination? Whatever you heard was probably the wind. Wolf Archer 1: Huh. Well, if you say so. *Our four heroes get to ground of the castle and continue sneaking.* Robin Hood: Uh oh. Trigger's coming! Quick! Hide! (All press themselves against the wall) Trigger: (annoyed groan) I can't believe I have to stay up all night guardin' this stinkin' place with Nutsy of all people. Why did I even agree to this in the first place? In fact, I have the strangest feeling that I'm being watched. (Looks behind him but finds no one there) Huh. (Shrugs) Oh well. Must be my imagination or something. Back to work. (Continues walking) Maid Marian: So, uh...what now? Little John: Yeah, Rob. What's the plan for right now? Robin Hood: We need to get our hands on the prison keys from the Sheriff. (Looks to Nutsy and smiles) And I think I how we can. Follow me. *Little John, Maid Marian and Lady Kluck quietly follow Robin to another wall near the jail where Nutsy is approaching. Little John is just about to grab him by the beak but...* Nutsy: (shouting) OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONE O'CLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCK AND AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALL'S WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELL! *Yep. Nutsy is mentally stupid. He clearly doesn't know the time is 3 o'clock. How do I know what time it is? Just listen to the clock. It's chiming three times so of course it's 3 o'clock. I almost feel sorry for poor Trigger having to put up with Nutsy's shenanigans.* Sheriff: (wakes up with a snort) Hey Nutsy. I think you'd had better set your brain ahead a couple of hours. Nutsy: Yes sir. I'll get on that right away. Uhhh...does that there mean addin' or subtractin'? I never was good with maths at school. Sheriff: You know what? Just forget what I just said and get back to work already. Nutsy: Yes, sir, Sheriff, sir. (Goes back to his patrol) Sheriff: Oh yeah. One more thing, Nutsy. How am I supposed to be gettin' any sleep tonight with you yellin' ''ALL's WELL!'' at the top of your lungs here? Trigger: Sheriff, everything ain't ''all's well'' for me. I've got a feelin' in my bones that there could be a jailbreak happenin' around here any minute. Sheriff: (notices Trigger's crossbow pointing at his face) GAH! Oh, criminently, Trigger! Would ya please point that peashooter the other way? You're gonna poke somebody's eye out with that thing if you ain't careful. Trigger: Aw, relax, Sheriff. There's no need to worry about a thing. Ya wanna know why? Sheriff: Why? Trigger: Because the safety's on Ol' Betsy. (Accidentally fires his crossbow by patting it causing the arrow to fly about all over the place) AAAAH! Uh oh! WATCH OUT! Sheriff: WHOA! (manages to dodge the arrow as best as he can) What in tarnation' are ya tryin' to do, you birdbrain? (Smashes Trigger on the head) Trigger: Ow. Aw, I get blamed for everything. I'm only doin' my duty, Sheriff. Sheriff: Oh, you and that itchy Trigger finger of yours. *Nutsy goes back to where he was before getting ready to correct his mistake he made a few minutes ago.* Nutsy: Right. I'll try again. Ahem. (Feels someone tapping on his head) Huh? What's that? Lady Kluck: (Grabs Nutsy by the beak as Little John attempted to do) GOTCHA! (Pulls him back behind the wall) Nutsy: (muffled) WAIT! WHERE ARE YOU TAKING ME? HELP! *Cut back to the Sheriff and Trigger.* Trigger: Hey! Wait a minute! Sheriff: What? Trigger: I thought I heard something! Did ya hear that, Sheriff? Sheriff: Sure did, Trigger. What do you think made that sound? Trigger: Either someone attempting a jailbreak or a lil' ol' cricket bug with squeaky shoes. Sheriff: Well, I don't know about a cricket but with shoes. But one thing's for sure, there's something funny goin' on around here. Trigger: Wait. Didn't you already say that when you were at the Archery Tournament a few days ago? (Recycled animation from earlier in the film once again. Even Pinkie Pie lampshades the fact that the Sheriff said that line twice in one movie in one of my My Little Pony Season 1 Deleted Scenes. Dede42: That happen quite a bit due to financial issues while constructing Disney World back during that time period.) Sheriff: It's my favourite catchphrase, Trigger. Now come on. Whoever's snooping around here is gonna get it and get it good. You cover me. (Creeps to the direction of where they heard the noise until he stops suddenly) Wait a minute. Uh, is the safety on Ol' Betsy? Trigger: (pats his crossbow again) You bet it is, Sheriff. As it's always been. Sheriff: (not taking any chances of having an arrow in his butt) Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of. You go first. Trigger: Oh. Alright then. Heh. I guess this means I get the tender part. Sheriff: Oh, hush your mouth. Just get goin'. (Trigger walks in front of him as he takes out his sword) ALRIGHT, WHOEVER'S IN THERE! COME ON OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP! Trigger: Yeah, reach for da sky! I've got a crossbow here and I'm not afraid to use it! *Cut to in the darkness as Robin Hood puts on a disguise to look like Nutsy.* Robin Hood: Just you watch this performance, you three. (Puts a sock on his nose) Maid Marian: Be careful, Robin. Robin Hood: Aw, relax, Marian. (Walks out of the hiding place and changes his voice to sounds like Nutsy's) Jehoshaphat, Trigger. Put that peashooter down. You're gonna poke somebody's eye out with that thing if you're not careful. Sheriff: (lowers his sword) Aw, shucks, Trigger. It's only Nutsy. Who else would it be? And criminently, Trigger! Quit foolin' around and get back to your patrol! On the double! Get! Trigger: Okay! Okay! I'm a gettin'! I'm a gettin'! Sheriff: (sighs as Robin Hood follows him back to his post) That Trigger. He's just gettin' everybody edgy tonight. Nothin's gonna happen. Well, that's what I'm sure of anyway. That fat Friar's gonna be dangling from the gallows come daybreak. (Robin turns to the others who are still hiding and winks at them) Welp, time for beddy bye. (Yawns as Robin helps him into his chair) Robin Hood: Sheriff, why don'tcha sit yourself down here kind of cozy-like as I tell you a nice bedtime story? Sheriff: (shuts his eyes and begins to go to sleep) Thank you, Nutsy. Robin Hood: It's called the...uhh...the Ugly Barnacle. (Sheriff has already fallen asleep snoring) Once there was an ugly barnacle. (Takes the keys from the Sheriff and begins to unlock the jail door) He was so ugly that...uh...everyone died. The end. (Jumps as the keys make a noise as he turns them) YIPE! (Gulp) Is he still asleep? (Sheriff is still snoring) Yep. He is. Phew. Thank goodness. (Gives the signal to Little John and Maid Marian) Little John: Ah. That's our cue. Come on, Marian. Maid Marian: Oh. Right. Uh, wait for me. Little John: Oh. Sorry. Um, ladies first? Maid Marian: Heh. Now, you're talking. *The two head up and walk through the open door, grabbing the keys from Robin while doing so. But they close the door TOO LOUD!* Maid Marian: Uh oh. Trigger: WAIT A MINUTE! (Accidentally fires his crossbow all over the place again which wakes up the Sheriff) JAILBREAK! JAILBREAK! Sheriff: AAH! (manages to dodge the arrow as best as he can again) NOT AGAIN! (Makes a run for it) Trigger: I HEARD IT! I HEARD IT, SHERIFF! THE DOOR! THE DOOR! Robin Hood: Oh no ya don't! (Trips Trigger up with the staff) Trigger: Whoa! Oof! (Slides up to an angry looking Sheriff) Uhhh...hi? Sheriff: (annoyed) Now, for the last time, Trigger, NO MORE FALSE ALARMS! (Kicking Trigger making him yelp) Trigger: D'OUCH! Robin Hood: Right. Now, Johnny, you and Maid Marian release Friar Tuck and the others while Klucky and I handle the dangerous stuff as we drop in on the royal treasury. Maid Marian: Right. Come on, Little John. (They both head on up the stairs) Robin Hood: Right. Ready, Klucky? Lady Kluck: Danger's my middle name. Robin Hood: Right. Come on. (They both head off to Prince John's tower) A/N: And that's a wrap for this chapter. See you all on Tuesday! Bye! R&R; everyone![Chapter 13] A/N: Hopefully this is the last time we have to update this particular chapter. Chapter 13: Jailbreak! (Part 2) *When we last left our four heroes, they had successfully managed to sneak the keys out of the Sheriff's belt while he was sleeping. Now, they've split up to continue the mission. Little John and Maid Marian are making they're way up the stairs of the jail to free everyone inside.* Maid Marian: (notices a cell that they had almost passed) Psst, Little John. Over here. Little John: Hmm? What is it, Marian? Maid Marian: Look at this sign. Little John: Hmm. ''Sentenced to Death for Treason''? I bet that's where poor Friar Tuck is being held captive. Maid Marian: (quietly panicking) Well, don't just stand there! Open the door and let's free him! Little John: On it. (Unlocks the door to find Friar Tuck chained to the wall sitting down on the ground sadly) Friar Tuck: Huh? (Looks up thinking his time of death had come) Oh! Little John! Maid Marian! It can't be! Is it really you two? Maid Marian: Shh! Keep quiet or you'll give us away, Friar. Yes. It's really us. Little John: Yep. And we're bustin' outta here. Now, let me see if I can unlock this. (Unlocks Friar's shackles) Ah. There we go. Friar Tuck: (sighs in relief) Thank God. My prayers have been answered. Ooh, ow. (Rubs his hands) I think I've had those shackles on for too long. My hands hurt. (What about your neck though, Friar? I mean, seriously, a neck shackle?! That could've beheaded you instantly, let alone choke you to death!) *After freeing Friar from his cell, the three of them continue they're way up the stairs until they find and enter the prison where everyone was sleeping, hoping they'd soon be free.* Little John: Right. We'll free everyone one at a time. Got your keys to unlock they're shackles and chains? Maid Marian and Friar Tuck: Yep. Little John: Right. I'll start freeing Alan. Good luck. Friar Tuck: I should probably help Otto. Maid Marian: (notices Skippy and the other kids she and Lady Kluck met earlier in this film/fanfic) Oh no! Not the kids too! I'd better save them right away! (She hurries to the kids to free them of the chains.) Skippy! Skippy: Maiden Marian! Boy, am I glad to see you! Where's Robin Hood? Maid Marian: (unlocks the chains and helps the kids remove them) He's busy with robbing Prince John and Lady Kluck is helping him. (She also removes the chains from Skippy's mother.) Mother Rabbit: Oh, thank you for helping us, Maid Marian. Maid Marian: You're completely welcome. Little John: (goes over to Alan A Dale and unlocks his shackles/chain) Wakey Wakey, Alan! We're here to rescue you...oh hey! (Notices bruises everywhere on Alan) Whoa. What happened to you? Alan A Dale: Don't ask. (If you want a quick reminder on why Alan is all bruised up, you'd better quickly go over Chapter 10 again.) (Alan glances out the window and notices Robin and Klucky out the window after everyone's been freed from they're shackles and chains.) Alan A Dale: Hey guys! Look out the window! Skippy: Why should we listen to you now? Haven't you let us down already? (Again, quickly check over Chapter 10 to find out what Alan did to let everyone down if anyone needs a reminder.) Alan A Dale: No! Really! Look! It's Robin Hood and Lady Kluck! *And indeed it is. Here they are. Robin Hood and Lady Kluck are climbing up the wall to the false King's bed chambers, hoping to get the gold and get themselves and everyone else out of there before it was too late. *Robin Hood and Lady Kluck enters the bedroom where they find Prince John sleeping in his bed dreaming about his favorite foods along with Sir Hiss in a long baby cradle.* Robin Hood: (whispering) There it is, Klucky. The mother lode. Lady Kluck: (whispering as well) Wow. That's an awful lot of gold he has there. Hey, are you ready with that rope? Robin Hood: (nods) Mmm-hmm. Prince John: (mumbling a song about food in his sleep) Food, glorious food! Hot sausage and mustard! While we're in the mood, cold jelly and custard! (Continues mumbling the rest of the lyrics to the song) Lady Kluck: (tries to stop herself from laughing) I kinda feel sorry for poor Hiss there. Robin Hood: (also keeps himself from laughing too loud) Heh. That's nothing. You should hear Little John when he sleeps. He sings in his sleep! (Heads to the window/balcony and ties a rope to one of his arrows) Right. Here goes nothing. *Robin shoots the arrow with the rope attached to it across to the jail window on the other side of the balcony where Little John catches it.* Little John: Ha. Thanks, Robby. (Loops the arrow through one of the torch holders in the room) Right. Gotta aim just right since I don't often do archery as well as Rob does. (Fires the arrow with the rope back across the yard to Prince John's bedroom/tower) Perfect. *Unfortunately, the arrow that Little John fired back across to the bedroom that lands on the wall above the wall briefly wake Prince John up! Luckily, Robin and Klucky hide behind the curtains before he notices them.* Prince John: (waking up) HUH?! WHAT?! (Falling back to sleep again) Oh, it was probably nothing. (Drops off dreaming about food again) Now, for some delicious chocolate cake. Sir Hiss: (also briefly waking up scowling at the Prince) Oh, how's a snake supposed to get any sleep around here with all this talk of food? Especially since I go through this literally every night! (Sigh) Okay, calm down, Hiss. If you wake the prince he'll be so mad at you. (Yawns as Robin Hood begins rocking his bed back and forth using his feet) Just quietly and calmly go back to sleep. (Drops off to sleep snoring like a snake would) Lady Kluck: (peers from the curtains) Are they both asleep now, Robin? Robin Hood: (whispers yet again) Yep. Now, come on. Let's get to work on getting this gold out of here. Lady Kluck: On it. *Together, Robin and Klucky gather the up the bags of gold and tie them to the rope as it gets pulled across the yard and to the prison.* *Meanwhile inside the jail as everyone helps themselves to they're own gold...* Friar Tuck: (laughing a little too loud) Hee hee hee! PRAISE the Lord and pass the tax rebate! Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! (Hands two elderly owls a bag each) Maid Marian: Shh! Not so loud, Friar! You'll give us away again! Friar Tuck: Oops. Sorry. Little John: (Whispers while holding a few sacks of gold) Right, everyone. Have you all got your bags of gold? Everyone Else In The Jail: Yep. Little John: Right then. Come on. Follow me. (Leads Friar Tuck, Otto and the others down the stairs quietly so as not to alert the guards) *Outside the jail, the Sheriff is still asleep snoring.* Little John: (peeks out as he opens the prison door) Hmm. Coast is clear here. And bushel britches is still sleepin' like a baby. I think we're safe to go...(notices one of the sacks of gold on the rope/clothesline has a hole in it causing some gold to fall out)...uh oh. Sheriff: (wakes up as some coins hit him on the head) Huh? What? Oh, it's just raining gold. (Closes his eyes) I knew I should've hung an umbrella out here to keep me dry in case it rai...RAINING GOLD?! GUARDS! TRIGGER! WHERE ARE...(Little John grabs him and pulls him into the jail) WHOA! TRIGGER! HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELP! Trigger: (hears the noise) I KNEW IT! A JAILBREAK! I WAS RIGHT ALL ALONG! (Runs back to the front of the prison where he left the Sheriff only to find Little John in his clothing pretending to sleep on the chair) Now Sheriff, don't get your dander up, but I still got a feelin' that… (Little John reveals himself) WHAT THE?! (Little John grabs him by the neck) Little John: Well, I bet you weren't expecting this now, were ya? (Signals Friar Tuck and the other prisoners to go while they still can) Friar, get goin'! Hurry! Friar Tuck: Right. Come on, gang. This way. (Leads the prisoners as they all begin to head out until they stop and see a couple of wolf archers on patrol) Wolf Archer 1: I keep telling ya, buddy. I swear I DID hear some voices and a lot of shouting earlier. Why won't you believe me? Wolf Archer 2: Are you new around here? Maybe you're not used to being out all night or something. That's probably why you keep hearing things. What do you lads think? (The other wolf archers nod in agreement) I think maybe you'd better head on to bed and get some sleep. Maybe then you'll be fine. (They all begin heading off to the castle) Friar Tuck: Good. They've gone. Come on, guys. *The villagers follow Friar Tuck as the clock begins to chyme four times indicating that it was 4 o'clock.* *Back inside Prince John's bedroom, the sound of the clock gets Robin and Klucky's attention.* Robin Hood: (quietly gasps) It's almost dawn! We need to hurry! Lady Kluck, do you have the last bag ready to tie to this thing? Lady Kluck: (hands Robin the final bag) Here it is, Robin. The last...(feels an urge to sneeze) uh oh. Robin Hood: (ties the bag onto the rope) What? Lady Kluck: I...I think I'm going...to...to...SNEEZE! Robin Hood: Oh no! Lady Kluck: ATCHOO! Robin Hood: Gesundheit. Sir Hiss: (waking up yet again due to the sneeze) What is going on here? (Notices Robin and Lady Kluck rush out the bedroom to the clothesline with the rest of the gold) What? Robin Hood? Lady Kluck? (Finds the room almost empty) THE GOLD! Robin Hood: Right then, Klucky. You first. Lady Kluck: Thank you kindly. (Jumps onto the clothesline with Robin not far behind him beginning to climb across to the jail) Sir Hiss: Oh no you don't! (Grabs a sack of gold while holding on tight to Prince John's bed) Got it! (Realises thanks to him, they were now being pulled out the window) Uh oh. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea. Prince John: (wakes with a start noticing the bed moving toward the balcony and Hiss tied to the end of his leg grabbing onto a sack of gold) AAAAAAAH! WHAT THE?! HISS, WHAT'S HAPPENING?! (Bed crashes a bit on the balcony and a nearby lit torch falls to the floor, lights the carpet on fire, and the flames quickly spread throughout the bedroom) WHOA! WHOO-HOO-HOO-HOO! (Falls out of the bed and hangs on the balcony edge for dear life) What's going on right now? This can't possibly be happening to me! I must be having a bad dream! Yeah, that's it! This is all but a nightmare! (he sees through the window and spots the flames) Yes, yes, this is definitely a nightmare! Sir Hiss: (still grabbing hold of the now broken sack of gold) No, sire. This is very much real. Prince John: HOW ARE YOU SO CALM ABOUT IT ALL, HISS?! WE'RE HANGING ON FOR DEAR LIFE ABOUT TO PLUMMET TO OUR DOOMS HERE! *Meanwhile the remaining prisoners still in the prison area are pulling as hard to on the rope to get the gold.* Alan A Dale: (pulling hard on the rope) HEAVE! HEAVE! Toby: (Just standing there doing nothing) Heave! Heave! Um, they ARE heaving, Alan. Skippy: (also pulling hard on the rope) Well, you heave as well, you idiot! Toby: Hmm? Oh yeah. Sorry. (Begins helping them pull on the rope) HEAVE! HEAVE! Prince John: (still hanging on for dear life on the other side) GUARDS! GUARDS! MY GOLD! Sir Hiss: (sarcastically) Oh sure. Care about the gold but not your life, pal. Robin Hood: (dodges the arrows from the wolf archers while struggling to continue climbing across the clothesline with Lady Kluck) Oh, this isn't good. Lady Kluck: (also dodging the arrows as best as she can) No! It's WORSE than good! Robin Hood: Why, Hiss? Why did you have to constantly keep waking up and then blow our cover like this and put ALL our lives in danger? Sir Hiss: I was having difficulty sleeping. Plus, I could HEAR you and that chicken whispering to each other the whole time! Don't think that DIDN'T wake me up! Lady Kluck: Don't bother arguing with him, dear! COME ON! Robin Hood: Oh! Right! (Follows Klucky across the clothesline safely) Prince John: Aw, geez! I don't know how much longer I can hold on to this ledge! (Loses his grip on the balcony edge) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! (Flies into the wall, crashing into it) OW! My butt! (Falls down to the ground) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-OOF! Huh. That wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. I thought for sure I was gonna di...(notices the last of the prisoners running out with the gold) Oh no, no, no! They're getting away with my gold! (Runs over and closes the door as Tagalong and Sis run out in time) GUARDS! GUARDS! TO THE JAIL! Derek (the Rhino Guard): (wakes up with a start) Huh? What? (Notices everyone escaping) Oh! Right! Uh, wake up you lot! (The other rhinos wake up) Axes ready? Other Rhinos That Don't Have Names: READY! Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: Wait. Why should we take orders from you again, Derek? Nobody even likes you. Derek (the Rhino Guard): Oh, come on, man. Don't start this conversation again. We've already been through this. Prince John: GUARDS! Derek (the Rhino Guard): See? He gave that order, not me! NOW CHARGE! *The Rhino Guards begin charging toward the prison unaware that Prince John is STANDING RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM!* Prince John: (notices the rhinos coming his way) Wait a minute! RHINOS! HALT! STOP! DESIST! Derek (the Rhino Guard): Uh oh. WATCH OUT! *The Rhino Guards do their best to stop, but they end up crashing into the jail door taking poor screaming Prince John with them.* Prince John: AAAAAAAAAAH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Watch out for the wall, men! (Too late! They crash into the other wall) Okay, that's coming out of Derek's pay! Derek (the Rhino Guard): What do you mean? You HARDLY pay us at all! Robin Hood: (now safely on the ground with the others running away) EVERYBODY THIS WAY! Lady Kluck: MOVE IT PEOPLE, MOVE IT! Maid Marian: They're running as fast as they possibly can, you two. Otto: Yeah! And I still have a busted leg here! (It was never explained how or why Otto's leg was busted in the first place when he was first introduced to this movie. Dede42: I suspect that the Sheriff may have had something to do with it when Otto refused to pay his taxes, and I wouldn't put it passed the Sheriff to do something like that.) Sis: (trying her hardest to dodge the flying arrows) Oh no. One's heading my way! (Jumps over said arrow flying her way) WHOOPS! That one nearly got me! Wolf Archer 1: See, guys? I was right all along! I told you I kept hearing voices! Wolf Archer 2: Alright, alright. No one likes a know it all. Skippy: Not so fast, you three wolfies coming our way! (Fires his arrow at the three charging wolf archers) All Three Wolf Archers: OH NO! (Skippy's arrow sends them flying backwards until they get pinned to a wall) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-OOF! Wolf Archer 2: (sarcastically) Well, THIS is lovely. Wolf Archer 1: Come on, guys. Stop hanging around! They're getting away! Wolf Archer 2: Really, dude? Hanging around? Really? (That wolf archer's joke was so unfunny, there wasn't even a rimshot this time.) Robin Hood: Nice shot, Skippy. Skippy: Thanks, Mr. Robin Hood, sir. I've been getting better since you gave me this bow and arrow for my birthday. Robin Hood: I can tell. Come on. (They all continue running) Little John: ALAN! LOOK BEHIND YOU! Alan A Dale: What? (Sees arrows heading his way) AGH! (Blocks them off with his guitar) Aw, man. That's the only guitar I got. Maid Marian: (helping the two elderly owls run quicker) Come on, you two. I know you're elderly, but you got to go a little faster than this. Elderly Owl 1: DON'T RUSH ME LADY! Maid Marian: Wow. Rude much? Captain Crocodile: (waiting by a nearby wall with an axe in his hand) Aha! I chop you! Friar Tuck: (manages to get Maid Marian and the owls into a wheelbarrow he is steering and drives them out the way just in time) I think not. Captain Crocodile: (misses them) D'OH! I missed! (Hey! That's Wario's line!) Maid Marian: Phew! Thanks, Friar. (Before I continue, has anyone else besides me noticed that Captain Crocodile is wearing a purple cape instead of his red one from earlier? Was it ruined when he got ran over by the runaway tent back at the Archery Tournament fight? Dede42: I say that you're right about the color change of his cloak.) Derek (the Rhino Guard): (charging with the other rhinos toward Robin and Little John by a cart of wine barrels) THERE THEY ARE! ATTACK! ATTACK! Robin Hood: HURRY, JOHNNY! DUMP THAT CART AT THEM ALREADY! Derek (the Rhino Guard): (sees Little John lifting up the cart sending the wine barrels rolling they're way) YIKES! RETREAT! RETREAT! Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: Wait...wha-(all get knocked down by the barrels like bowling pins) D'OW! *While those rascally rhinos are knocked out for a few seconds, everyone gets on the cart while they still can. The little ones like the small raccoons in the white stripey jail clothes though need help getting on the cart from Friar Tuck.* Robin Hood: (brings Friar the last raccoon) Right, Friar. That's all of them. Get going! Maid Marian: Uh, Robin? Why don't you ride in the cart with all of us? Lady Kluck: Are you sure we're not all squashed up in here already? Skippy: I can't breathe. Otto: OW! I think someone's sitting on my broken leg! Robin Hood: No, Marian. I'll be fine. Running keeps me fit anyway. Now, let's get a move on already! (Goes over to pull the lever which lowers the drawbridge) Little John: This ain't no hayride. Let's move it outta here! (Begins pulling the cart with everyone on it to Sherwood Forest) HOOOOO! Lady Kluck: (cheering on the cart) COWABUNGA! Maid Marian: (also cheering on the cart) WE'RE HOME FREE! Sis: Um...are you sure everyone's here? I feel like we're forgetting someone. Skippy: Well, let's see. I'm here. You're here. Toby's here. Mama's here. The rest of the family's here. Everyone else is here. Who's missing? Toby: What about Tagalong? Skippy: Oh, well she's...uh oh. Skippy's Mother: (gasps in horror) STOP! MY BABY! Tagalong: (still back at the castle grounds trying to catch up) Mama, mama, wait for me! (Oh, ha, ha, ha! That ''wait for me'' joke worked so well the first time, you just HAD to repeat it, huh? Dede42: Yup.) Robin Hood: (looks back in horror) ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! HOW COULD I HAVE POSSIBLY LEFT HER BEHIND?! Friar Tuck: Want me to tell Little John to stop the cart? Robin Hood: There's no time! I don't care how risky it is, I HAVE to go back and get her myself! (Runs back to the castle grounds) Maid Marian: NO, ROBIN! WAIT! IT'S TOO DANGEROUS! *Robin grabs Tagalong just before an arrow hits her and carries her back toward the exit.* Derek (the Rhino Guard): AH! HE CAME BACK! GET HIM! Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: And get knocked over by MORE wine barrels if there are any more? Nope. Not me. You're on your own. Derek (the Rhino Guard): But it's no fun alone! Robin Hood: (almost at the exit) Hold on, Tagalong. We're almost there and soon, you'll be back with your family and...oh no. Captain Crocodile: TIMBER! (Uses his axe to cut the gate chain causing it to drop trapping Robin Hood and Tagalong) Robin Hood: AW, GEEZ! WE'RE TRAPPED! Tagalong: Twapped? You mean, we can't get out? Robin Hood: Well, maybe YOU can if your small enough to fit through those bars but... Sheriff: (now in a pink shirt because Little John stole his clothes) WE'VE GOT HIM NOW! Robin Hood: I'm dead. (Manages to squeeze Tagalong through the bars to a waiting, concerned Little John and a worried Maid Marian outside) Keep going. Don't worry about me. Derek (the Rhino Guard): (charging toward Robin Hood with his axe along because the other rhinos chickened out) YOU'RE MINE NOW, ROBBY! Robin Hood: You and what army, Derek? You're mates have given up just after they were knocked over by the wine barrels. Derek (the Rhino Guard): Well, they gave me ALL of they're weapons! Robin Hood: (notices Derek holding more than one axe in his hand) Oh...RUN! (Climbs up the gates quickly and swings on a rope screaming like Tarzan) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! Sheriff: I've got you now, Rob-(Robin hits the Sheriff in the tummy as he continues swinging on the rope) OOF! That's it! Now I'm mad! Robin Hood: (keeps swinging until he ends up hanging for dear life on a wall) Oh great. A wall. Derek (the Rhino Guard): Hold it right there! I may not have my mates with me this time, but I'm not done with you just yet! Take this! (Throws all the spears at Robin who just so happens to miss them like a boss!) Robin Hood: Missed me! (Dodges another spear) Nice aim! (Dodges yet another spear that he uses to help him scale the wall) Thanks, Derek. Derek (the Rhino Guard): Wait, huh? Now, how did that happen? Robin Hood: (reaches the top of the wall) Phew! Made it. Wolf Archer 1: Hold it right there! Robin Hood: WHAT?! Wolf Archer 1: That's right, fool! The rhinos may have given up, but NOT ME! (Fires his arrow at Robin's direction) Robin Hood: (runs across to the other side of the wall) RUN AWAY! Wolf Archer 2: (appearing in front of him) HALT! Robin Hood: ANOTHER ONE?! (Runs the opposite way) MOMMY! Wolf Archer 2: This is what you get for making my friend over there make a terrible joke about hanging! (Fires his arrow at Robin's direction) Wolf Archer 1: DUCK! Wolf Archer 2: (sees Wolf Archer 1's arrow coming his way) YIPE! (Ducks) Wolf Archer 1: Sorry, bro. (Sees Wolf Archer 2's arrow coming his way) EEK! (Ducks) *Not wanting to waste his time with those two, Robin jumps off THAT wall and onto ANOTHER wall, and then jumps from THAT wall to ANOTHER wall and so on and so forth until he finds his way climbing back up to Prince John's still on fire bedroom balcony again. Oh, and apparently, the Sheriff knew that was were Robin was heading.* Sheriff: (climbing up the stairs leading to Prince John's room with a lit torch in his hand) This time, we've got him for sure! (Wait, what do you mean ''we'', Sheriff? It's just YOU battling with Robin Hood. I don't see anyone else with you.) Robin Hood: (climbs up the still burning from earlier balcony) Huh? Fire?! Oh yeah. Prince John's bed set the place on fire. Well, that figures. (Runs inside the now empty and bedless bedroom and shuts the curtains) Still, this is a good place as any to hide for now. Sheriff: (standing right behind him while still holding the lit torch) Oh, is that so? Robin Hood: Uh oh! Sheriff: I got you now, Robin Hood! There's no escape this time! (Swings his torch at the startled fox setting the curtains on fire) Robin Hood: (dodges the attack) Sheriff! Buddy! What are you doing?! You're gonna set the WHOLE place on fire with that thing! Sheriff: Well, if I'm goin' down in flames, you're goin' with me! Now, STAND STILL AND LET ME KILL YOU! Robin Hood: Oh, I'm SO dead now! Wait! (Notices a rug that the Sheriff is standing on) Hey, Sheriff! What's that over there? Sheriff: Huh? (Robin quickly pulls the rug out from under him causing him to fall) WHOA-OOF! Ow. My butt. Robin Hood: (runs to another flock of stairs leading to the roof) You'll never catch me now, Sheriff! Sheriff: THIS IS NOT DONE YET, BOY! (Throws his lit torch at the stairs causing the fire to rage on and chase after Robin) Robin Hood: (gets to the attic) Oh. A window. Really? THAT'S my way out of here! (Sees the fire following him and spreading some more) Oh yeah. That window's DEFINITELY my way outta here! (Climbs out the window and onto the roof) There! The fire can't possibly get me from her...(spoke too soon! The fire is spreading to the roof as well) ARE YOU SERIOUS?! NOW I'M TRAPPED! Prince John: (at another part of the castle) SHOOT HIM! (Um, PJ? Who are you talking to? There's no way your guards would dare try shooting Robin where he's trapped right now. Plus, I can't even SEE your guards anymore in this scene!) *On the ground below near the forest, Little John, Maid Marian, Lady Kluck and Skippy are watching in horror.* Skippy: ROBIN! JUMP! Robin Hood: (hears Skippy's shouting) Well...(the fire starts burning his clothes) AH! HOT! HOT! HOT! (Looks down at the moat) I guess I've got no choice here. (Jumps off the roof) GERONIMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! (EPIC SPLASH!) Prince John: (yelling in fury) KILL HIM! KILL HIM! Sir Hiss: Sire, just admit defeat and let him win this time, hmm? Prince John: NO WAY! KILL HIM! Sir Hiss: And all your guards have given up trying to at this point now, sire. Prince John: HUH?! Sir Hiss: Yep. Even Derek's called it quits. Prince John: B-b-b-but... *Meanwhile back at the ground...* Little John: Rob? Buddy? Are you alright down there, buddy? Maid Marian: You CAN swim, can't you, Robin? Skippy: He's just gotta make it. Or he'll drown! *Suddenly, Robin's green hat appears floating on the surface, indicating that Robin just couldn't swim (even though he swam perfectly before in the Oo-De-Lally number) and he drowned.* Little John: (gasps) No...no...no. Prince John: (cheers in delight) HISS! HE'S FINISHED! DONE FOR! (Begins dancing like an idiot) La, la, la! Ha, ha, ha, ha! Skippy: (after a short silence from everyone standing near him) So, he's gonna make it...isn't he, you three? Little John: Well...he should...I mean, he could swim just fine before but...well... Maid Marian: (begins tearing up) Well, (sniff) I guess Prince John finally got what he wanted. (Sniff) Poor Robin. Lady Kluck: (sees a moving reed) Don't lose hope JUST yet, you two! Look! Skippy: (sees the moving reed as well) Hey. What IS that? Maid Marian: (sees it too) Oh. I'm not exactly sure, Skippy. Is it some sort of fish? Lady Kluck: A SHARK?! LEMME AT EM! Little John: (leans forward as the reed gets closer) I'm going in for a closer loo...(the reed ends up squirting water in his face) HEY! WHAT THE…?! Maid Marian: (gasps) C-could it be? Skippy: Gee whizz! It's Robin Hood! (Skippy, you already said that.) Robin Hood: (appears from out of the water) Yep. You guessed it. I'm back from the dead! Little John: Rob? Ha, ha, ha. Oh man, did you have us worried? We thought you was long gone! Skippy: (jumps into Robin's arms) Aw, not Robin Hood! Robin Hood: Ha! Fooled you all, didn't I? Sir Hiss: (watching from the castle looking surprised) Look, sire! Look! He's made it. He got away again. Prince John: WHAT?! Everyone On The Ground Near The Moat Below: A POX ON THE PHONY KING OF ENGLAND! OO-DE-LALLY! Prince John: (upset) Oh no! It's so miserably unfair! I ALMOST had him that time! I ALMOST HAD REVENGE! Sir Hiss: Well, I tried to tell you, but no, no, no, you wouldn't listen. Your traps just never work no matter how clever they are. (Notices the burning tower) And now, look what you've done to your mothers castle. Prince John: (about to his Hiss with a stick until he hears the word ''mother'') AAAAAAAAAHHHHH! MOMMY! (Begins sucking his thumb while whacking Hiss with the stick) Sir Hiss: (dodging Prince John's swings while panicking) AAH! OOH! Prince John: HOLD STILL! Sir Hiss: SIRE, NO! Prince John: YOU COWARDLY COBRA! Sir Hiss: PLEASE! OH, NO! Prince John: PROCRASTINATING PYTHON! Sir Hiss: NO! WAIT! HAVE MERCY! Prince John: YOU AGGRAVATING ASP! (Manages to hit Hiss in the tail) Sir Hiss: SAVE ME! OOOH! Prince John: (Chases Hiss up some nearby stairs into the castle) YOU EEL IN SNAKE'S CLOTHING! Sir Hiss: HELP! HE'S GONE STARK RAVING MAD! (Voice echoes all over the castle) Prince John: NOW, YOU'RE GONNA GET YOURS! King Richard: (standing right behind Prince John and takes the stick away) I'LL take that! Prince John: Hey! What's the big idea, bub? I was trying to hit this stupid sna...(realises who he's talking to) AAAAAAAAAHHHHH! King Richard: Well, brother John. Up to your old tricks I see. Sir Hiss: (gulp) S-s-s-sire?! Prince John: (nervous) Richard! I...uh...errrrrrrrrrr... King Richard: I leave England in your care and return to find the people oppressed! And by the looks of things, you've managed to set the whole place on fire! Prince John: Well...I...uh...yes...that is to say...um...(beginning hugging Hiss in panic) King Richard: YOU ARE BOTH GUILTY! You have used the crown for your own selfish interests! You should be banished from England FOREVER! Prince John: (gasps) F-f-f-forever? King Richard: (reconsiders) But it would upset mother. (Sees the crown still on Prince John's head) Ah yes. The crown. (Prince John gives it to him) Thank you. Prince John: (begins crying once more) OOOOOOOOH, MOMMY! (Sucks his thumb once more too) Sir Hiss: Hmph. Big baby. A/N: Yay! It's finally done! See you on Tuesday! R&R; everyone![Chapter 14] A/N: Hey, online brother, I'm fixing that error you found right now. Chapter 14: The Party/Happily Ever After! (Or is it?) *And so we come to the last chapter of our story and as you can see, it is a new day in Nottingham and things are returning to the way they were before again. Oh, here comes Alan A Dale singing his song ''Whistle Stop'' from the opening credits again making his way to a tree with an old poster of Robin Hood with a new title: \"Pardoned by order of King Richard\".* Alan A Dale: (chuckles) Y'know, I thought we'd never get rid of those two rascals or see the light of day ever again. But lucky for us folks, good ol' King Richard returned to the throne and...well, he just straightened things out. Why not take a look for yourself? *Cut to Prince John, Sir Hiss and the Sheriff of Nottingham in stripy jail clothes in the royal rock pile hitting rocks while the vultures, Nutsy and Trigger who are unexplainably reformed in this scene, are on nearby tree branches watching them.* Prince John: (breaks a stone in half which lands on his foot causing him to scream in pain) OWWWW! AAH! MY FOOT! OOOH! GEEZ, THAT HURTS! OOOH! *Sir Hiss just laughs uncontrollably at the sight.* Alan A Dale: (hears church bells) Say, we'd better get over to the church. Sounds like somebody's throwin' a party over there. (And sure enough at the castle, where the tower is being rebuilt, a big party is going on to celebrate the return of King Richard and the defeat of Prince John. Everyone is singing and dancing to a familiar song.) Everyone: Oh the world will sing of an English King A thousand years from now And not because he passed some laws Or had that lofty brow While bonny good King Richard leads The great crusade he's on We'll all have to slave away For that good-for-nothin' John Incredible as he is inept Whenever the history books are kept They'll call him the phony king of England! A pox on the phony king of England! He sits alone on a giant throne Pretendin' he's the king A little tyke who's rather like A puppet on a string And he throws an angry tantrum If he cannot have his way And then he calls for his Mum While he's suckin' his thumb You see, he doesn't want to play Too late to be known as John the First He's sure to be known as John the worst A pox on that phony king of England! While he taxes us to pieces And he robs us of our bread King Richard's crown keeps slippin' down Around that pointed head Ah! But while there is a merry man In Robin's wily pack We'll find a way to make him pay And steal our money back A minute before he knows we're there Ol' Rob'll snatch his underwear! The breezy and uneasy king of England! The snivellin' grovellin', Measly weasly, Blabberin' jabberin', Gibberin' jabberin', Blunderin' plunderin', Wheelin' dealin' Prince John, that phony King of England! Yeah! (Everyone is having a grand old time with singing, dancing, eating food, and as the sun starts to set, it was time for everyone to head home.) Nutsy: (sees Robin Hood and Maid Marian making they're way back home after the party finishes) Hey! Here comes the inlaw, Trigger! PRESEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENT AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARMS! *Trigger salutes and then fires his crossbow ''Ol' Betsy'' by mistake and the arrow goes flying all over place just constantly missing Prince John, Hiss and the Sheriff* Prince John: (screams with rage) I can't take this anymore, Hiss! I'm fed up with being in jail! I want out I tell ya! I WANT OUT! (Begins crying and sucking his thumb) Sheriff: No can do, PJ. You heard King Richard's orders. We have to stay here and do our time. Besides, we've brought this upon ourselves anyway. Sir Hiss: And plus sire, I never really WAS on your side anyway. Prince John: WHAT?! Sir Hiss: Well think about it sire. All your traps went horribly wrong. The archery tournament and threatening to hang Friar Tuck. Hmph. Honestly, you should've gone with MY idea about building giant wall in front of your castle so no one could bother you or take your taxes. I tried to tell you but no, no, no you never listened. In fact, when you thought Robin had drowned in the moat, I was actually hoping he'd still be alive. Prince John: Ooh why I oughta...(trips on his prison chains) Oof! Ooh, as soon we get out of these chains I'm going to beat you up so good. Sir Hiss: With what? Another one of your mother's mirrors that you broke and gave yourself seven years bad luck? Prince John: Ooh Hiss! I am gonna...(earthquake out of nowhere starts happening) hey, do you hear that? *A bunch of Dragons start flying/migrating across the sky. One of them as you can probably guess is the dragon from the My Little Pony episode ''Dragonshy'' carrying jewels he's stolen from various rich type persons. Because of the earthquake caused by the roaring dragons, the prison chains break.* Prince John: (gasp) Could it be? I-I'm free? (Long pause) I'M FREE! YAHOO! Sir Hiss: So are the Sheriff and I, sire. Prince John: And it's all thanks to these...dragons...I didn't know dragons migrated through Nottingham. Right then boys! Since we're free from this royal rock pile, you thinking what I'm thinking? Sir Hiss: No sire. Whatever it is, keep us out of it. Sheriff: Yeah, besides, you just want to get revenge on Robin Hood again. I mean, what about King Richard? He's returned now and made Robin Hood an inlaw. We can't go back to our evil ways. That would be breaking orders. Sir Hiss: And plus, we've already given the poor rhino guards mixed messages. Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: (Robin and Marian pass them) Aww, they really do make such great friends. Derek (the Rhino Guard): Wait, we have to be nice to Robin Hood now? Um, why did all of us try to kill Robin Hood again before this day happened? Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: We were forced against our will by Prince John who was king before Richard came back to do it, that's why. Derek (the Rhino Guard): I'm getting mixed messages now. Sir Hiss: See what I mean, sire? Prince John: Oh fine then! I guess I'll go find somewhere far away from Nottingham to steal money from so I don't get in trouble! Sheriff: Good luck with trying to decide where to go. Sir Hiss: Yeah, as for me now I'm free, I'm going to turn over a new leaf and become a good guy. (Just like Iago did in The Return of Jafar. A film that I somewhat enjoyed but mainly just watched because of Iago. Not because of Aladdin and...*shudders*...Jasmine.) Sheriff: I'm staying in this rock pile. I'm not getting in trouble with your brother. Prince John: That's okay! I don't need you two anyway! Now then, where's the best place far away to steal stuf...(some jewels from the dragon falls on his head) OW! My head! Hello? What's this? ''Property of Filthy Rich. Ponyville. Equestria''? (Looks up at the red dragon with the jewels) Hmm? I suppose I could move in with him and ask to share the profits and help him steal whatever's in this Equestria place. (Starts running off) I say, mr Dragon! Mr Dragon! (Runs past various rhino guards) Derek (the Rhino Guard): Um, is that Prince John escaping? Some Other Rhino Guard With No Name: (gasps) It is! Quick! Inform King Richard! *Meanwhile, Alan A Dale is in a nearby field watching Robin and Marian making they're way back home have some fun the same way they did as kids getting ready to say his last line in this film/fanfic.* Alan A Dale: (chuckles) Well folks, that's the way it really...(Prince John runs past calling for the dragon)...happened?! Random Choir From Nowhere: Oo-de-lally, Oo-de-lally Golly, what a day. Oo-de-lally, Oo-de-lally Golly, WHAT A DAY! THE END A Walt Disney, Dede42 and RolePlayer48 Production. A/N: And it has been fixed! See you Tuesday! R&R; everyone! ","Summary":" A/N: Surprise, Roleplayer48! I'm posting your rewrite for everyone to enjoy! And I'm adding a bit f"},{"Movie":"Gamer","Title":"I Don't Want Revenge","Author":"Ubiquitous-Kiss","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6125971","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *Disclaimer* I do not own anything but the plot and any of the OC's. I am not making a profit off this (duh). I wrote this because I needed a new story to write. Chapter 1: Ken Castle is Dead I leaned back on the floor. I dropped the gossip magazine I had been reading. My mind wandered to my father, Ken Castle. I hadn't seen him in awhile. He was always so busy with interviews, meetings, and watching his little games. I'm not the biggest fan of games, especially ones that let you control real people. But I never tried to stop him. Why would I? Not when it makes him rich and allows me to have whatever I want. But I did worry sometimes. That maybe one of the protesters would try to kill him or that finally someone important would realize that my father was a monster and that he had to be stopped. I didn't want anything bad to happen to my dad, even if he barely paid me any mind. I still loved him. It's not like he treated me badly - in fact he was extremely nice to me, whenever he was actually around that is. A man ran into my room, looking breathless. I sat up and stared blankly at him. He looked familiar, like one of my father's employees. Why would he just barge into a teenage girls room? I blinked my green eyes and finally asked what it was that the man wanted. \"I'm sorry to say Miss Castle, but your father is dead,\" he announced. He had managed to catch his breath. Even though I had barely known my father I felt a deep sadness overtake me. I blinked tears from my eyes. I wouldn't cry in front of this stranger. \"Miss-\" \"Just get the fuck out of here!\" I shouted, pointing at the exit. The man retreated quickly. I buried my face in my hands and let salty tears spill from my eyes. I hadn't cried in a long time. I never had a reason to. No matter how you feel about your parents, it's still a terrible thing to hear that they are dead. I already have no idea who my mother is, apparently she had died giving birth to me. There was never a single photo of her anywhere in our home. And my father never talked about her, always preferring to change the subject if I mentioned her. But now I was an orphan - a rich orphan - but an orphan nonetheless. I had no one to depend on. The realization that I was alone scared the shit out of me. Who would be my guardian until I turned eighteen? I knew I wouldn't get a lick of my father's money until I was eighteen. I stood and headed out of my room. A group of lawyer types had already assembled in the living room. I glared at them. I would have ignored them and pretended I didn't see them if one of the men hadn't spoken. \"Annabel Castle?\" one of them asked. I stopped in my tracks and tried not to glare at the man. \"Yes,\" I replied. The man extended his hand, I shook it quickly then let my arm fall to my side. \"I am Mr. Silverton, one of your father's lawyers,\" he replied. I looked around the room. How many lawyers did my father need? \"Okay,\" I muttered, raising my eyebrows, waiting to hear what else he had to say. \"I know you just found out your father has died - \" he started. I had to interrupt. \" When did he die?\" I asked. What I really wanted to know was how, but for some reason I couldn't voice that question - I was afraid one of my nightmares would be confirmed. That he was killed by an assassin or protester. Mr. Silverton shifted uncomfortably. \"Well, he died last week. I'm actually surprised you haven't witnessed his murder. Everyone else has,\" he replied. \" Murder ? Witnessed ? What the hell are you talking about?\" I asked. \"It was all being broadcast,\" he replied. So I should explain now that I'm pretty much my father's opposite. I never play games, or use the internet. I prefer reading books and writing poetry. But even those silly gossip magazines I read hadn't mentioned my father's death - uh, murder. \"Please continue with what you were explaining before I interrupted,\" I said. I took a deep breath and forced myself to remain calm. \"Your father has left everything, including his company, to you,\" Mr. Silverton stated. I inhaled deeply – okay fine, I gasped. I had expected money and the house but the company was a complete shock. Why would he do that? He knew I had no interest in the company. \"Are you serious?\" I asked in apparent disbelief. Mr. Silverton nodded. \"All you have to do, Miss Castle, is sign a few documents and then we'll be on our way. Of course, you can't actually do anything until you are eighteen, but from what I've heard, that will be soon,\" Mr. Silverton said. I nodded. My birthday was in a couple months. I signed the papers they asked me to, after having read them. I wasn't stupid enough not too. Who knows what kind of scams they could try to force on me. \"If you need anything, don't hesitate to ask,\" Mr. Silverton said politely. Then he and the rest of the lawyers left. I was alone in my house - nothing unusual about that. I was always alone. But for some reason it felt even emptier. I guess knowing that my dad was never coming back made it feel that way. I ran for the room my father had had made for me. The one I never used. The walls were a monitor, I told the room to search for the death of Ken Castle. Links popped up all over the place, I looked for a video link and quickly found it. I watched the video in horror. Seeing my father die was not something I had ever wished to see. I knew he was a bad person and that lots of people disagreed with his 'games', but still. He was my dad. I didn't blame the man who had killed him. I watched more videos of what Kable had been through, read about what my dad had done to him. I knew my father deserved what happened to him. But what bothered me was that I hadn't heard of his death sooner. And that I hadn't heard the noise of everything happening in my own home. Perhaps I had been listening to music too loud or taking a nap. I couldn't remember what I had been doing that day and I didn't allow it to bother me too much. There was nothing I could do about it now. I turned off the room and left quickly. I had no idea what to do next. Make funeral plans? No, the lawyers had said that was all taken care of. I headed to the kitchen to make a sandwich. That always made me feel better. A/N: Well, I finished my Alice fic so I moved on to a new story. This is it. I love the movie Gamer and I just recently bought it after having rented it multiple times. This story has a slow start. I will probably post the next chapter in a couple days, I just want to tweak it a little bit. I hope you like this, I know it isn't like the other Gamer fics on here, sorry. Reviews are nice but not necessary.[Chapter 2] *Disclaimer: I don't own anything but the plot and OC's. So yeah, here goes. Chapter 2: Simon Silverton I dressed in a black dress for my father's funeral. I pinned my blond hair back and even wore heels. That I must say, were starting to kill my feet. All the standing I had to do wasn't helping. But people wouldn't stop with their insincere apologies. I had to force myself not to roll my eyes. Eventually everyone stopped coming up to me, I guess they had started to sense my irritation. A young man about my age made his way over to me. He had dark hair and bright blue eyes. I had never seen him before in my life... At least, I didn't think so. \"You seem very popular around here,\" he stated, eying the people who were now eating the free food. They may be rich, but they were cheap. Who doesn't love free crabcakes and meatballs? \"I guess it comes with being the orphaned daughter of Ken Castle,\" I sighed. I looked up at him and gave him a small smile. \"And you are?\" \"Simon Silverton,\" he replied. \"So you're Annabel? My father mentioned you on one of his rare visits.\" Simon looked lonely as he said that. His father must have been Mr. Silverton, one of my father's lawyers. I frowned. \"I know the feeling,\" I muttered. \"Hey, want to leave this place?\" Simon gave me a bewildered look. But nodded. I led him away and to the rooftop. I leaned over the edge and down at the street. Many people walked around. Most probably heading to work. For some reason, Society was still around. When they shut it down people lost their jobs and the country was back to it's sorry state. Within a week Society was back. There were protesters of course and every now and then they blamed me. When I actually have nothing to do with how the company is run, not until my birthday. How did they even find out about me? Simon looked down at the street with me. \"Do you think what your father did was wrong?\" Simon asked. \"Yes, it was wrong. He helped the country though, even if it was for the wrong reasons... I won't let all that happen again. As soon as I have control of the company I'm shutting everything down. I'll find new jobs for everyone... Pay them myself, if only to stop Society,\" I replied. I looked over at Simon, he was smiling at me. \"I figured as much,\" he stated. I returned my attention to the street below. \"I'm nothing like my dad. I don't even see the appeal to that so called game,\" I said. \"Why don't people read or write or draw? Watch television even... What's the point of controlling other people? Isn't that why they made that one game... uh... the Sims' was it? At least that's fake people.\" \"Do you miss your dad?\" Simon asked after a moment of silence. I cast him a glance through slitted lids. \"What is there to miss?\" I asked in turn. I turned away from the ledge. \"He barely payed me any mind. Every now and again he'd try to get me interested in his idiotic games or help him brainstorm. But I never found any of that worth my time. So, eventually he just left me alone. Occasionally we would have a meal together, but only because the housekeeper insisted.\" \"Your relationship with your father is a bit like the one I have with mine,\" Simon stated. I looked over at him sadly. \"Don't let that happen,\" I urged. \"You'll regret it one day.\" \"Well, there's really nothing I can do about it,\" Simon said. He headed for the exit. \"Maybe I'll see you around.\" \"Yeah, maybe,\" I said after he had already left. For someone reason Simon Silverton was a familiar name to me, not because his father was my dad's lawyer. I headed to that moronic room that my father had had built for me. I said Simon's name aloud. When I got to reading I couldn't believe it. Simon had been the one controlling Kable throughout Slayers. I turned the room off. Simon was no better than my father. I went through the house looking for Simon, but his father told me he had already left. Thankfully everyone else started leaving as well, but sadly they had to give me their sympathies one last time. As soon as everyone had left I kicked off my ridiculous shoes. I headed to my father's room. It was nice and tidy. Nothing was ever out of place. I'd only been in there a few times before. I looked over his things. A book sat on his nightstand. I read the cover, but found it uninteresting. Still holding the book I went to explore the rest of his quarters. His study was filled with books, ones I knew for sure had never been read and were probably only for show. I turned on the wall screen and went through his documents. Turns out, he was working on a new game. A fantasy type involving swords and bows. I found it uninteresting and decided to check his mail. That's when I heard a noise. The sound of a book falling to the floor. I turned around. \"Simon?\" I asked, spotting the dark haired boy standing in the doorway. \"Sorry,\" he mumbled, picking up the book he had knocked off the edge of the desk. I turned off the wall screen and ordered the lights to turn on. \"What are you doing here? Your father said you had left,\" I stated. \"Well, truth is, I wanted to take a look around this place,\" he replied. \"I just wanted to see what the Castle family kept around their home.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Turns out you guys don't keep much around,\" he said. I led him from the study and to the living room. When he was still lingering in the room I finally spoke up. \"Do you need something?\" I asked. Simon's blue eyes met mine. He looked very serious all of a sudden. \"I want you to help me get in touch with Kable,\" he replied. I sat down on the couch and stared up at the ceiling. I didn't want to help him do that. \"You don't blame him do you?\" Simon asked. I shook my head. \"Then, help me.\" \"It's not that simple. What makes you think I can do that? How could I find him?\" I asked, standing. \"I'm sure your father has some sort of tracing device in Kable or something,\" Simon stated. \"They told me they turned that off at Kable's request,\" I said. \"And what if Kable doesn't want to be found? What if he just wants to be left alone?\" Simon frowned. \"Please?\" he asked, pouting. I groaned and headed back to my father's study. I could hear Simon following. I turned on the wall screen and looked blankly at the screen. \"I have no idea what to look for,\" I stated. Simon stood beside me. \"Will it listen to my commands?\" he asked. \"No, only a Castle,\" I replied. \"Hmm, okay, then ask it to search for Kable's whereabouts, if it tells you it can't perform that function ask to enable that function,\" Simon said. \"Is it really that simple?\" I asked. Simon shrugged. I did as I was told. It wouldn't perform the simple task of locating someone, so I had to enable the function, but then of course it asked for a password. I grunted in slight frustration. I always felt ridiculous talking to a wall to begin with, but when it sort of yelled at me or demanded something I just felt stupid. \"Well, give it a password,\" Simon said. I glared over at him. \"They aren't going to give me any of the passwords until I'm eighteen,\" I said. \"I have no idea what the password could be.\" \"Your name or birthday perhaps?\" Simon asked. \"It's a pretty secure password since no one really knew of your existence until after your father died. He kept you a secret.\" \"At my request,\" I sighed. \"I'll try it.\" I gave the room my name and birthday and surprisingly it worked. \"Okay, now search,\" Simon ordered excitedly. I again did as I was told and the wall displayed Kable's whereabouts. \"You're going to go meet him then?\" I asked. Simon stared at the screen. I glanced over at him. He looked very serious, yet happy. A tiny glint of excitement lingered in his eyes – or that could have just been the light from the monitor. \"Yes,\" he replied. Then he looked over at me. \"Would you like to come with me? You can thank him.\" \"Thank him? He killed my dad,\" I almost yelled. \"You said you didn't blame-\" Simon started. \"I don't blame him. If I was in his shoes I would have done the same. But still... He killed my dad. I don't think I could ever face that man,\" I said. Simon smiled, which perplexed me a bit. \"Well, then, come with me. I'll need the company and someone to give me directions,\" Simon said. \"And in the end, you'd like to meet Kable you can. If you don't do this, you may regret it for the rest of your life.\" \"Fine,\" I groaned in compliance. What he said held some logic. \"Pack some peanut butter, grape jelly and bread!\" he shouted. \"Um... What?\" I asked. \"Never mind,\" he muttered, before hurrying out of the room. I slowly followed after him. \"We'll head out tomorrow morning. Pack your bags - ROAD TRIP!\" I shook my head as I watched him go. I barely knew that boy, yet he made me feel like I wasn't so alone. I was even a little excited for our so called 'road trip'. But what's up with the supplies for a PB&J;? A/N: Well, I have to go brainstorm for the next chapter. Sadly, Stargate is getting in the way of my writing time. I would also like to say that the title of this fic is pretty random and may or may not have anything to do with the story.[Chapter 3] *Disclaimer: I own just about nothing. I'm not making a profit (it's not even good enough to make a profit). And I hate PB&J;'s (I had it for lunch, almost everyday, all four years of high school). Chapter 3: Use Protection I awoke to this incessant buzzing sound. I knew it was alerting me that someone was at the door. But I really didn't want to answer it. I was tired. It had taken me forever to fall asleep the night before. Images of my father being killed kept flashing in my mind. It was just awful. No one should witness their parents death. I guess I shouldn't have watched those videos. It was my own fault really. I reluctantly climbed out of my large, comfy bed. I realized that the noise wasn't going to stop. So fully dressed in my pajamas, an oversized t-shirt and shorts, I went to greet whoever was so eager to disturb my sleep. Once I saw who it was I couldn't help but feel a little apprehensive. I hadn't expected to actually see him today. \"What are you doing here?\" I asked once I let him inside. Simon's eyebrows furrowed a bit. \"I told you. We're leaving this morning,\" he replied. \"And is that any way to greet a guest?\" \"You are not a guest. You are a nuisance,\" I stated. Simon laughed lightly. \"I didn't think you were serious about me tagging along. You have all the information you need.\" Simon walked around me and towards the kitchen. I followed behind at a sluggish pace. I arrived in the kitchen to see Simon placing the three simple ingredients of a PB&J; on the island. I leaned against the door-frame. The kitchen was unnecessarily large with brilliant, big windows along one wall. The windows always made the room feel much larger than it already was. I hated it. It just reminded me of how empty the whole place really was. Every room was too big before my father died and now it was ten times worse. It was just me here. Well, and the housekeeper. But she had her own place. \"Do you have something we can put this in?\" he asked, glancing up at me. I yawn and pushed myself off the door-frame. I dug through one of the lower cabinets. I came upon an old picnic basket I didn't even know we had... Or I had. I placed the basket on the island. \"Simon, I'm tired-\" I started. Simon placed a hand over my mouth. I refrained from licking his palm. Which is what I normally would do if someone put a hand over my mouth. It usually makes them remove their hand. Usually. But I had a feeling he would just lick me back or something. \"You can sleep in the car,\" he stated. He removed his hand from my mouth. \"No, I will not sleep in the car. I am not going with you,\" I said. Simon rolled his eyes. \"What?\" \"You are going with me. You agreed yesterday,\" Simon said. Was he serious? \"That doesn't mean I'm going. I had doubts on whether or not you were being serious,\" I replied. I walked around him and to the fridge. I pulled out a yogurt cup and peeled back the foil. \"Besides, I don't even know you. I sure as hell don't trust you. And I don't think I want to get anywhere near Kable.\" I licked the yogurt off the foil before throwing it into the trash. Then I moved about the kitchen in search of a spoon. I could feel Simon's eyes on me. \"You don't trust me?\" he asked. I located a spoon – it was in the silverware drawer, who'd have thought? I turned my attention back to Simon now that I had something to quiet my rumbling tummy. If I didn't eat in the morning I got this feeling, like I was going to be sick. \"No. I don't trust you,\" I replied before putting a spoonful of strawberry banana yogurt in my mouth. My favorite of all the yogurts. \"Why not?\" he asked. He placed two jars of peanut butter in the basket. I have a lot of peanut butter. And jelly. And of course bread to go with it. It wasn't my favorite thing to eat, but it was easy to make and I didn't always have the housekeeper to make me breakfast, lunch and dinner. So PB&J; it was. \"Because, like I said. I don't know you,\" I replied. \"You're a complete stranger to me.\" Simon looked as if he were thinking of some kind of response. So I went about eating my yogurt and staring out the window across from me. The sky was a clear blue, and mostly cloudless. A nice day to sit on the roof. \"Since we're strangers, the car ride will be more enjoyable,\" Simon stated. \"We can spend the entire trip getting to know each other.\" \"But, I don't want to get to know you,\" I lied. I wanted to know him. I'd always wanted a friend and here was a great opportunity to make one. I threw the empty yogurt cup into the trash and then made my way to the sink. Simon was still packing things into the basket. He had taken some packaged cookies out of the pantry. \"Are you just going to raid my kitchen?\" \"Well, I assumed it would be fine by you. Since ya know, I thought you were coming with me,\" Simon replied. I groaned and left the kitchen. \"Where are you going?\" he called after me. \"To take a shower and pack my bag,\" I shouted back. I made my way to my bedroom. The housekeeper, Lana, was making my bed. Smoothing out the wrinkles on my periwinkle comforter. \"Good morning.\" \"Good morning, Miss Castle,\" Lana said. She flashed me a motherly smile. I always found comfort in that smile. Lana was pale and had kind brown eyes. I wasn't sure where she was from, but she had a slight accent. \"What are your plans for the day, Anna?\" \"I'll be going out of town,\" I said. I decided to pack my bag first. Get the hard part out of the way. I remembered – only necessities. I didn't need to bring along useless things. Just some clothes, toiletries and maybe a couple books. Okay, not quite necessities, but who knew how bored I'd get. \"Out of town?\" Lana asked, her voice concerned and confused. If it was possible to sound like both. I nodded and threw some clothes onto my bed. \"Me and... A friend.\" \"You have a friend?\" Lana asked. I tried not to laugh at the expression of disbelief on her face. She knew I rarely left the house and that I wasn't one for human contact. I had never mentioned any friends before. That's because I didn't have any. \"Annabel! I need help!\" Simon was shouting from the kitchen. I rolled my eyes. \"Friend?\" Lana asked. I nodded with a look of slight dismay. What could he possibly need my help for? \"Would you like me to pack you a bag?\" \"Yes, please,\" I replied before exiting my bedroom. I made my way back to the kitchen. \"What?\" I took in the scene and then burst into a fit of giggles. It seemed as if one of the jars of jelly had rebelled against Simon packing it and somehow, burst from it's container. \"How...?\" \"I don't know. The jar just... Exploded,\" Simon said with a hint of defeat. He had jelly in his hair and on his face. \"Can I shower here?\" I nodded and led him to one of the guest bathrooms. The bathroom was much brighter than any of the other rooms in the house. The towels and rug were a bright yellow. My dad said it would make company feel more at home and relaxed. Keep them cheerful. It just gave me a headache. \"I'll take your shirt and have Lana clean it,\" I said. Simon looked at me for a moment. \"Now?\" he asked. I rolled my eyes. \"You're what sixteen? Seventeen? You've never taken your clothes off in front of a girl?\" I asked. \"It's just your shirt.\" \"But I don't trust you,\" Simon said in a terrible imitation of my voice. \"Are you teasing me?\" I asked. Simon just gave me a small smile then removed his shirt, surrendering it to me. \"Thank you.\" I averted my eyes and turned to leave before he could remove the rest of his clothes in front of me. \"You didn't get jelly on anything else, did you?\" \"There's a little bit on my jeans,\" he replied. I turned back around. He handed me the jeans as well. \"There are towels in the cabinet under the sink. After you're all cleaned up and after I take my shower, we can leave,\" I said. With his clothes in hand I made my way out of the bathroom. \"It'd be faster if you just joined me in this shower,\" Simon called after me. I smiled to myself and just shook my head. I handed the clothes to Lana once I returned to my room. \"These need to be washed – pronto,\" I stated. She took the clothes from me, eying them with a bit of suspicion. \"A boy? You'll be going out of town with a boy?\" she asked. I nodded. \"But Miss- Your father would not approve.\" \"My father is dead,\" I stated. Lana didn't say anything more and left my room. I let out a heavy sigh and headed to my bathroom. After a relaxing, hot shower, I dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. Then I made my way to the kitchen. Simon was already there, standing in his boxers. \"Clothes not done yet?\" I asked. He shook his head. \"Sorry. Now, how exactly did the jelly just explode?\" \"Well, I was trying to open the jar... And it just sort of happened,\" he replied. I pursed my lips and headed to the picnic basket. I looked inside. \"So we're going to live off of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches?\" I asked under my breath. I closed the basket and stepped away from the island. Lana came in carrying Simon's folded clothes. \"There you are,\" Lana said. She looked at me and back to Simon. \"Don't you dare hurt Miss Castle.\" She tried saying this without me hearing but the kitchen was much too quiet. I blushed at her words and felt Simon glance in my direction. \"Okay, Lana, you're officially on vacation,\" I announced to avoid an awkward silence. I began leading the older woman from the room. \"And please, don't come back here until I call you.\" \"But dust – you know how your allergies are,\" Lana started. I rolled my eyes. \"Lana, I know you have a family that misses you dearly. Please, you'll be getting paid, so don't worry about it,\" I reassured her. \"Okay,\" she sighed. \"Be careful.\" Then in a lower voice. \"Use protection.\" I found that statement both embarrassing and funny. I pushed Lana out of the house before she could say any more strange things. There was no way I'd ever do anything with Simon. First of all, I didn't even know him. Secondly, I just wasn't the kind of person. \"Protection?\" Simon asked. I turned around swiftly. He was standing in the doorway a smile playing on his lips. I noticed he was dressed again. Thank God. \"Don't mind her,\" I said.. \"She's just worried about my well-being. She's always been that way.\" Simon just nodded. \"So, you ready to head out?\" he asked. \"Just let me grab my bag,\" I replied. I went to my room, grabbed my bag and met Simon in the foyer. I followed him out to his car. The sunlight was bright and stung my eyes. I hoped Lana had packed my sunglasses, otherwise I was going to be mentally stabbing myself. We got into his car and headed out onto the highway. We had a pretty long trip ahead of us. I only hoped I wouldn't get annoyed by Simon and end up murdering him. With that in mind, I began to create elaborate ways that I would hide his body. Only once we had been siting in silence for fifteen minutes or so, did Simon's voice break me out of my reverie. \"I did bring protection,\" he stated. I couldn't help but laugh at that random statement. He laughed too. I hoped he was joking. \"Don't even think about it,\" I said. \"It's never going to happen.\" I pulled out the map I had printed off the night before. I studied it for a moment before telling Simon to take the next exit. And so our trip began. A/N: I'm sorry for any weird typos you may see. I don't always catch them, and I've read through this twice, so yeah. Um, this chapter may seem kind of pointless, but I'm trying to build a friendship and that can take time, so... Next update should be in 3-7 days. I'm going to start typing it now though. I hope you didn't find this update boring or useless. :)[Chapter 4] *Warning: Randomness may ensue. Chapter 4: Being Followed I stared out of the tinted window. My thoughts wandered aimlessly. But that wasn't that unusual. Occasionally I thought about my future as head of my father's company. He'd worked so hard to make it great. Yes, I admit, it was a great company – even if it was toxic. And soon it would be my responsibility. It was a huge weight on my shoulders and it hurt my brain to think about how I could possibly turn things around. If I could turn things around. With thoughts of my father's company, came thoughts of my father. Which in turn made me think about Mr. Silverton, Simon's dad. Wouldn't he be worried about his teenage son just leaving town? \"Does your father know where you are?\" I asked. I was still staring out the window but I felt Simon cast a glance in my direction from the corner of his eye. I took his silence as a no. I looked in the rear-view mirror. I didn't know if it was just paranoia or something else, but I was pretty sure the same black car had been following us for at least an hour. I was about to voice my observance when Simon's car started ringing. Simon looked down at the caller id screen. I followed his annoyed gaze. DAD , appeared in big bold letters on the screen. Simon let out a groan and turned down the radio, not that it was on very loud to begin with. It served more as background noise. He hit the talk button and his father's angry voice emerged from the speaker's. \"Simon, where the hell are you?\" Mr. Silverton growled. I went back to looking out my window. This was not a discussion I should be listening in on. But it wasn't going to be private, so I tried to at least look like I was minding my own business. \"I'm out with a friend,\" Simon replied. I could tell he was trying not to match his father's tone. And I was wondering when the word friend became such a loss term that you could just use for anyone who you happened to know. \"A friend ?\" Mr. Silverton sneered. \"You're grounded. You're supposed to be at home, helping your mom out around the house or maybe doing some of those summer assignments.\" \"Dad, I can explain,\" Simon started. He lowered his voice just the tiniest bit, like he was telling his dad some secret that I wasn't supposed to hear. But let me tell ya, we weren't in a very big car. \"I'm with a girl.\" There was silence on the other end. It was as if Mr. Silverton were processing this information and weighing the pros with the cons of the situation. I imagine the list something like this: Pros: Son gets laid. Cons: Son possibly becomes a father. Son possibly gets some STD. But still, son gets laid. Sure his son was grounded but for some strange reason, dad's wanted their sons to 'get some'. Of course it wasn't the same for fathers and their daughters. I found that odd, but anyways... I turned my head to glare at Simon. He cast me a semi-apologetic glance. I sighed and rolled my eyes. On the bright side, it wasn't like his dad knew who he was with. Cause that would be kind of awkward in the future – considering Mr. Silverton was my lawyer now. \"What's her name?\" Mr. Silverton asked. Did he not realize I could hear this whole conversation? \"Is she good-looking?\" Like seriously? I'm right here! \"Her name is Anna,\" Simon replied, shortening my name. \"And yeah, I guess so. She's not like super hot, but she isn't too bad on the eyes.\" Simon threw me a smile and I glared back at him. I was mad but it was nice to hear the two Silverton's bonding. Even if it was over the phone. And, even if they were talking about me. I went back to looking out the window as they said their 'good lucks' and 'goodbyes'. \"Sorry about that,\" Simon started. \"I was only-\" \"There's a car following us,\" I stated. There was no way I was going anywhere near the conversation Simon and his dad just had. So I brought up our little stalker instead. \"You noticed too?\" Simon asked, glancing up to look into the mirror. \"Who do you suppose they are?\" I shrugged and continued to stare at the other vehicle for awhile. \"I have no idea. But they probably aren't nice,\" I muttered. Simon nodded his head in agreement. I turned the radio up a bit. I wasn't that into music but the song that was playing wasn't too bad. The beat was good, but the lyrics were a bit offensive. Of course, maybe I was just being too analytical. \"Should we try to lose them?\" Simon asked suddenly. I looked behind us. I couldn't make out the driver but I could tell there was a passenger. \"Lets just see what happens,\" I sighed. \"What could they possibly do to us on the highway?\" Simon looked like he was going to reply but thought better of it. It was a rhetorical question after all. I leaned back comfortably in the seat and closed my eyes. \"Taking a nap?\" Simon asked. \"Who's going to give me directions?\" I sat up and looked at the many screens and things in the car. \"Don't you have a GPS or something?\" I asked. Simon pointed at me. I groaned and stared at the map. \"Take that exit.\" I pointed out the window. \"Question.\" \"What?\" Simon asked as he headed towards the exit I had pointed at. \"What exactly are the sleeping arrangements? Do I drive for a little while while you sleep?\" I asked, still looking at the map. \"Hmm, can you drive?\" he asked. I looked up at him. \"Not well,\" I replied. It was true. I had once ran my one of my father's cars over a cat and into an apartment building. That was a terrifying experience and ever since that day I chose to walk everywhere. \"Then no, you will not be driving my car,\" Simon stated. I nodded. \"We can stay in a motel or something.\" I grimaced at the thought. \"Did you bring any money?\" I grabbed my bag and dug through it. I looked around the clothes Lana had packed. I pulled out a small pink wallet. Simon looked over at me and smiled. \"How much?\" he asked. \"Credit card,\" I replied. I tucked the wallet away in the bag and looked back to see if that terrible nuisance of a car was still following us. I wasn't really surprised to still see it there. Although is looked a bit closer than before. I had to push back the urge to wave back at the car's occupants. I knew that would only cause trouble but it seemed like a pretty funny thing to do. \"Sit back in your seat,\" Simon ordered. \"And stop looking at them.\" \"I bet they are Castle haters,\" I mused out loud. \"They probably want to assassinate me so I can never take over the company.\" \"Or they could be security guards your father hired before he died,\" Simon stated. \"So that there would always be someone to watch over you. Maybe they think I kidnapped you or something and they are only trying to protect you.\" \"You're conclusion is a much happier one than mine,\" I laughed. Simon nodded. \"But I don't need protection. I'm a tough cookie.\" I yawned and turned off the radio. \"Simon, tell me, why is meeting Kable so important to you?\" I asked. His blue eyes looked thoughtful as he thought of his response. \"I think, maybe he needs to meet me,\" Simon replied. This confused me. Why would Kable want to meet Simon? The kid who was controlling him through Slayers. Sure Simon had kept him alive, but he was still playing with Kable's life the whole time. \"Or maybe not,\" Simon continued. \"I just … I 'm curious. That's really all there is to it.\" \"You're curious? That's all?\" I asked. Simon shook his head and he looked a bit uncertain now. \"I have no idea what I'm doing. I just want to meet him,\" Simon replied. He looked at me. \"Do I need a reason?\" I shook my head and he returned his attention to the road. \"So, have you made up your mind on whether or not you want to meet him?\" Simon asked after a moment of silence. \"No,\" I replied. \"What if I do? What would he think of me? Would he see this innocent girl who had nothing to do with her father's work? Or would he see just another corrupt being? Someone who wants revenge for their father's death.\" I took a deep breath. Why did I care so much about what he would think? \"You're innocent,\" Simon stated. He looked so sure. \"You would never want revenge.\" He didn't even know me, yet he sounded so convinced. He even had me believing it. We remained silent for the rest of the day. We only had to stop for fuel once. And that's when I got my first real look at the men in the black vehicle. They wore dark shades and some pretty normal clothing. One of the men exited the vehicle. I panicked a bit, but he only went around the car to get gas. I climbed out of Simon's car and joined him by the pump. He was glancing ever so discreetly at the men. I grabbed onto his arm nervously. It's something I had done to my father when I was little and scared. Who knew it could still be a habit of mine. \"Remember their faces,\" Simon said quietly to me. I nodded, my head rubbing against his shoulder. The man who still sat in the car was staring at me. \"I don't like the looks of them,\" I whispered. \"Get back in the car,\" Simon said. I released his arm and did what he told me to do. I locked the doors though. That irritated Simon a bit when he tried to get inside. When night began to fall I could see Simon's eyes start to droop every now and again. I placed a hand on his shoulder, just to make sure he was awake. He glanced over at me. \"Maybe we should stop for the night,\" I suggested. The car was still following us and that made me a bit nervous about stopping but I didn't want to die in a horrible accident because Simon was sleepy and I was an incapable driver. We went to a small motel off the highway. We went from New York to some strange town. I had never left New York and even then I rarely left my home. His new town was quite silent. I was so used to all the sirens and other noises of the city. The man behind the front desk was kind enough in my opinion. He complimented me. He gave us our key and we made our way to our room. \"What a creep,\" Simon muttered as we walked. \"Huh?\" I asked confused. \"He was hitting on you,\" Simon informed me. I never would have known if he hadn't told me. I couldn't help but laugh at my stupidity. \"That's never happened to me before,\" I admitted. Simon unlocked the door. \"Really? Do you never leave your house?\" he asked as he stepped into the room. He turned on the light and looked over the room. It seemed clean enough but it was a motel and I had read enough novels to know what goes on in motels. \"Only to go shopping or attend some sort of academic conference,\" I replied. I closed the door, hoping to God the men wouldn't try to kill me in my sleep. It was a little comforting to know Simon was there with me, but I didn't really trust him with my life. Simon set the picnic basket and his bag that he had been carrying down on a small table that sat against one of the bare walls. He set out some Styrofoam plates and began making a sandwich. I set my bag own on the bed. I grimaced when I noticed there was only one bed. Where on earth was Simon going to sleep? A/N: Apparently (or at least according to Firefox) Simon's , isn't a word. Next update... Soon, maybe even later today or early tomorrow. We'll just have to wait and see. I don't know if I should wait awhile or not.[Chapter 5] *Warning: Another chapter that seems pointless. Chapter 5: Sleep I walked around the small room as Simon made our dinner. There was a small closet on the far side of the room and beside that was a tiny bathroom. On the plus side it also looked clean and there was a shower. I turned on the water to see if it worked and let out a small sigh of relief when it did. The room didn't smell bad either. Maybe I was wrong about my impression of motel's. There was a light tap on my shoulder. I turned around and Simon held out a Styrofoam plate to me. On it sat a PB&J; cut into four triangles. Taking the plate from Simon, I made my way to sit on the center of the bed. Simon sat across from me on the end with his food. \"So, what was your dad like?\" Simon asked. \"He never really did many interviews. Even when he did, no one could ever know him from that.\" I took a bite from one of the triangles and pondered his question. It's not like I really knew my dad. He was just as much a stranger to me as Simon was. I do know he was odd and always said things that made little sense to me. He often left me pondering some meaningless bit of dialogue. \"He was weird,\" I started. Simon gave me a quizzical look. \"How so?\" he asked. There was a little bit of jelly on the edge of his lip, it was bothering me so I just looked away from him. \"Well, he said weird things. He also talked a bit weird,\" I replied. \"But before he died I hadn't even talked to him in, probably, six months or so. He'd relay messages to me. Tell me I was doing well in school. Then of course he'd buy me something. Usually some sort of electronic that I had no use for.\" I sighed and continued to eat. \"So, he tried to be a good father?\" Simon asked. \"I suppose. If that was his version of trying,\" I replied. I finished my sandwich and sat the plate down on the bed. \"I mostly just stayed on my side of the house while he did whatever it was he did on his side. We kept to ourselves... I don't really want to talk about this.\" Simon nodded and went about eating the remainder of his sandwich. He picked up our plates and threw them in a small wastebasket that sat on the floor by the table. He packed up all the food supplies and then opened his bag. \"So, we should probably try and leave before those men wake up,\" Simon stated. \"And what if they aren't sleeping?\" I asked. Simon shrugged. With toothbrush in hand he headed for the small bathroom. \"Well, they have to sleep,\" Simon reasoned. \"Yeah, in shifts maybe.\" Simon didn't say anything more so I assumed he was brushing his teeth. I yawned and grabbed my bag. I pulled out my pajamas, soap and teeth necessities then climbed off the bed. With my personal belongings in hand I headed for the bathroom. I leaned on the door-frame and waited for Simon to finish brushing. He spit in the sink then rinsed his mouth out with water. After rinsing off his toothbrush he put the travel cap back on it. He turned around and leaned against the edge of the sink. \"Why must you think so negatively?\" he asked. I rolled my eyes. \"We can at least try and leave without them noticing.\" \"We can try,\" I agreed. \"But we will most likely fail... Simon, where are you going to sleep?\" \"What do you mean?\" he asked, looking utterly confused. \"In the bed of course.\" \"But-\" I started. \"Grow up, Anna. It's no big deal,\" he stated with a smile. I wanted to argue, but I just didn't have the energy for it. So I let it go. I walked into the bathroom and placed my things down on the counter. Then I pushed Simon out of the room. I closed the door behind him and changed into my night clothes. Then I washed my face with soap and brushed away the bits of peanut butter and jelly sandwich from my teeth. I left my clothes and hygiene products in the bathroom. When I walked back into the main room Simon was laying on the bed. I strode across the room and looked down at him. He was laying on his side, eyes closed and he of course was snoring ever so softly. I let out a frustrated sigh, turned off the light and then walked around to the other side of the bed. I don't like sharing things with people, probably a side-effect of being an only child, and sharing a bed with Simon was just going to be odd. I peeled back the comforter and climbed into bed. Luckily the bed was big enough for two people, but still, I had never been in a bed with a boy before... Or a girl for that matter -but that's beside the point. The pillow smelled like laundry detergent but I still thought back to those novels I'd read and the movies I'd watched. People could have had sex in the bed I was laying in. On the same sheets that made contact with my pajamas. A shudder passed through my body and I forced the thoughts from my mind. I glanced at the clock, it was only nine o'clock. I was finding it difficult to sleep but I managed to eventually. xXx I awoke in the middle of the night to find myself uncovered. I looked over at Simon. He looked all snugly and warm wrapped up in the blanket. I wanted to physically harm him, but decided against it. Instead I sat up and looked at the alarm clock beside the bed. In bright red the time was displayed. 1:47 I groaned. I wasn't even tired anymore. So I got out of the bed and walked over to the single window in the room. It faced the parking lot. I glanced out the window. That evil black car sat out there. Sure enough, one man seemed to be dozing while the other was busy messing with some device in his hands. I pulled the curtains together and turned away from the window. There was no way we were going to leave this place without them knowing. Maybe we could just confront them and ask what it is they want. That wasn't the best thing we could do, but there weren't many options. To clear my head I decided on a hot shower, although I really wasn't looking forward to using a towel someone else had used before. After my shower I felt much more relaxed. When I returned to the main room I was fully dressed in jeans, t-shirt and a large hoodie. Probably one of the most comfortable outfits in the world. I pulled my long hair up into a ponytail. A TV was mounted against one wall. I turned it on, just for some noise to fill the vast silence. I sat on the floor, leaning my back against the foot of the bed. I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew bright light was flooding through the thin curtains. I rubbed my eyes groggily and looked around the room. The bathroom door was closed and Simon wasn't in the bed. I stood up as the bathroom door opened. Simon walked out, hair dripping water onto the carpet. He was shirtless but at least he had pants on. \"Sleep well?\" I asked sarcastically. He looked over at me and grinned. \"Why yes. I did,\" he replied. The urge to physically harm him resurfaced. I stood up and began packing my things. \"Want something for breakfast?\" I zipped up my bag and headed over to the picnic basket. I looked inside, hoping for something that wasn't PB&J; related. There was a box of Pop-Tarts much to my relief and I grabbed one. \"So I think maybe we should just confront those fuckers,\" Simon stated. So he was thinking along the same lines as me. \"What could possibly happen?\" \"Um, well, not to be negative or anything, they could kill us,\" I replied, then quickly added, \"But I'm not rejecting your idea.\" Simon pulled on a t-shirt and then grabbed his bag and the basket. He led me out of the room and we made our way to the main office. The man from the night before had been replaced by an older woman. She had wild curly gray hair and had on bright make-up. Simon set our key down on the desk in front of the woman. \"Did you enjoy your stay?\" she asked, eying us as if we did something in the room. Simon flashed her a smile. \"It was wonderful,\" he replied, lacing his free arm around my waist and pulling my closer to him. I rolled my eyes. The woman smiled knowingly and I only hoped she didn't think I was some slutty teenager. Simon released me and we put our belongings in his car. \"So, what do we say to them?\" I asked as Simon closed his door. I walked around the car to stand beside him. Simon didn't respond, just started making his way to the black car across the parking lot. I followed behind him. Suddenly I changed my mind. A confrontation did not sound appealing at all. What if they had guns or something? I caught up to Simon and clung to his arm nervously. He looked down at me and gave me a reassuring smile. I still didn't trust him with my life, but he was better than nothing. When we arrived at the parked vehicle, Simon tapped on the window. When there was no response Simon bent down to look inside. He stood straight after a moment. \"There's no one in there,\" he said. I bent down to check for myself. Once I confirmed there was no one inside I stood and looked around the parking lot. There was no one in sight. Just other parked cars. I looked up at Simon. \"Where are they?\" A/N: Yes, I'm a quick updater. Now, I will tell you this because I just feel like I should- Actual stuff will be happening in this story soon. It's about to pick up it's pace (hopefully). Also, I'd like to say, I may not update for a couple days. My mom is off work for 3 days in a row so I may be doing other things. And I'd start writing the next chapter now, but sadly the house is a mess and I have to clean it.[Chapter 6] * Coming to you from a sleep deprived, teenage girl who has been listening to Justin Bieber and Lady Gaga for hours on end. Chapter 6: Happy Birthday When I heard footsteps on the gravel covered parking lot my heart almost stopped. I clutched Simon's arm tighter and tried taking a deep breath before turning to the noise. Two men were looking at us, or I assumed they were looking at us, it was hard to tell because their shades were awfully dark. They were both tall men, but not really muscular. Kind of lanky actually. But still, they had this sort of scary, intimidation about them. And actually, they looked kind of familiar. I bit my bottom lip in thought, but I couldn't place them. Maybe I was imagining things. \"Miss Castle, we want you to come with us,\" one of the men said. \"Well, I don't want to go with you,\" I stated, trying desperately not to sound scared or nervous. My voice was a little shaky though. I was praying to God that they weren't armed. The men smirked in my direction. \"We don't really care what you want,\" the other man stated. He stepped forward. Simon moved to stand in front of me. I released my death grip on his arm. \"Look, she says she doesn't want to go with you,\" Simon started. \"What do you want with her anyways?\" Of course he'd ask that. He was just a curious person. \"That's none of your business young man,\" he replied. \"Hand her over.\" \"We don't want to hurt you,\" the other man said. I walked around Simon. \"Who are you working for?\" I asked. The men were still smirking at me. I could tell they didn't like me. They were not my friends but my enemies. I inhaled sharply, trying to stay calm. To be as brave as possible. \"If you come with us you'll get to meet him yourself,\" he replied. That wasn't what I wanted to hear. I grabbed Simon by the arm and began to drag him back to his car. \"Where do you think you're going?\" \"Leaving,\" I sighed. \"You're wasting my time.\" A moment later I heard a small click. Simon looked down at me and I looked up at him. He looked just as scared as I felt. We both glanced behind us quickly. Both men held a pistol in their hand. They looked ready to fire if we took another step. \"Run,\" Simon said softly. He didn't have to tell me twice. I started for his car. Shots rang out and left a slight ringing in my ears. I was shaking as I grabbed the handle on the driver's side door. I grabbed the keys that sat on the seat and hurriedly jammed the car key into the ignition as I slid into the sear. I slammed the door shut once I had the car started. I let out a small shriek when Simon opened the passenger's side door and plopped down into the seat next to me. I tried to calm down as I put the car in reverse and headed out of the parking lot. Dust flew up around the car and I couldn't see the two men. Which was fine with me, although I'm pretty sure they managed to shoot Simon's car in a couple places. I headed towards the highway. I was still shaking but was feeling relatively calm. Sure I had just had guns fired at me, but I was alive. For now at least. I glanced over in Simon's direction. He was obviously a little freaked too. His blue eyes were open wide and his hands were shaking. His breathing was a bit ragged. This was the boy who controlled Kable? Well, it was just a game. In a manner of speaking of course. Playing with people's lives isn't really a game. I turned my attention back to the road. I didn't want to die in a car accident because I was too busy staring at Simon. \"Are you okay?\" he asked. I felt his eyes on me. I nodded, not trusting my voice. I gripped the steering wheel tightly. Simon looked back and quickly returned his attention to the front. I had a feeling the men were still following us. But I could have just been paranoid and Simon was just nervous. Wishful thinking I suppose. \"What are we going to do?\" I practically cried. I was trying to keep my tears and my fear in check but I could feel my control slipping. I needed to pull over. Let him drive. So I pulled over. I couldn't handle it. I was too scared. \"We don't have time to stop,\" Simon shouted, making me flinch. I got out of the car and heard Simon growl in frustration. Then he got out of the car and walked to my side. I felt tears slip from my eyes. I covered my face with my hands and tried to fight back a sob. I was so scared. I could have died. Simon could have died. What did those men want with me? Why did they want to kill me? I felt Simon place a hand awkwardly on my shoulder. I let my hands drop to my side and looked up at him. \"We have to get going,\" he stated. I nodded in agreement and began walking around the car to the passenger's side. I climbed into the seat and buckled up. Simon was already in the car. \"Everything will be alright.\" I didn't believe him. But it was nice to hear. XXX We rode in silence for a couple hours. We hadn't seen the black car or it's evil passenger's but that didn't necessarily mean they weren't still after us. Or more specifically me. I felt terrible. It wasn't my fault, not entirely, but Simon was in danger. He should have just abandoned me at that motel. Handed me over to those guys. But he wasn't as selfish as people might think him to be. I'm not saying he's not selfish, he was still dragging me along on his ridiculous quest to meet Kable after all. The sound of Simon's car ringing broke the soon-to-become-awkward silence that had filled the vehicle. I looked at the screen that displayed the name, Devil Spawn . I threw Simon a quizzical look. What kind of name was Devil Spawn? \"Hello?\" Simon said answering the call. \"Happy birthday, Shit-wad,\" a female voice said. I almost laughed, but thought better of it. \"Dad says you were out with a girl yesterday, I was shocked. So what are you doing today? Leaving home for good?\" She sounded hopeful. \"No, I'm just on a little road trip,\" Simon replied. He looked irritated. \"Why did you call?\" \"Just to say happy birthday,\" the girl said. \"And make sure you were still alive. Mom was a bit worried. You know how she gets sometimes.\" \"Is that it then?\" he asked. The girl didn't respond, just hung up. Simon let out an annoyed sigh along with an eye roll. \"It's your birthday?\" I asked. Man did I feel bad. Because of me he could have died – on his birthday . How ironic would that have been? Of course there was still the possibility of that happening. \"Yeah,\" Simon said. \"Why didn't you tell me?\" I asked. Not that he had to tell me that kind of thing. But I was just a tad hurt that he didn't mention it. I would have told him if it was my birthday. \"It's no big deal,\" Simon sighed. He threw me a smile. To him it really was no big deal. Just another day in the year. \"But, you're eighteen now, right?\" I asked. Simon nodded. \"You should be celebrating. Don't teenagers go clubbing or something on their eighteenth birthday?\" I really had no idea what teens did for their birthdays. I hadn't celebrated my birthday in a long time. Lana had tried to make things a bit festive but it's not like she had loads of people she could invite over. \"They probably do,\" Simon replied. \"But really, it's no big deal. I have plenty of time to go clubbing.\" That's what he thought. With the way things were going now - No . I wouldn't think about that. No one was going to die. \"Happy birthday,\" I said after a moment of silence and without thinking I planted an innocent kiss on his cheek. \"Thanks,\" Simon replied. He wore a contagious smile and I was soon smiling too. So, it wasn't the greatest day of my life but it wasn't the worst either. Not that I knew that then. XXX The sun had just risen to its highest point. The highway was traffic free despite the time of day and Simon was speeding. I was only a little terrified. \"So... Do you think they'll come after us?\" I asked. Simon nodded. \"How long until they find us?\" Simon shrugged. He wasn't helping matters. Not at all. He should have been reassuring me or at least contributing to the conversation. I pursed my lips and looked at the glove box. \"So, you have a sister... Older or younger?\" \"Younger,\" Simon replied. \"What's her name?\" \"Shelly.\" \"What's it like having a sibling?\" I asked. Simon looked at me. It made me nervous to have his eyes straying from the road. \"What's with the questions?\" he asked in turn. \"What? You're allowed to ask question's about my family but I'm not allowed to ask about yours?\" I questioned. Simon looked back to the road. \"She's the most annoying person I know,\" Simon stated with a smile. \"Although, you're getting up there.\" I knew he was joking so I didn't let it get to me. I was getting used to his light teasing. \"I'm sure she's not that bad,\" I sighed. Simon shook his head in disagreement but didn't comment further. Simon's eyes wandered up to the rear view mirror. \"Shit!\" he cursed loudly. I didn't dare look back at the car that was surely following us. I sunk low into my seat. \"We can't escape them. They'll keep following us until they get me,\" I said quietly. \"Well, they aren't going to get you . I'm sure once we get to Kable he can handle them,\" Simon stated. \"And what? Risk getting put back in prison?\" I asked. \"Well, he could at least scare them off,\" Simon replied. I shook my head. \"We just need to know why they want me,\" I said. What could it possibly be? Could they be K-Soft haters? Creepy child molesters? Rapists? Well, those last two were silly. \"They probably want to stop you from taking over as head of K-Soft,\" Simon said. Of course he would voice the most logical answer aloud. \"They don't know that you're a good person. They, or whoever they're working for, probably assumed that once you turn eighteen you're going to turn into the power hungry company head that your father was.\" I knew he was right. That was really the only reason those men would be trying to get me. And the only reason that it didn't really matter if they killed me. But how could I ever convince them that I wasn't like Ken Castle? But if they really wanted to just kill me, they could have blown up Simon's car or something. So either, they didn't necessarily want to kill me or they were just trying to spare Simon's life. I wasn't sure which I preferred. A/N: I have the largest headache ever. This chapter was kind of boring to me, but I hope the next one will be better. And I'm not sure what Simon's sisters name or age is, but it's not like the movie ever tells you so I can do whatever I want with that. Well, I'll probably update tomorrow. I've been thinking of some neat action (action-y?) sequences that I want to put in there, so I'm hoping to add those soon.[Chapter 7] *I recommend listening to Limp Bizkit and Tone Loc while writing... It's interesting. Chapter 7: My Dad Is Going To Kill Me Simon ate a sandwich as he drove. How he could eat with everything that was going on was beyond me. I was busy keeping an eye on our little 'friends' and the thought of food made me feel more than a little sick. Luckily, more cars were on the highway at this time of day, so I was hopeful that the evil men wouldn't do anything to harm us. But you can never know with evil men. \"You should eat,\" Simon said with his mouth full of the last of his sandwich, his eyes left the road as he wiped crumbs of his shirt and pants. I sighed and dug into the picnic basket. I wouldn't argue and I didn't want him to nag - although I'm not sure that he would. I pulled out a bag of potato chips and a bottle of warm water. Simon glanced over at me. \"That's not food.\" \"Uh, yeah it is,\" I stated. \"And it's what I'm eating so get over it.\" My voice was a bit on the rude side but I didn't care. I just wanted to be back at my home. \"Whoa, someone's crabby,\" Simon said under his breath. You'd think that he'd know that's not something you say to a girl. He has a sister after all. I fought back the urge to hit him and opened the bag of chips. The black car was closer to us than it had ever been before. I glared at the men in the mirror. I dropped my bag of chips when one of the men stuck his arm out of his window and aimed his gun at Simon's car. I turned in my seat. \"Simon-!\" I yelled. Before I could continue the glass in the back window shattered. \"Fuck!\" Simon yelled, ducking down at the noise. Another shot was fired. The bullet lodging itself into the back of Simon's seat. He pulled into the next lane – without using his blinker I might add. The car behind us honked annoyingly and Simon gave them the finger. I felt like I was on the brink of having a panic attack. I sank low into the seat and tried to keep an eye on the black car. I could barely see it in the mirror on the door. Simon continued switching lanes and the black car was determined to follow. \"I can't believe they did that,\" Simon said. He looked behind him and at the glass that covered the back seat. \"My dad is going to kill me.\" \"They shot at us in front of people,\" I started, completely ignoring Simon. \"Maybe someone will be brave enough to call the cops.\" \"What am I going to tell him?\" Simon continued. \"Hey, Dad, guess what happened? Some fucking psychos shot the back window out?\" \"I mean, someone's got to help us, right?\" I asked. Simon shook his head. \"What?\" he asked. \"Never mind,\" I muttered in response. I wouldn't dwell on it. I couldn't. It would bother me too much. \"Lets go to the police.\" \"What? No way,\" Simon stated. \"Why not?\" I asked. \"We're making good progress,\" Simon replied. Good Progress? What, does he only care about meeting Kable and nothing else? \"You have to be fuckin' kidding me,\" I growled. \"Good progress? That's your excuse? Simon, we could have died!\" \"We're alive,\" Simon stated. \"For how much longer though?\" I asked. Simon didn't reply. He just stared straight ahead. I looked back at the black car. The passenger gave me a little wave, gun in hand. I turned back around in my seat quickly. \"I hope you know what you're doing,\" I mumbled under my breath. Simon cast me a wary glance but quickly returned his attention to the road. A/N: I'm sorry it took me so long to update and it's such a tiny update at that. My sleeping schedule is all messed up and all my hours awake are spent playing Final Fantasy XIII or Halo 3. I have an addiction to both games and it's becoming a problem.[Chapter 8] *Mr. Boombastic is such a catchy song. I like to sing along to it, but I feel a little awkward when I do. Chapter 8: Close Call Without me even realizing it, tears had started a slow descent down my cheeks. I noticed once one of the tears touched my lips, leaving a salty taste in its wake. I wiped at my face. It had been a very stressful couple days. I had never had to deal with stress before, well aside from that little bit you can get when waiting for the score on a test or something along those lines. \"I'm sorry,\" Simon said, breaking the silence. I turned to him with a quizzical look. What was he talking about. \"For what?\" I asked completely confused. Sure he had a lot to apologize for – like driving like he was in a race for instance. But that really wasn't a big deal. \"Making you cry,\" he replied with a guilty look on his face. \"Oh... You didn't,\" I stated. I gave him a small smile and willed my tears to stop. \"I'm just... Scared I suppose.\" \"So am I,\" Simon admitted with a nod of his head. I noticed every once in awhile he would eye the rear view mirror. That wasn't helping my being scared. \"Do you think they'll shoot at us again?\" I bit my bottom lip in thought. I would bet a lot of money they would shoot again. I didn't tell Simon that. I didn't think that was something he wanted to hear. So I decided not to reply. Simon leaned forward in his seat. His eyes squinted as he looked ahead. \"What...\" he started. I looked in the direction he was staring. Ahead of us a car was flipped over and hit the car behind it. The cars in front of us screeched to a halt, some hitting other cars in the process. Simon applied pressure to the brake too quickly. I hit my head on the dash. \"Ow,\" I groaned as I placed a hand to my head. People started getting out of their cars. I unbuckled my seat belt as did Simon. \"You don't suppose those guys are behind this, do you?\" \"I don't know,\" Simon muttered. He looked over at me. \"Oh shit! Are you okay?\" \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" I replied. I looked at my hand which had a bit of blood on it from touching my forehead. \"It's just a little wound.\" \"Annabel-\" Simon started. He was looking behind me. The window behind me was broken open. I let out a shriek as the window's glass was sprayed over me. Simon grabbed onto my arm as I was being pulled from the car. His hand slid down to mine and I grabbed on tightly. \"Let go of me,\" I shouted at whoever was pulling me out of Simon's car. They gave one giant tug and I was falling backwards onto them. I tried standing but moved too quickly. My head started pounding. Stupid dashboard! I heard Simon scramble out of his car. I turned to face whoever it was that pulled me out of the car. I had a feeling it was one of those stupid assholes who were after me. As I faced the man Simon ran over and punched the guy in the face. My hands flew to my mouth as I gasped. People were staring of course. The other guy got out of the black car and grabbed hold of me. \"Simon!\" I shouted. Simon's attention strayed from the man he was attacking. His eyes widened at the sight of me being dragged away. \"Hey man,\" I heard someone say to the guy dragging me away. \"What are you doing?\" \"Mind your own business,\" the man replied. I tried to pull away. I felt the man's lips close to my ear. \"None of that.\" \"Annabel,\" Simon shouted before getting hit in the face by the other man. I closed my eyes not wanting to see anything more happen to him. \"Let me go,\" I said quietly. I opened my eyes. Somehow, Simon had managed to get away from the man and was making his way to us. The man who was holding onto me opened the back door of the car and started to push me inside. I pushed against him trying to buy just a second of time. Simon hit the man in the jaw forcing him back. I jumped out of the black vehicle and started towards Simon. I heard a shot ring out. That stupid pistol. The bullet hit the car door. Another shot fired and Simon moved just in time. Simon and I made our way back to his car. I climbed into my seat and tried to ignore the broken glass. Simon started the car and looked around for some way out. Cars were parked crazily along the highway. The man with the gun shot at me and missed by less than an inch, hitting the window frame instead. \"Just go!\" I shouted. People dodged Simon's car as he made a slow progression through the cars. I could see a small dirt path up ahead. I pointed at it and Simon nodded. XXX \"Well, I suppose we don't have to worry about them for a little while,\" Simon sighed as we headed along the dirt path. We'd been traveling along the path for only a few minutes but I was already getting impatient with it. \"Are you okay?\" I nodded numbly and wrapped my arms around myself. That was probably the scariest moment of my life, I thought to myself. Those men really were psychos. They must be getting paid a good deal of money. Simon stopped the car and turned his blue eyes on me. \"You can't possibly be okay,\" Simon stated. \"What just happened-\" \"I don't really want to think about it,\" I interrupted. I picked at some pieces of glass and threw them out the window. \"Do you want to go to the police?\" Simon asked. I shook my head. \"I'm sure they've heard about it by now anyways,\" I replied. \"Lets just keep going okay? The sooner you meet Kable the sooner I can go home and hide out in my room.\" \"I can meet Kable anytime,\" Simon said after a moment. \"We can go back to the city\" \"But then all of this was for nothing,\" I stated. \"Lets just go. We don't really have time to sit here and debate this.\" Simon nodded and started the car. He kept along the dirt path. I turned on the radio for a distraction and decided to go through my bag of things. An hour later we were in a small city. The tall buildings and gray sky made me feel more at home. \"We're only a day or two away from Kable,\" Simon said. I nodded. Simon parked the car beside a tiny park. \"Lets clean up the car a bit and then find someplace to stay.\" I got out of the car and started picking at the glass. There was a trashcan not far from where Simon parked. Once the car was rid of the glass from the windows we ate a small dinner at a diner that was placed across the street from the park. \"Because I can't think of anything else to ask,\" Simon started, \"Have you come to a decision on whether or not you will be speaking with Kable?\" \"Nope,\" I replied. I finished off my iced tea and leaned back in the booth. \"I'll say hi maybe... But I don't have anything to say to him.\" \"Not even a 'thank you'?\" Simon asked with a smile. I truly hoped he was kidding. Noticing my glare in his direction Simon's smile faded. \"I was only joking... So, how bout those bad guys?\" I stood up from the booth and headed for the ladies room. I had no intention to talk about them. I cleaned off the bit of blood that had dried to my forehead and clung to my hair. When I returned to the booth Simon was looking a bit nervous. \"Simon?\" I asked. He jumped and turned to me. \"We should really be getting out of here,\" Simon replied. I looked out of the big window of the diner. I didn't see anything disturbing out there. I threw Simon an odd look as he stood. He grabbed my hand and dragged me out of the diner. He peered along the sidewalk uneasily. \"What are you doing?\" I asked with a little laugh. He was acting so strange. \"Annabel,\" Simon started. \"I think someone else is following us.\" \"What?\" I asked all serious now. \"How could they find us?\" \"You must have some sort of tracking device in you,\" Simon replied. He had a small smile on his face. It's crazy how he can try to be humorous in a situation like this. Or perhaps he was trying to lighten the atmosphere. I had no idea. Simon confused me a little. I decided not to remind him that we weren't in a spy movie. \"Well, is it the two men from before?\" I asked. Simon shook his head. \"It's a man and a woman this time,\" Simon replied. \"I saw them check out my car. When they didn't see us in the park or anywhere around the vehicle they took off down the street.\" \"Well, then it could just have been some nosy couple,\" I stated. I squeezed Simon's hand reassuringly although I highly doubted it was a nosy couple. I started to cross the street with Simon right beside me. A/N: I have more action-y things planned and an ending in mind, although I'm not sure when it will be ending, but it's in mind! Also, there will be a couple of chapters in Simon's POV but I'm not sure when that will be happening. Soon I think. I've have the rest of the story in my mind. And there are two new 'bad guys'. The previous two are pretty much absent now.[Chapter 9] *Listening to Disney soundtracks...and John Mayer Chapter 9: First Kiss Simon and I checked into a hotel. The room was nice. I couldn't wait to bathe and sleep in the nice big bed. You gotta love credit cards. Simon turned on the TV and switched it to the news. There was a report about the accident on the highway. The news reporter also mentioned reports of a skirmish between two teens and two older men. All four of which had fled the scene. \"We made the news,\" Simon sighed, laying down on the bed beside me. He shot me a small smile, looking a little pleased with himself. \"Did they say what started the accident?\" I asked. Simon shook his head. \"I hope no one was killed or severely hurt.\" \"I think everyone's okay,\" Simon said. \"Do you think the accident was planned? Maybe it was intended for us or to at least slow us down,\" I muttered. \"Well, it worked. They almost had you,\" Simon replied. \"But of course, I saved the day.\" \"No need to get cocky about it,\" I grimaced. I had liked to think that maybe I could take care of myself. The fact that Simon had to save me practically murdered my self-confidence. I yawned, my energy depleted from the 'excitement' of the day. I sat up on the bed and announced I was going to take a shower. Afterward, I felt cleaner and much more relaxed. The hotel was much nicer than the motel we had stayed at the night before. It also smelled slightly of apple. Which I found slightly odd, but it was nice anyways. \"I think I'll take a shower in the morning,\" Simon sighed as I left the bathroom. He was already snuggled under the blankets and he had turned off the lights. The glow from the TV illuminated the room luckily, so I could find my way to the bed. I climbed into bed and stared at the ceiling, wondering if we could make it to Kable without encountering anymore crazy psychos who were out to get me. I shook my head clear of the thought and decided to think about the last book I had read. It was a much happier thought than crazy psychos... Although the main character had killed herself in the end. \"Annabel,\" Simon said quietly. I rolled onto my side and looked into his blue eyes. \"Even though the past two days have been kind of scary, I've actually had fun.\" I rolled my eyes at him and forced myself not to say something sarcastic. \"I suppose it has been kind of fun,\" I lied. He was crazy to think that what we'd been through was fun. \"I've never been through something so exciting – Well, not in real life. Just in video games have I ever gone through something that's filled me with adrenaline,\" Simon said. \"So, I'm glad I brought you along, even if it does get me killed.\" \"Thanks?\" I asked, my eyebrows furrowing. Simon laughed at my expression. Then he did something that took me completely by surprise. He shifted himself closer to me and planted a soft kiss on my lips. It was brief but still surprising. My heart started racing and I was more than a little dizzy from my rushing thoughts. I had never been kissed before and I hadn't been expecting it. I was also a little confused. I didn't think that we liked each other – not like that at least. I had thought we were just starting to become friends. \"Annabel?\" Simon asked, interrupting my thoughts. \"Huh?\" \"Are you okay?\" he asked, a half-smile on his lips. I blinked a couple times to clear my head. \"Uh, yeah. I'm fine,\" I replied. \"Just a little... Bewildered.\" \"Is that good or bad?\" Simon asked, not looking at all worried. \"I'm not sure yet,\" I replied. When I awoke, Simon had already showered and was dressed in clean clothes. He was watching a cartoon on TV and eating a plate of eggs and bacon. I guessed he ordered room service. He seemed to notice that I had awakened and offered a piece of bacon to me. I shook my head at the greasy piece of meat. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a vegetarian, I'm just not a big fan of bacon. \"We'll need to be leaving soon,\" I stated, rubbing the sleep from my eyes. I pulled my still damp hair into a bun and stretched my arms above my head. \"Okay, I have a question,\" Simon started. I groaned and hoped it wasn't another annoying, personal question. \"After all this is over, will you be paying to replace the windows in my car?\" I threw a pillow at him, hitting him in the face. \"Hey! It's only fair.\" He gripped the pillow tightly and lifted it has if he was going to throw it back at me, which he did not. Instead he got up from the chair he was sitting on and tackled me, forcing my flat on the bed. \"I shall not be replacing your windows,\" I said haughtily, trying to push him of me. \"I'm sure your daddy can afford it.\" \"Hey, you have more money than my father,\" Simon said, moving to pin my arms down so I couldn't hit him. He kissed me again, this time a little rougher. I won't deny that I liked it, but I felt that I didn't know him quite well enough to be letting him plant kisses on my lips. But I wasn't sure how relationships worked, I had never been in one. Sure, I had read a lot of romance novels, but I had found those girls quite odd for letting themselves fall for boys so easily. \"Fine, I'll pay, but only if you get off of me,\" I said against his soft lips. Simon flashed me a smile and helped me off the bed. \"I'm going to get dressed and then we are leaving. Got it.\" Simon nodded and began to finish his meal quickly. A/N: The next chapter will have action in it, I just don't want to work on this anymore, I want to watch Firefly . I haven't been home for a week, so I didn't have a way to write this chapter, it's not like I didn't have access to a computer or internet, but I forgot to put the already started chapter on a flashdrive, so therefore... No update :( , Sorry. And also, I'd like to thank everyone who has reviewed or added this to their story alert thing (there's like 15 of you, and that makes me happy). Anyways, expect another update soon (not lying).[Chapter 10] *Woot! Chapter ten! I'm only a little excited that I made it this far, and more than a little amazed that I haven't had any real writer's block for this fic. Chapter 10: Dumpster I pulled my bag onto my shoulder and followed Simon out of the pretty hotel room. I sure was going to miss it. Not only did it smell nice, have a shower and a comfy bed; but it was also where Simon had blessed me with my first kiss. I blushed slightly at the thought and couldn't help smiling to myself. Simon looked back at me and caught me grinning like a fool. He smiled at me. \"What are you smiling about?\" he asked, reaching out to take my hand in his. \"Nothing,\" I said quickly. He leaned down slightly to brush my forehead with his lips. \"So, you'll be meeting Kable soon...\" \"Yep,\" Simon said with a grin. I could tell he was excited. \"I've decided,\" I started, \"that perhaps I'll meet Kable too. Though, do you suppose we should call him by his real name?\" \"I suppose so,\" Simon agreed as he pushed the elevator call button. \"He probably doesn't like Kable too much.\" When the elevator dinged and opened, two adults stood inside, dressed in leather and looking very Matrix-y. I about laughed until I saw the look in their eyes. Simon gripped my hand tightly. \"It's them,\" he said softly, barely moving his lips. The female of the pair smirked in our direction and reached a hand into her long leather jacket. Simon took off down the hall, towards the stairwell, pulling me along behind him. \"Simon, they have guns!\" I said, glancing back at the pair. They were pointing their shiny pistols at me. Simon pulled me into the stairwell and headed up. \"Simon, what are you doing? We need to go down!\" \"Just trust me,\" he stated. I went to argue but he threw me a pleading look and I nodded once to tell him that I trusted him, although I wasn't quite sure I did. We reached the rooftop in no time and I was tired from running up stairs. I took a deep breath and looked around for a fire escape or something. Simon walked around the edge and stopped suddenly, I about ran into him, but managed to stop just short of colliding into his back. I looked over the edge to see what he was looking at. A large dumpster sat in the alleyway below us, close to the building. Granted we weren't really high off the ground, just a few floors, I was not liking what Simon was most likely thinking. \"Lets jump,\" he suggested. I shook my head fiercely. \"Annabel, we have to do this. Look, they aren't here yet, but they'll be here soon. We have to-\" \"We don't have to! This is insane. We could die,\" I said quickly. There was no way he was getting me to jump down there, or so I told myself. Not only would it smell terrible, we could miss completely. \"We'll also be dead if they catch us. Come on,\" Simon stated. For some reason I felt as if he was enjoying the thought of jumping into a disgusting dumpster. Did he not realize what was inside dumpsters? I made a face, but agreed to jump. As I was falling towards the giant trash bin I only hoped we wouldn't miss. Sure, it was quite a large target, but you never know. When I landed, I felt a big black bag deflate a bit beneath me and the smell of rotting food wafted up to my nostrils. I fought back the bile rising in my throat and tried not to gag too loudly. I was just a little disoriented from the impact and I could tell Simon was as well. He made a face at the smell of the garbage and began to fight his way out of the dumpster. I did the same and as I was about to lift myself out of the bin, I heard the click of a gun. I looked in front of me and stared down the barrel of a pistol. I gulped outwardly and realized why the pair hadn't been on the roof with us. The man of the two reached up and grabbed my t-shirt, dragging me out of the dumpster. The woman trained her gun on Simon to keep him from doing anything 'stupid'. Once I was out of the dumpster, the man lead me down the alley, the woman followed but still she faced Simon, her gun level with his head. \"Shit,\" I heard Simon swear loudly as I was pushed roughly into the backseat of a nice, black car. There was a glass divider between me and the enemy. The doors in the backseat did not have handles or any way to open the windows from the inside, therefore there was no way for me to try and escape. And I had a good feeling the windows were bulletproof or something, so I wasn't about to try kicking them out. I sighed and leaned back into the leather seat. I watched the buildings rush by through the tinted windows. They didn't travel all that far before stopping outside a seemingly deserted building. \"Come on,\" the woman growled, after opening my door. I climbed out of the back of the car and followed her into the building. I didn't try and run. The man had a gun pressed into my back. It was quite scary too. I was ready to cry. The building was dark and full of cobwebs. A little light filtered through the grimy windows and a few holes in the ceiling. The woman stopped outside a wooden door and knocked three times. The door opened to reveal a burly, bald man. He let the woman pass and she grabbed onto my arm roughly and threw me forward. I stumbled a bit, and once I had steadied myself I took a look around the room. My eyes stopped on the slight woman sitting in an armchair against the farthest wall. I gasped once I realized who it was. \"What's going on?\" I asked. A/N: I've been writing some pretty short chapters lately. Sorry, I just find good stopping points. The next chapter will be in Simon's point of view for the first part and then it'll be back to Annabel's. The chapter after that might be the same way. I can't write a chapter solely in his point of view because it wouldn't really fit the story, plus I don't want to completely ruin his personality or anything. And I updated quickly this time. Only because I feel a little guilty for taking so long and because I'm getting closer to an ending, although I will miss writing this story.[Chapter 11] *My siblings are back in school... I'm all alone here, all day, every day. :( Chapter 11: Plans and Deals Simon's POV I climbed out of the disgusting dumpster as the two strangers took Annabel away. This was just fucking great. After working so hard not to let her be captured – this happens! I headed for the hotel's parking lot and to my car. I hoped they would go the speed limit and I may have time to catch up. After quickly getting situated into the driver's seat, I started the car and headed after Annabel's 'nappers. I spotted their car at the stoplight a few streets north of the hotel. And I know it wasn't just a car that looked like theirs because I had memorized their license plate number when I had seen them the night before. But there were multiple cars between me and them. It was more than frustrating to say the least, but I tried to keep a cool head and not start honking the horn like an idiot. \"Fuck,\" I swore loudly to let out some of my pent up frustration. The old lady in the car next to me glared in my direction, making me think briefly that maybe I should watch my mouth, but of course I quickly dismissed the thought (freedom of speech and all that shit, ya know?). Once the light turned green I kept my eyes focused on that stupid, shiny black car. I followed them into a desolate neighborhood just on the outskirts of the main city. There were a few hobos and prostitutes around and I wished I had windows to protect me from them. The car stopped in front of a shabby building made mostly of rusted sheets of metal. I parked out of their direct line of sight and watched as Annabel was beckoned out of the vehicle by the woman of the two 'nappers. Once they were inside the building I had some debating to do. I could either follow after them and risk being killed. Who knows how many others could be inside and whether or not they were armed. And I decided my other option, which was to continue on to Kable – I mean John Tillman – and implore his help, was a much better choice. If anyone could help me successfully rescue of Annabel, it was John. But he could always say 'no'. I shook the thought from my mind. I had helped him through a great deal. He owed me one. So I sped away from that street and headed to the Tillman's residence. It wasn't far from my current location. Maybe only an hour or two away if I sped a little. And at least I wouldn't have Annabel nagging at me to slow down. Annabel's POV \"What's going on?\" I asked. I was utterly confused. This wasn't a situation I thought I'd ever find myself in. Sure, I had imagined a kidnapping commissioned by some crazy Slayers hater, but not from her . \"Annabel,\" she started. The woman stood form her chair and walked slowly to stand in front of me. She gingerly stroked my cheek. \"I am sorry about all this. Mother will be here soon. She's still on her way from New York. She didn't want to come all the way out here until we had you in our 'lair'.\" She even used finger quotations. \"Dina,\" I nearly sobbed as the gun was pressed harder into my back, discouraging any sudden movements on my part. \"Why? I don't understand.\" Dina, my housekeeper's oldest daughter, looked sadly at me. She made her way back to the chair she had recently vacated. I felt the gun leave my back and then my wrists were being taped together. I was pushed down onto my knees. \"Mom said this was the only way to get papa out of prison,\" Dina stated. \"He did some bad things you see. And we really need some of that Castle fortune. Not only to get daddy out of prison, but to leave the country and settle down at a nice estate in Spain.\" The woman smiled brightly at the thought. \"And all we have to do is kill you and mother gets everything. Your home, your car, your money and even K-Soft. Turns out she was in the will you poor daddy left behind.\" \"Lana's behind all this?\" I asked, my fear becoming reality. I felt sick to my stomach. The only mother figure I ever had was behind my kidnapping and what was sure to be my impending death. I took a deep breath. \"She could have just asked. I would have given her the money.\" \"Dear Anna,\" Dina sighed. \"I mentioned that to her already. But mother can be greedy sometimes.\" This situation wasn't making much sense to me. I had trusted Lana and her family. I loved them, they were more of a family to me than my own father. I just couldn't wrap my mind around the situation at hand. \"When will Lana be here?\" I asked. I was hoping I would have enough time to work out some sort of deal I could make with Lana. I knew she could be stubborn, but she had practically raised me – she couldn't just kill me, could she? Dina shrugged and let out a yawn. \"Soon, a couple hours maybe,\" Dina replied. \"I have no idea.\" If all else fails, maybe Simon would find me. Though I found it was doubtful that him rescuing me would ever happen. What can I say, I'm a pretty pessimistic person. So I heaved a sigh of defeat and maneuvered myself into a cross-legged position. I then started my long wait for Lana and began to make up some sort of deal in the back of my mind that I could present to her. A/N: This was pretty predictable chapter and it's also been awhile since I've updated, but I've been busy watching Season 4 of Criminal Minds - sorry. I think before I write the next chapter of this fic I'll watch Gamer again so I can get a feel for Simon's personality since most of the next chapter will most likely be written from his point of view. Now I'm off to watch A Very Potter Musical ... again.[Chapter 12] *I'm on a normal sleeping schedule again... Chapter 12: Kable Simon's POV I jumped out of my car. I was excited, scared, nervous and probably a million other emotions I can't even think of at the moment. I ran up the cracked cement sidewalk and knocked on the screen door. The house was of average size and looked old-fashioned. Sort of what you see in older movies from the early 2000's. There was no response at first. I spotted a doorbell and pushed it frantically a few times. I urged one of the Tillman's to answer. To walk their ass through the house and open the damn door. And I didn't have to wait long, once I finished my rather rude thought, the door opened to reveal a little girl. I smiled down at her, hoping I didn't look like a crazy person. \"You smell bad,\" was the first thing she said. I gaped at her but quickly pushed a sarcastic remark away. \"Thank you. Are your parents home?\" I asked. I looked past her but all I saw was a white wall. \"Well, duh,\" she said with a roll of her eyes, \"I'm not old enough to be home alone.\" \"Then can I please speak with your dad?\" I asked. She let out a sigh as if it was so much work to get her father. Little kids these days – sheesh. \"Dad! Some weird kid is here to talk to you – and he smells like garbage!\" she yelled. I ran a hand through my hair, forcing myself not to be rude to a little girl – not that she wouldn't deserve it with the way she was acting. I heard footsteps approaching and my heart started hammering in my chest. I was finally going to meet the man I had controlled. I was only a little worried. He appeared behind his daughter and fixed his blue eyes on me. \"May I help you?\" he asked, he pushed his daughter behind him as if I was going to hurt her. I probably looked like a mess and I knew for a fact I smelled homeless. For all he knew I was a serial killer or something. I cleared my throat. \"I'm Simon Silverton,\" I replied and then offered my hand. He didn't take it. Who would with the way I stunk? \"What do you want?\" John asked. He wasn't happy to see me. I didn't exactly think he would be, but I did save his life. That had to count for something, right? \"Um, well, I came all this way to meet you-\" \"You smell like shit,\" John stated rather bluntly. I scratched nervously at a spot behind my ear and shook my head. \"That's beside the point. I've been through a lot. And on my way here my-,\" I started. But I didn't know what to call Annabel. So I was stumped for a minute, before settling on a word, knowing she'd never know so I wasn't risking being physically or verbally abused by her, \"my girlfriend was kidnapped by these psychos. I didn't initially come here to implore your help, but it would be greatly appreciated if you'd come with me to rescue her.\" \"You've got to be fucking kidding me,\" sprang from his mouth rather fast. I bit my bottom lip and furrowed my eyebrows. I didn't know where to go from there. He was much larger than me and could probably kill me with his bare hands – scratch that - he could kill me with his bare hands. John started to close the door in my face. I put my foot between the frame and the door, stopping him. \"Please, I can't do it alone. And I'm afraid they'll kill her,\" I said pleadingly, seriously scared for Annabel's well-being. I was more scared than when I gave up my control on Kable and let him do his thing without my help. It was a different situation with Annabel. Over the last couple days I've come to enjoy her company, even though she could be a little irritating – but I'm sure she felt the same way about me. \"Please, John. I can't lose this girl.\" \"Fine, I'll help. But only because you've helped me in the past,\" John stated gruffly. He obviously wasn't happy about this but he looked as if he felt obligated to help me. I mean, I did help him get back to his family – in a manner of speaking. \"Thanks,\" I said with a relieved sigh. I flashed him a quick smile before he turned his back to me. He headed inside to talk things over with his wife. She was upset and opposed at first, but she eventually gave in after John explained all I had done for him and that it was because of me that they were a family again. When she asked who it was we were trying to save, I of course was not about to mention that Kable was going to help me rescue the daughter of the man that had torn their family apart in the first place. I had a feeling that if they knew, it might change the situation a bit. They could assume she was every bit like her father and that she wasn't worth saving – which of course is not the case. That's just fucking ridiculous really. Not everyone grows up to be like their parents. So I just replied with, \"Someone very important to me.\" She accepted it and stood from the couch she was perched on. John hugged his wife and daughter tightly and promised to be back soon. His wife looked like she was on the verge of tears, but his daughter looked proud, as if her father was the greatest man in the world. And in my opinion, he wasn't far from it. After all, he's been through so much and he could be risking his life to save someone he doesn't even know. That little girl was lucky to have John Tillman as a father. My own dad is a pussy who would never be so generous and selfless as to help someone in need. Man, I could really use a pistachio and jelly sandwich right now. A/N: I feel as if this is very rambly... And I have no idea how his mind would work, so that's probably why it's rambly and perhaps completely out of character - but hey, it's my story. But, on the bright side, action shall be ensuing shortly! ... I've already started outlining my next fan fiction -that's a bit sad.[Chapter 13] *I ate all the ice cream :( Chapter 13: Arrival Annabel's POV Time seemed to move impossibly slow and I was actually becoming impatient. If I was going to die I just wanted it to be over and done with – as soon as possible. Waiting for Lana was torture. I had thought she cared for me. She was willing to kill me for money – why didn't she just ask for it? She should know that I could care less about the money. Dina was busy filing her nails and the others had left the room. They obviously thought I wasn't a big threat. I was a bit taped up of course. So I suppose I really wasn't a threat. At that moment I wished I had an awesome plan of escape like they do in the movies – but alas, I had no idea how to get out of the duct tape. I had already come up with a deal to offer Lana. I was pretty sure it would work because I couldn't help but feel like she didn't want to kill me. If she really did, why wouldn't she just order these people to do it without her present. It would make since, because she would be less involved with my murder. \"Good news, Belle,\" Dina stated, bringing me out of my reverie. I looked up to find her staring at her phone. \"Well, maybe not good news for you , but mama is here.\" After she finished her sentence the door opened and I could hear the sound of heels on the hard concrete floor. Lana stopped in front of me. You might think I would see her differently now that I was her 'prisoner' but I still saw the woman who practically raised me, the woman who was like a mother to me. \"Hello, Annabel,\" Lana stated, a small smile on her lips. \"I'm sorry about all this. Really.\" Then she pulled a gun from the inside of her long jacket. \"Wait, please let me say something!\" I spat out, staring wide-eyed at the gun. \"Can't we make some kind of deal? I'd be willing to part with most of the money.\" \"Most - not all?\" Lana asked. \"Well, I want to go to college. I can't very well do that with no money,\" I replied, trying to stay calm. \"But if you're dead you won't need that money, because you won't be going to college,\" Dina stated from behind her mother. She let out a little giggle as if she thought she was intelligent or something – I couldn't help but roll my eyes at her moronic comment. \"Perhaps we can arrange something,\" Lana stated after a moment of looking thoughtful. She lowered the gun that she had had pointed at my forehead. I never would have thought she was the one who would kill me. The gun had been a bit surprising all together. \"Thank you,\" I managed to say. I heaved a sigh of relief and felt my heart slowing down a bit. Simon's POV I was only a little surprised when John had a gun with him. I mean I had seen him wield many weapons in the time I was playing him in Slayers , but still – he had a gun in my car! I was only a little disappointed he didn't have on for me. I sped through the streets, hoping to make it to that rundown building before anything bad could happen to Annabel. Thoughts of her possibly being tortured or already dead kept jumping into my mind and distracting me. John had asked if I wanted him to drive after I swerved a few times, but I had shook my head and mumbled something about 'knowing the way'. \"So how long have you known this girl?\" John asked. Was he trying to calm me down with small talk? I don't know, but it was working a bit. \"Uh, three days,\" I replied. John looked disbelievingly at me. \"What?\" \"Three days – and you're risking both of our lives for her?\" he asked. I nodded. \"Is she rich or something?\" I couldn't help but roll my eyes. \"Well, yes, but I don't want her money – nor do I need it,\" I replied. He should have already known that I was a spoiled rich kid. \"It doesn't matter how long I've known her. No one deserves to die for no reason.\" \"No reason? I bet there's a reason. What did she do? Is she some drug addicted girl who's ended up in a nasty situation?\" John asked. \"Not all teenagers are using drugs you know,\" I stated. \"Then what did she do?\" John asked. How could I possibly know the answer to that question – I'd only known her for three days after all. \"I don't think it has to do with anything she did,\" I stated cautiously, not liking the direction this discussion was taking. \"Then what does it have to do with?\" John asked. \"I really shouldn't tell you what my theory is,\" I stated quickly. John glared at me looking kind of angry. Perhaps he was getting irritated with me – people tend to do that. The building was in sight though and I started pulling up to the sidewalk. \"Simon, what's your 'theory'?\" John asked. I pointed ahead and at the building. \"That's where she is,\" I stated hoping he would drop it and focus on the task at hand. A/N: I'll probably add the next chapter soon, as long as I don't get distracted.[Chapter 14] *I couldn't figure out how to end this chapter Chapter 14: Rescue Simon's POV I jumped out of the car and John followed behind me. Before we got anywhere near the building's entrance, John grabbed onto the back of my shirt and pulled me back. That's when I really realized how much bigger than me he was. I actually gulped. \"I'm not going into that building until you tell me that theory of yours,\" John stated gruffly. \"If she's a fugitive or something, I'm not helping her. I can't risk being thrown in jail for some girl. I'm not going to lose my family again.\" \"She's not a fugitive,\" I stated. It was looking like I would have to tell him what I thought was going on. \"I think these people want her because she's Ken Castle's daughter.\" John's eyes widened a bit and a grimace appeared on his face. \"Ken Castle's daughter? You want me to save his daughter?\" John asked. I nodded. John looked away from me for a moment. When his blue eyes went back to me, I was afraid there would be hatred or something there, but no, he looked pretty calm about the whole thing. Maybe he realized that he couldn't judge her for who her father was – even if Ken did control him, make him kill a man, put him through Hell – er, Slayers – and then Ken tried to kill him in the end anyways. But all that is kind of beside the point. John let out a groan, but started for the entrance of the building. I quickly followed after him. \"I better get paid for this,\" I heard him mutter under his breath and I couldn't help but smile to myself. I heard gunshots before I even made it to the door. The sound made me cringe but it didn't stop me from entering the building. Once I made it through the door, I saw John and a man in hand-to-hand combat, John's gun lying on the floor by a dead – or presumably dead – guys body. I almost picked the gun up, but was distracted by the piece of plywood being smashed onto my back. I turned around swiftly, though I was in a tremendous amount of pain, and lashed out at whoever hit me. My fist connected with a scrawny man's jaw. The man stumbled back and dropped the plywood he had used to beat me over the back. I picked it up and hit him over the head with it. He was knocked unconscious and I wanted to shout out a cheer of some sort, but I was tackled to the ground by a slight woman in Matrix- like garb. \"Get off me, bitch!\" I growled, shoving the woman off of me. She stood up much more quickly than me and kicked me in the stomach. I let out a groan and kind of went into the fetal position. John grabbed the woman and easily threw her against the wall. When she hit the ground she didn't get back up. John roughly pulled me to my feet. \"Leave the fighting to me,\" he stated. I nodded an agreement and followed after him as he walked to the only door in the building. It was wooden and, we soon found, locked. Annabel's POV \"We're under attack,\" Dina stated, staring at her phone. She jumped up from her chair and exited the room. Lana locked the door behind her daughter. \"Do you have anything to do with this?\" she asked calmly. \"I don't think so,\" I replied. My legs were asleep so I stretched them out. \"So... Under attack? Does Dani watch a lot of war movies?\" \"Yeah,\" Lana said. She took her daughters seat and lit a cigarette. \"I suppose I should kill you before they make their way into this room.\" \"Oh, you don't have to do that,\" I said with a forced laugh. Lana took a long drag from her cancer stick and let the ashes build up on the end of the paper. It was quite annoying, seeing the ashes build up precariously on the end of the cigarette. \"I think I do. If these people are here to save you, I won't get my money,\" Lana stated. I shook my head. \"If you kill me you won't get your money. They could turn you in,\" I muttered. Lana groaned and rolled her eyes. She threw her cigarette to the floor, not bothering to finish it. She stood from the chair and approached me. When she pointed the gun at me I couldn't help but flinch away from her. I was scared she was actually going to kill me now. \"I guess I'll just have to kill them too,\" she stated. Thankfully the door was kicked down just then. I immediately turned my head to look behind me. Standing in the doorway was a muscly man who I recognized as John Tillman, or Kable. I was relieved to see Simon, who was pushing his way past John. He ran to my side and John headed for Lana. She fired the gun, but missed everyone by miles. John grabbed the pistol from her and pointed it at her head. She tried running but there was really nowhere for her to go. \"Are you okay?\" Simon quietly asked me. I found that to be a ridiculous question, but it was a question that naturally sprang from people's mouths when someone has gone through something traumatic or painful. \"Yes, just fine,\" I replied shakily. Simon smiled at me and I couldn't help but let my irritation at his idiotic question slip away. I looked around Simon, who was only obstructing my view a bit, to see John taping Lana up with the duct tape that had been lying on the floor. After he had her securely taped, he made his way over to Simon and I. He pulled out a pocket knife from his pocket, one of those insanely sharp ones. He went to work cutting the duct tape from my hands. Once he was done I shook my arms to try and get some sort of sensation back in my wrists and to work out some of the soreness. When I tried standing I almost fell. My legs were really asleep. Simon let me lean against him. \"We better get going,\" John stated curtly. He led the way out of the building, walking much faster than I could handle. \"Thank you,\" I called after him. John waved a hand dismissively, as if saving me was no big deal. I looked up into Simon's bright blue eyes. \"And you too.\" \"You're welcome,\" he sighed happily. He gave my shoulder a comforting squeeze and kissed the top of my head. \"I'm glad we made it in time.\" \"Me too,\" I stated. I looked down at the unconscious bodies of Lana's henchmen and was relieved I didn't have to witness that fight. A/N: We're so close to the end! ... If only I could figure out how to actually end it since everything that was supposed to happen has happened... Time to brainstorm![Chapter 15] * Listening to Midtown makes me happy Chapter 15: The Tillman's Home \"I'm a little surprised you came back for me,\" I sighed as I got settled in the back seat. Simon sat beside me after John insisted that he drive. Perhaps he didn't like Simon's driving either. \"What? Of course I would come back for you,\" Simon stated, he looked a bit offended. His eyes settled on John. \"Hey, John, thank you for taking out all those people.\" Simon scratched the back of his head distractedly and he had a sheepish look on his face. John didn't say anything, though his eyes were looking into the rear view mirror. He was studying me with an intense expression. Obviously he knew who I was. Did he expect me to start going on about how he killed my father? Did he think I hated him. I wasn't about to bring any of that up. He may have killed my father but he saved my life. \"And thank you for rescuing me,\" I stated quietly. John's eyes returned to the road. \"What happened to your windows?\" John asked Simon. \"Oh, yeah, um,\" Simon started. \"They were shot out.\" John shook his head and let out a small sigh. I stared out of the window and at the trees that were starting to appear and line the road. The Tillman family lived quite a ways from the city. The rest of the car ride was silent, except for an occasional comment from Simon to John. When John stopped the car my attention was brought away from the scenery to the cute little house in front of me. I got out of the car and stretched my limbs. The fresh air was nice and something a bit foreign to me since I grew up in a large, heavily polluted city. John made a motion for us to follow him. Simon grabbed my hand firmly and pulled me after him into the Tillman home. The walls were a pale white and photographs of the family hung on the walls. I followed Simon down a narrow hallway to the living room. The couch was a sky blue and upon it sat John's wife. Once she spotted John she jumped up and ran into his arms. \"Delia is asleep,\" she muttered softly. She moved back to inspect her husband. \"You aren't hurt anywhere are you?\" \"No, I'm fine Angie,\" John said. I saw the corner of his mouth tug up in a reassuring smile. \"I'm going to go say goodnight to Delia.\" He started for a dark hallway to the right of the living room. \"Hello, I'm Angie,\" John's wife said with a forced smile. I imagine she wasn't too happy with Simon and I. We had put her husband through danger after all. \"It's nice to meet you Angie. My name is Annabel,\" I stated kindly. I offered my hand and she reluctantly took it. After a brief handshake, I sat beside Simon who had already made himself comfortable on the blue loveseat. Angie positioned herself in the middle of the couch. John returned shortly and sat beside his wife, kissing her cheek gently. The silence that took hold of the room was uncomfortable. I was in the presence of two people who's lives had been shattered because of my father. I knew it wasn't my fault but I couldn't help but feel a little guilty. \"So, Annabel, why were you kidnapped?\" Angie asked. It was obvious she was worried her husband was going to get in trouble for whatever it was he had done to save me. \"She is the daughter of Ken Castle,\" John said with a hint of bitterness in his voice, causing me to flinch at his words. Angie's eyes widened slightly. \"They wanted my money,\" I sighed, I didn't feel it was necessary to add that it was my housekeeper who wanted it. \"Speaking of money, I will gladly pay you for saving me. Just name an amount.\" John and his wife looked at each other for a moment. They seemed to be considering my statement. \"We'd need to talk it over,\" Angie stated. \"In the meantime, you two can stay in the guest room.\" She stood from the couch and led us down the hallway that John had disappeared to earlier. She opened a dark, wooden door and flipped a light switch on. \"You are okay with sharing a bed, aren't you?\" \"Of course,\" Simon said with a smile. I sighed and nodded my head reluctantly. Angie left us alone, shutting the door behind her. Simon turned to me and gave me a small hug. \"There's something I should mention.\" \"And that would be?\" I asked, stepping away from him to pull back the blanket on the bed. \"I told John that you were my girlfriend, so if that ever comes up-\" Simon started. \"You did what?\" I asked, cutting him off. My eyes had widened and I had lost my grip on the blanket. \"Well, it made sense at the time and I did mention we had only known each other for a couple days – so maybe he realized I was exaggerating the extent of out relationship,\" Simon stated. \"You're not mad are you?\" \"Well, I'm not mad,\" I said. I was a little flattered actually, but I kept that to myself. Still dressed in my smelly dumpster diving clothes, I crawled under the covers and let my eyes fall shut. Simon turned off the light and I could feel him crawl into bed. He yawned and was soon asleep, made evident by his soft snoring. It took me a bit longer to fall asleep. I couldn't help thinking how strange it was that I was sleeping in Kable's guest bedroom. I had never thought I'd even enter his house or meet him. Then there was the fact that he saved me – knowing who I was. But soon my thoughts became fuzzy and I was asleep. A/N: Well, now I just feel like I'm dragging this story out a bit – but really I'm not. I just don't want to end it abruptly or something like I can tend to do.[Chapter 16] * Poppin' Champagne is stuck in my head! Chapter 16: Breakfast I awoke when something landed on me. I let out a tiny scream and sat up. My eyes took in my surroundings and I was confused for a moment. But then I remembered the night before. I looked down at the object in my lap. Simon had thrown my bag at me. He was leaning against the doorway already in clean clothes with a smirk on his face. His hair looked damp so he must have showered. \"Angie wants you to shower before breakfast,\" Simon stated. \"The bathroom is right across the hall. She already set out a towel for you.\" He backed out of the room and I heard a giggle and a shout that seemed to belong to a little girl. I climbed out of the bed and with my bag in hand I walked into the hallway. I stared down to where the noise had come from. Simon was tickling a little girl in the living room. Angie watched on with a mug in her hand. I quickly went into the bathroom before anyone noticed me staring and shut the door quietly behind me. The shower was great considering how bad I smelled and how gross I felt. Once I was finished in there, I walked into the living room. Simon was flipping through a magazine and I could hear Angie and John talking in the kitchen. Their daughter, Delia, was playing with a doll on the floor of the living room. Simon looked up from the magazine and waved me over. I sat beside him and ruffled his now dry hair. \"You smell much better,\" Simon stated. \"Less like a skunk at least.\" I made a face at him as he laughed at his own statement. Delia ran over to us and leaned against my knees. \"Who are you?\" she asked, pointing a tiny finger at me. I had never been around young children, excluding my time in elementary school, and I wasn't sure if I should mention to her that pointing is rude. I decided not to say anything – I wasn't her mother after all. \"This is Annabel,\" Simon replied for me, as I silently debated that whole pointing dilemma in my head. He put an arm around me and pulled me closer to his body. \"She's Simon's girlfriend,\" John stated from the doorway. I didn't think that was actually going to come up – but hey, look, it did! \"Well, actually, I'm not,\" I stated quickly. \"Sure... Breakfast is ready,\" John said. Delia ran quickly into the kitchen obviously excited about breakfast. \"You don't have to deny it like it's a bad thing,\" Simon stated after a moment. He glanced over at me and I gave him a quizzical look. \"Never mind.\" With a sigh he stood and offered me his hand. I took it and he helped me to my feet. The kitchen was brightly lit from the sunlight filtering through the windows in the room. Tiny glass roosters and chickens decorated wooden shelves on the wall. Clean dishes were set out on the little round table, the food in the center. I took a seat between Simon and John. Delia was busy playing with her food as Angie eyed John sternly from across the table and cleared her throat. John glanced up from his food and to his wife, who nodded her head in my direction. John rolled his eyes and set his fork down. He swallowed his food before turning his blue eyes on me. I slowly swallowed my eggs before shyly glancing up at him. \"We have discussed that whole money thing,\" he stated. He looked a bit reluctant, as if he didn't want to be talking about it right now. Perhaps he was a bit uncomfortable, he was about to discuss money with a Castle. \" And ?\" I asked, urging him to continue so I we could get it over with. I was starving and my eggs were getting cold. \"I don't think we should take any money from you,\" John started. \"But Angie thinks we should, because of all the shi-\" He glanced over at his young daughter. \" Stuff we've been through.\" \"That's understandable,\" I said. I took a bite from my eggs, not caring for once in my life if it was improper. \"How much though?\" \"We aren't sure. It's hard to come up with a sum,\" John stated. \"We don't want to come off as greedy,\" Angie said. I nodded my head. \"How about a million?\" I asked. \"And if you ever need anything, you don't have to hesitate to ask. I can't help but feel like I owe you something. After all, my dad... Well, and you saved my life.\" \"Um,\" John sighed. He glanced at his wife who just nodded her head. \"A million sounds fine. I actually have no idea what we would do with all that money. We don't really need it.\" \"Save it,\" Simon offered through a mouth full of toast. I threw Simon a disgusted look. I hadn't really wanted to see what chewed up toast looked like. Simon swallowed and muttered a sorry. \"I'll have the money to you as soon as I'm eighteen,\" I told the Tillman's. The two adults nodded then focused their attention on their meal. I smiled to myself. Maybe now I wouldn't feel guilty about everything. \"That was delicious,\" I said after having finished my meal. Simon was still eating, he was probably on his third helping of food, but I couldn't be sure. \"John made it,\" Angie said, staring lovingly at her husband. John smiled at his wife and then began helping Delia clean herself up. She had jam and eggs all over her face – it was rather cute. For a family that had been through so much they were awfully happy. I was glad they could recover so well from what they had been through. A/N: I have the ending figured out, but I just need to get there is all.[Chapter 17] * When I finish this chapter I get to read Cirque Du Freak Book 6! Chapter 17: Family Simon's POV We had been at the Tillman's home for two days now. Angie was washing our laundry, she insisted since we would be leaving the next day. Annabel had mentioned to me, as we were getting ready for bed the night before, that she was surprised John was warming up to her and that Angie let her play with Delia. She had a smile on her lips as she said it. Her chocolate brown eyes had that happy, sparkling effect to them. I walked out onto the green lawn that sat to the side of the Tillman house. Delia was running away from Annabel, shrieking when Annabel scooped her up and began spinning in circles. John watched on from a wooden bench while Angie planted flowers against the house. I sat beside John. He wasn't smiling or frowning, he looked indifferent - as always. \"She's a sweet girl,\" John stated after I was done situating myself. I glanced over at him and then followed his stare. Annabel was talking quietly to Delia, she kept looking over at John and I, a mischievous smile on her lips. Delia was nodding her head in understanding. The two girls ran to the back of the house. \"What do you think they're doing?\" I asked John. He shook his head. \"What's back there?\" \"The tool shed, a swing set, and the watering hos-\" John started. He stood up and started for the back of the house. But before he made it, Delia and Annabel appeared from behind the house. Annabel held onto the trigger of the hose sprayer-thingy. \"Don't do it Miss Castle.\" Annabel smirked and pulled the trigger, sending water over John and then me. Delia was laughing with utter delight – begging to be sprayed as well. Annabel obliged and the little girl danced in the water that rained over her. John took the hose from Annabel and began spraying her down too. Annabel began giggling and put her arms across her face to keep the water out of her eyes. Angie stood from her place by the garden and shook her head. She didn't look mad though. \"Really, must you all act like children,\" she stated. John turned the hose on her. \"Oh, really. That's real grownup.\" She was laughing as she spoke. Annabel came to sit beside me as Angie and John began to fight over the hose. Delia was pulling on her father's leg, obviously on his side. I examined Annabel. She was watching the family intently, a smile adorned her lips and a laugh would occasionally escape her. \"What's your family like?\" she asked suddenly, taking me by surprise. Her brown eyes focused on me. \"Um, nothing like this,\" I said, nodding my head towards the Tillman's. \"There's a lot of arguing and we never really see each other.\" \"That's kind of how my dad and I were,\" Annabel stated. \"It's nice being around them isn't it?\" She was back to looking at Angie, John and Delia. \"Yeah, it's like being part of something I never had,\" I said quietly. Annabel nodded her head slowly. Before I could stop myself I was leaning towards Annabel and my lips were on hers. I felt the corners of her lips turn up in a smile. And then the shock of cold water hitting our faces broke us apart. John was standing with the hose pointed at us, a smug look on his face. Delia was laughing her little head off and Angie looked sympathetically at us. \"Way to ruin the moment,\" Angie stated with a smile, leaning against her husband. \"I would have done the same thing,\" I sighed. Annabel let out a little laugh and began to wring the water out of her clothes – again. \"Lets go inside and get dried off,\" Angie offered. \"Annabel, do you want to help me with dinner tonight?\" Annabel's eyes lit up at the prospect of being included in dinner making. \"Sure,\" she stated happily. She jumped off the bench and followed Angie inside. Delia chased after them and held onto Annabel's arm. \"Simon, stop staring after her with that creepy look on your face,\" John stated. \"Creepy?\" I asked, standing from the bench. \"Dazed, creepy, same thing,\" John laughed. I rolled my eyes and followed the girls into the house. Annabel's POV I threw my wet clothes over the rocking chair that sat in the corner of the quest room. The room was chilly and I was desperate to put on something clean and warm. I grabbed my bag but then realized all of my clothes were being washed. It had been a bad idea to start a water war, but it was fun. I sighed and sat on the corner of the bed, wrapped in the towel Angie had given me before I undressed. The door opened and Simon strolled in. He held a towel in his hand and was rubbing it over his dark hair. He threw a smile in my direction and then went for his bag. He stopped short. \"Our clothes are being washed aren't they?\" he asked. I nodded my head sadly. \"That explains the towel dress.\" He eyed the fluffy towel I was wearing and winked. I rolled my eyes. \"Can you ask Angie if she has anything I can wear?\" I asked. Simon nodded his head and retreated to the hallway. I laid down across the bed awaiting his return. I let my eyes fall close and thought back to the most recent kiss I'd received from Simon. I now understood those books I read – the whole, 'butterflies/stomach' thing, the slight confused feelings – all that stuff (the list goes on for miles). \"What's that smile about?\" Simon asked. I sat up just as he threw clothes onto the bed. \"Nothing,\" I said quickly, grabbing at the clothes. \"Will you leave so I can get dressed?\" Simon leaned against the door and shook his head. \"Oh, come on now. Don't be a pervert.\" \"I was only kidding, sheesh,\" he sighed as he left the room, closing the door behind him. I quickly changed into the pajama pants and long-sleeved shirt Angie had lent me. I walked out into the hall where I found Simon. \"What are you going to wear?\" I asked him, eying his clothes. He was letting water drip all over the carpeted hallway. He shrugged. \"Nothing I suppose,\" he replied. I shook my head and let out a small sigh. \"That is not recommended. There is a little girl running around here after all,\" I stated. Simon nodded his agreement. \"You could ask John, though I suppose his clothes would be a bit big on you.\" \"A bit? He's huge,\" Simon stated. \"Damn muscles and shit.\" Delia popped her head into the hallway from her bedroom. She smiled at Simon. \"You said two bad words,\" she stated. \"You have to put a dollar in the swear jar.\" \"Swear jar?\" Simon and I asked in unison. I had no idea what that was – and obviously, neither did Simon. \"Yeah,\" she started as she left her bedroom. She stopped before us. \"Every time you say a bad word you have to put fifty cents in the swear jar. Dad has to put a lot of money in the jar. He has what mom calls a 'potty mouth'.\" \"Well, Simon. You better put a dollar in the jar,\" I stated with a teasing smile. Simon groaned and disappeared into the guest room. He returned holding a dollar bill. He handed it to Delia. \"Go put this in that jar then,\" he said. Delia nodded, ran off and called for her mother. Apparently she couldn't reach the jar. \"A swear jar...\" Simon mused. \"That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard of.\" \"I suppose if it keeps your child from using bad language it's a good thing to have around,\" I stated. \"Everyone in my house swears,\" Simon said. \"I wonder what they do with the money in the jar. It has to serve some purpose other than a lesson.\" \"Maybe they put it towards Christmas presents or something,\" I offered. \"Correct,\" John stated from behind us. I jumped about a foot. I hadn't known he was nearby. \"Delia doesn't even notice when the money disappears.\" \"Hey, John, do you happen to have something for Simon to wear?\" I asked. John nodded and motioned for Simon to follow him. I went to the kitchen were Angie was busy gathering the ingredients for supper. Delia sat at the kitchen table and stared out the window. \"Annabel, would you mind stirring this?\" Angie asked, handing me a bowl. I sat at the table as I stirred. \"Where are Simon and John?\" \"Finding something for Simon to wear,\" I replied. \"Can I stir?\" Delia asked. I handed the bowl to her and watched as she stirred, making sure she didn't make a mess. Simon entered then, wearing a shirt that was a bit to big for him and a pair of hot pink sweatpants. I eyed him curiously. \"The pants belong to Angie,\" he stated. I nodded and bit back a laugh. He looked silly. \"I think John did this on purpose.\" \"You look good in hot pink,\" I said. Delia was giggling at Simon. Simon picked her up from her chair. I quickly grabbed the bowl and spoon before it made a mess on the clean kitchen table. \"Ah, put me down!\" Delia screamed, though she was smiling. \"Nope,\" Simon stated. He carried her out of the room. \"I'm handing you over to your father for punishment.\" I heard a loud squeal and assumed she was going to be tickled to death. \"Delia is going to miss the two of you,\" Angie sighed as she messed with the buttons on the stove. \"Well, we'll just have to visit,\" I said, though I didn't think I would be doing that. Not that I didn't want to, but I'd be starting college soon and I had a company to deal with. Simon returned looking some what exhausted. He took a seat beside me and laid his head on my shoulder. \"Children are too much work,\" Simon stated. \"Delia has too much energy.\" I smiled and kissed the top of Simon's head. He seemed surprised by my slight showing of affection and sat upright. Before he could say anything I spoke. \"Admit it. You love that little girl,\" I said. Simon nodded. \"She's like the little sister I never had,\" Simon stated. \"Don't you have a little sister?\" I asked. \"Well, yeah. But she's the spawn of Satan,\" Simon laughed. I shook my head and laughed at his statement. I wondered what caused him and his sister not to get along. They were both spoiled brats – so at least they had something in common. A/N: A longer chapter than usual. This one was fun to write because it's happy and stuff. I like writing happy things – and killing off characters – and fluffy-romance-cuteness-shit. I like to try and do a bit of everything I guess. Though I haven't killed anyone in this...[Chapter 18] *Shane Dawson makes my day 10X better! Chapter 18: Leaving When I woke up the next day I was more than a little sad. We were leaving the Tillman's and returning to New York City. I would have to return to an empty house. I didn't have my crazy ass father or my almost sane housekeeper anymore. So, not only would I miss the Tillman's, but I was really starting to realize I didn't have a father, or anyone else for that matter, anymore. And I actually sort of missed him. This was a shocking realization, considering how evil he ended up being. \"Are you going to get out of bed?\" Simon asked staring down at me. I jumped and sat up quickly. \"John made a farewell breakfast.\" \"Okay, just let me get dressed,\" I replied. Simon left with a slight nod of his head. I ran a hand through my messy hair and then proceeded to rub the sleep from my eyes. I climbed out of bed reluctantly and got dressed. Throwing my hair up in a ponytail, I headed for the kitchen. The smell of breakfast lingered in the living room, making my stomach rumble. Everyone was already seated at the table. Delia had jam hanging precariously on her lip, Simon took a napkin and wiped the mess away. John and Angie were discussing something quietly, with small smiles on their faces. I sat beside Delia and started to pile food onto my plate. \"Are you guys going to come back and visit?\" Delia asked once I started to devour my pancakes. \"Of course,\" Simon replied through a mouth full of bacon. \"Make sure to call first,\" John stated with a small smile. \"I'll be sure to do that,\" Simon said with a little laugh. Once breakfast was over, Simon went to throw our bags in the car. Angie and Delia began cleaning up the table, shooing me out of the kitchen. I sat on the sofa in the living room, staring at a loose thread on the bottom of my shirt. I didn't want to leave but I knew I had to. I could always visit anyways – if I could find the time. \"What's wrong?\" John's deep voice asked, snapping me out of the slight trance I had been in. \"Um, nothing,\" I replied after a moment. John sat beside me. He looked a bit uncomfortable, like he wanted to say something – but wasn't quite sure how to. \"You look sad,\" John stated. It was obvious that wasn't quite what he wanted to say, that he just settled for that simple observation. \"Well, I'm leaving. It's probably silly, but I was finally getting to experience what a real family was like,\" I started. \"And that just made me happy. I know Simon feels the same way. I guess, I just don't want to leave.\" \"It's weird to be saying this, but, you're always welcome here,\" John stated. \"I hope you don't walk down the same path as your father, Miss Castle. It would be a shame for a nice girl like you to be the cause of so much evil. I know it'll be hard for people to accept you once they realize who your dad is, but don't let them stop you from following your dreams or even bringing back K-Soft. I personally don't know what you can do with the company, but maybe you'll bring some good into the world.\" \"Thank you,\" was all I could manage to say. I had no idea what to do with K-Soft and the mention of it made me worry. I didn't even know if I could think of any new games to be made – much less do something good with the company. It would be best to get rid of it altogether, but deep down I knew I couldn't part with something that meant so much to my dad. \"Annabel, are you ready to go?\" Simon asked, stepping into the living room, he didn't look like he wanted to leave either. I nodded slowly and stood from the very comfortable sofa. \"Goodbye John. And thank you for everything,\" I stated. I kissed his rough cheek quickly and hurried into the kitchen. Simon was being hugged by Delia. \"Please don't go,\" she whined. Simon smiled down at her. \"I'll be back as soon as I can,\" he promised the little girl who had tears brimming her eyes. She looked over to me and immediately ran over and latched onto my legs. I patted the back of her head, then bent down to her level for a proper hug. Once she released me I gave Angie a brief hug. \"Okay, I guess we'll be leaving now.\" John walked us to Simon's car. It was nice outside and the sky was clear. I welcomed the beautiful weather, more so than usual, considering the window on my side of the car was nonexistent. If it rained I would probably get very upset. \"Hey, Simon,\" John started before Simon could even open the car door. \"I wanted to thank you for giving up control during Slayers and also for that little extra push when I killed,\" John glanced in my direction. \"well-\" \"It was no problem,\" Simon said quickly before climbing into the driver's seat. We pulled out of their little driveway and the trip back to New York City began. A/N: So, the next chapter is going to be like all drama-y and stuff (like a lamer version of One Tree Hill or something -.-), but then I'll be closer to wrapping up the story! So, yay?[Chapter 19] * I miss being in High School :( Chapter 19: A Bit of an Overreaction Not even ten minutes into our drive did I have to ask Simon a question. I wanted him to tell me what John had been talking about with that whole 'extra push' thing. John had looked uncomfortable and Simon had looked alarmed. I felt like I was missing something. \"What was John talking about?\" I asked. I was staring at Simon when he glanced in my direction with raised eyebrows. \"What do you mean?\" he asked, giving me a look that said 'please clarify'. \"What did you help him with?\" I understood John killed someone and Simon had been controlling him. I knew how all that worked since my dad had went into great detail once during one of our rare 'family' dinners. But Simon had given up his control on John during that last match. Simon was deemed a cheater and had become very unpopular when he gave up the ability to control John's actions. \"Oh, well... Have you seen your dad's death?\" Simon asked. I glanced warily at him and nodded. I really wished I hadn't watched the footage of John Tillman stabbing my father. Simon let out a tiny sigh. \"Well, I helped kill Castle.\" \"What?\" I asked softly. I felt angry, sad and sick all at once. I couldn't believe it. Simon had helped kill my father. It didn't make sense – I mean I knew how the nanites worked, but the reports said Simon gave up his control during that last match. How was it even possible? Only if the nanites were reactivated could Simon actually help John. \"I wasn't sure if I had actually helped – but I tried. And once John mentioned it back there, I knew I had aided in the killing of your dad,\" Simon stated, his blue eyes fixed on the road. I made a strange alarmed noise. \"Annabel, the world is a better place without Ken Castle – you know that!\" \"Yeah, but he was still my dad!\" I yelled. Simon flinched at the volume of my voice. \"He was going to have John kill Angie and Delia,\" Simon said. \"When John turned the knife on Castle... Annabel, he needed the extra help. Castle probably would have been killed eventually anyways.\" \"Yeah, but...\" I couldn't continue. I wanted to say something like: but I can't be falling for the guy who helped murder my father . But I could never say that out loud. I didn't know if I was overreacting either. Was it really that big a deal? My father was a terrible person. He was also a power hungry, greedy whore, but you shouldn't think such things about your father, so I pushed those thoughts out of my head. I was just too confused. \"And, you know, if your father hadn't been killed we probably would have never met,\" Simon stated. \"Yes, like that would be a fucking tragedy,\" I sneered angrily. I wasn't quite sure why, but I just didn't feel like being nice at that particular moment. \"Annabel-\" \"Simon, don't talk to me,\" I interrupted. I glanced over at him to see a somewhat hurt expression on his face. I didn't like being the one to make him look that way. \"Would you stop acting like such a girl,\" Simon stated suddenly. I was about to reply with, Excuse me, but I am a girl!, when he pulled the car over. The dirt from the shoulder of the road billowed up around the car in the form of brown dust. It came in through the broken window and caused me to go into a terrible coughing fit and I sneezed a few times. Stupid allergies. \"What are you doing?\" I asked waving away the dust. Simon's eyes bore into mine and I couldn't help but shift uncomfortably under his intense stare. \"Annabel, I'm sorry,\" he started. \"If I didn't help. John would be dead. Would you really want that?\" I shook my head. I couldn't stop the tears form springing to my eyes. I looked away from Simon and let out a shaky sigh. \"I just – it's only just started to really sink in,\" I whispered. I desperately wiped away the first few tears. \"What is?\" he asked quietly. \"I don't have a family,\" I replied. \"I know my dad wasn't around much, but whenever he would pay just the tiniest amount of attention to me, I was probably the happiest person in the world. Now, I'll never get to hear one of his little praises again or listen to his silly ideas.\" Simon remained silent. I suppose he didn't want me to lash out at him or start sobbing if he said the wrong thing – which he was more than likely to do. He pulled the car away from the shoulder of the road and we were off again. I wiped away my tears with the back of my hand and couldn't help but feel stupid. \"I forgive you,\" I said. I was somewhat reluctant to say those words. Mostly because I hated giving in so quickly. I noticed the corner of Simon's mouth move up in the smallest of smiles. I was still a little angry, but I had thought it over. Ken Castle was better off dead. Besides there was nothing I could do to change what had happened. I needed to let it go. I couldn't risk losing my first friend just because he had helped kill my father … Well, actually I could, but I didn't want to. It sounded ridiculous in my head, Yeah, my best friend killed my father. I couldn't help but laugh to myself – which earned me a quizzical look from Simon. \"Are you going crazy?\" he asked. Then he looked thoughtful. \"You've had some mood swings today, and when my sister has mood swings like that it means she's on her period. So, are y-\" That earned him a smack to the head. \"Ow!\" He rubbed a hand over his head lightly. \"You don't even want to go there,\" I stated. \"And for your information, Mr. Silverton, I am not on my period. I'm just a girl. And sometimes girls have mood swings – without the help from PMS.\" Simon looked a little guilty at the conclusion he had come to. \"Well, you didn't have to hit me,\" he stated after a few minutes of awkward silence. \"No, but it was fun,\" I laughed. A/N: I can't believe it took me so long to add this chapter, it has been saved to my computer for almost a week now, I just forgot about it - oops. It's a filler but I just don't want to end the story yet. :)[Chapter 20] *This was actually hard for me to write Chapter 20: Periwinkle Sheets It didn't take long to get back to New York. This was mainly due to the fact that I had volunteered to drive while Simon slept, even though we could die in a fiery crash. I didn't want to stay in a hotel or anything. I was a bit frightened that I might actually act like a teenager and do something stupid – like those girls in books and movies. If you don't know what I'm talking about, I'll clear things up for you. Sex. I liked Simon and all, but we weren't even dating. And the way he was now constantly trying to find a spare moment to send a kiss in my direction I was scared. I was scared that if we stayed the night somewhere we'd do something stupid. I have pretty good self-control, but I'm inexperienced and Simon is so handsome. G osh, I have to stop thinking about it. The notion that'd we'd ever have sex is ridiculous, I thought to myself as I drove down the dark road, with only headlights to illuminate the asphalt that led to my home. I glanced over at Simon's sleeping form. He was snoring softly, it was hardly noticeable but the car was so damn quiet. There was a faint smile on his lips and I knew he was dreaming. I stopped the car about fifteen feet from my house. I gently shook Simon and he jumped up with a look of alarm in his eyes. He calmed down after a moment and looked around the dark property. His eyes fell on my home and then he let out a sigh. \"It's over,\" he stated. I nodded my head slightly and turned off the car. I could feel Simon's eyes on me. \"Do you mind if I stay the night? My parents wouldn't like me coming home at this hour. Besides I'm not really ready to face them.\" \"Of course you can stay here,\" I replied. I opened the car door and Simon followed my lead. Once inside, I threw my bag on the floor and headed straight for the guest bedroom. It was down the hall from my own room. I flipped on the light switch to reveal a room decorated in flowers. It was a very feminine room. My father said it was perfect for any kind of guest. The room was mostly adorned with maroon flowers on the walls and the bedspread. The furniture a deep mahogany. \"This is where you will be sleeping,\" I stated. \"You know where the bathroom is if you want to bathe before you go to bed.\" I left Simon in the doorway and headed down to my bedroom. It was just how I left it. My eyes wandered to the shelf that was against the wall farthest from me. I made my way to it and examined one of the pictures on the shelf. It was taken on my seventeenth birthday. My father had made time to stop by and give me a present. A necklace I never wore. In the photo my father had his arm draped around me and Lana stood on the other side of me. We were all smiling and for the first time I noticed only my father's smile was real. He was the only genuinely happy person in the picture. I let out a soft sigh and turned away from the photo. There were a lot of things in my house I wanted to get rid of – that photo being one of them. I didn't want to remember Lana and I didn't want a single piece of her in my home. I took a rushed shower and changed into pajamas before snuggling under my periwinkle comforter. I told my room to go dark and immediately the lights went out. I was almost asleep when I heard my door open. I had always been able to tell if my door was opening, it squeaked and it was the only door in the house that made any noise, probably because I had slammed it so much over the years. I sat up in bed and told the lights to turn on. Simon stood in the doorway, wincing in the bright light that filled my room. I told the lights to dim. His hair was damp, so I assumed he took a shower as well. \"What are you doing in here?\" I asked. \"I can't sleep,\" Simon replied. He came closer and sat on the edge of my bed. \"Why not?\" I asked, somewhat irritated at having to wait to sleep. \"I was thinking,\" he stated. I rose my eyebrows and he continued. \"How do you view our relationship?\" I couldn't help but blush. As my cheeks warmed I looked away and at a cobweb in the corner of my room. I felt Simon move on the bed and then felt his hand on my chin, turning my head to face him. Then his lips met mine gently, at first, then the kiss deepened as his hands found their way into my hair. I pulled away first. I could tell Simon was disappointed by this action and he looked a bit crestfallen, as if I had just rejected him. I wanted to assure him that that wasn't the case. That I was just feeling a little light headed and I needed to breath, but I couldn't form words. I was actually speechless. Simon stood from my bed and headed for the door. I immediately jumped out of my bed, my comforter wrapped itself around my leg and I fell to the floor. But I quickly stood, embarrassed, but eager to tell Simon how I felt. \"Are you okay?\" he asked, a small smile played on his lips and he seemed to be holding back a laugh. \"Yeah, fine,\" I said quickly. I took a deep breath and willed the blush that lingered on my cheeks to die down. \"Simon, I really like you-\" \"But you don't like me like that , right?\" he interjected. I shook my head fiercely, kind of whipping my face with my hair, but he must not have been paying attention. \"I'm not really surprised. You seem like the kind of girl who is more interested in school than boys. And I'm probably not your type anyways-\" \"Oh, will you just shut the fuck up for a minute,\" I stated, interrupting his rambling. I took a step closer to him and stood on tip toe so I could reach his lips. He actually seemed surprised by this, but I suppose I had never initiated the kissing before. \"I like you like that .\" Simon smiled down at me and pecked my forehead. \"Now can you go to bed?\" I asked. \"Only if I can sleep with you,\" he replied. I only hoped there wasn't a hidden meaning behind his words. \"I suppose you can,\" I stated apprehensively. I picked my comforter off the floor and threw it over its matching sheets. As I was turned away from him, Simon wrapped his arms around my waist and planted a trail of kisses up my neck, stopping beneath my earlobe. My heart began to beat faster and I was afraid I might hyperventilate. I know normal people don't hyperventilate under these kinds of conditions, but I'm not normal people. I was alarmed and a bit worried. I only hoped Simon wouldn't try anything. The smell of soap and shampoo wafted around me as Simon moved to stand in front of me. His lips were on mine again, hungry and wanting. My breath caught in my throat and my eyes closed. My arms wound themselves around Simon's neck. Our bodies were pressed firmly against one another and I prayed to God he couldn't feel how fast my heart was beating. He moved us slowly towards the bed and gently laid me down on the mattress. His hands roamed beneath my shirt and that's when I had to stop him. I turned my head away from him, forcing his mouth from mine. I sat up on the bed, pushing his hands off of me. \"Simon, I can't do this ,\" I forced myself to say. I looked back at him and stared into his blue eyes, hoping he understood that I just wasn't ready for something as serious as 'love making'. I knew that most teenagers my age had already lost their virginity, that's just how our society was. \"Okay,\" Simon said, though he seemed reluctant to let the matter drop. He crawled across the bed to sit beside me and kissed my cheek. \"But I'm still sleeping in your bed.\" A/N: Well, the story is even closer to its end. I think it's going to be a chapter longer than I intended though because I want to add an Epilogue as the ending. But I hope you like the update and I'll try to get the next chapter out soon.[Chapter 21] *So this is technically the last chapter, but the Epilogue is next! I'd also like to apologize for how short this chapter is. Chapter 21: Well Duh Annabel's POV I sat up in bed to see that Simon had left. I frowned and glanced around the room. I could tell it was most likely sometime in the afternoon by the bright light shining through my window. I climbed out of bed and headed to the kitchen for a nice yogurt breakfast. I had really missed my favorite dairy product. I wasn't really surprised to see that Simon wasn't hiding out in the kitchen. I figured he must have left, he needed to get that confrontation with his parents over with after all. I was surprised however to see a note on the fridge. I never pinned him as the note leaving type. I slid the magnet over and let the thin paper fall into my hands. Left to see my parents. I might come back later today if I'm not under house arrest. -Simon I smiled to myself and threw the note in the trash, no reason to keep it around after I'd read it, right? I grabbed a yogurt from inside the fridge and then wrestled a spoon out of the cluttered silverware drawer. I headed for the living room, hoping a mystery movie would be playing on one of the many movie channels. I was in luck and made it most of the way through the movie before the doorbell rang. I wasn't angry about missing any of the program because I was positive that the murderer was the gardener. It was just so obvious. I walked down the long hallway that led to the front door and opened it to reveal Simon. \"So, not under house arrest?\" I asked. Simon smiled and shook his head. \"My mother was furious, she eventually just left the room, claiming she couldn't handle me anymore,\" Simon replied. I moved aside so he could enter my home. I locked the door back up and walked with him down the hallway, back to the living room. \"And your dad?\" I asked as we sat on the couch. \"All I had to do was say that I had a fantastic week with a wonderful girl,\" Simon replied. \"I suppose he assumed we slept together a lot during our time together, because he mentioned something about not supporting me if I ever got a girl pregnant as he left the room.\" \"Lets never mention that I was the girl you were with during that week if I'm ever around your family,\" I stated. \"Oh, why not? They'll only think you are a bit slutty,\" Simon teased. I rolled my eyes. Simon glanced at the TV. \"Oh, I've seen this. The husband was the murderer.\" \"What?\" I asked, a bit shocked that my presumption had been wrong. \"But why would he do that?\" \"The gardener and the wife were having an affair,\" Simon replied. \"Why?\" \"Well, I thought it was the gardener,\" I stated. \"I can't believe I was wrong.\" \"You can't always be right,\" Simon said. I shook my head as if his statement was preposterous. Simon's POV Annabel looked a bit put off at the thought that she could possibly be wrong. I grabbed the remote to the TV and started going through the channels. I figured she wouldn't mind much considering the movie was almost over and I had told her the ending. \"What are you doing?\" Annabel asked. \"This is my house and my TV, I get to choose what we watch next.\" \"But I'm your guest. And my mother always says guests come first,\" I replied. \"That's what my dad said,\" Annabel muttered. \"That's why we have an awful cheery bathroom and a comforting guest room.\" \"Yeah, that bathroom is awfully cheery,\" I laughed. I remember that all the yellow had hurt my eyes the first time I went into that room, the second time wasn't quite so bad. I put an arm around Annabel and pulled her closer to me. I picked out a different movie, one that wasn't about murders and cheating. A happy chick-flick. \"So, Simon, am I like your girlfriend now?\" Annabel asked tentatively. She cast her brown eyes up to look at me. I smiled easily and ruffled her hair slightly. \"Well duh,\" I stated. A smile spread across her lips as I leaned down to kiss her. A/N: I'm not at all happy with this chapter but I give up on it because it's not all that important. The last chapter will be added on Monday…probably around noon or whenever I decide to turn on the computer.[Chapter 22] *I'm sad that this is over... I'm going to go cry now Epilogue: One Year Has Passed Simon's POV I made the bed, knowing that if I didn't it would earn me a scolding. Then I made my way to the kitchen. It was pretty spacious, but cluttered with unpacked boxes of dishes and decorations. One window against the wall above the sink lit up the room, making the light hanging from the ceiling useless until night fell. I looked through the cabinets in search of pistachio butter and some bread. I could have sworn I put it on the grocery list. \"Ah-ha!\" I exclaimed once I found the two items my life depended on – seriously, without them and grape jelly, of course, I would never be able to feed myself. I had tried learning to make other easy meals, but they just didn't taste as good as a simple pistachio butter and grape jelly sandwich. Once my sandwich was made, I plopped myself down on the navy blue sofa. I turned on the television and flipped through the channels. I stopped on the gaming channel. They were talking about the new direction K-Soft was taking. \"Ken Castle's eighteen year old daughter and President of K-Soft, has revealed her plans for the company,\" the woman on the screen stated. She flipped her sunflower blond hair off her shoulder, then the screen cut to an image of Annabel Castle, standing in a room full of people, on a stage illuminated by a spotlight. \"Hello, I am Annabel Castle,\" Annabel started, her voice strong and sure. A warm smile graced her lips. \"I have thought long and hard on what to do with my father's company. At first, I really just wanted to shut it down. I didn't think there was anything I could do, and even if I started a new project – would the public trust me? But I finally came to realize that I can't let K-Soft go. It was an important part of my father, though he may not have been well-liked, he created jobs for many American citizens and he helped pull our country out of its large hole of debt. I can not say that I can do the same – but I can assure you we have many new games set to come out in the next two years. Here is a short preview.\" The screen went to a short montage of K-Soft's future games and then cut back to the host lady then I turned off the television. Having finished my sandwich, I brushed the crumbs off my shirt and got up to put my plate in the sink. In the last year, I had graduated from high school and was due to start college in the fall. I planned on going into the video game field. Video games were pretty much my life after all. My father wasn't too happy with my decision, he wanted me to be a lawyer like him. But I was going to follow my dreams not his. I looked at the clock that hung over the calender. If I didn't start unpacking some of the boxes I would be in big trouble. Annabel's POV Lucky me! It started raining when I was only a block away from my new apartment. I was drenched by the time I entered the building. My shoes squeaked against the clean tile floor as I made my way to the elevator. I pushed the button that would take me to the top floor. The doors opened with a ding and I quickly headed to my apartment. I wanted to change out of my wet clothes, plus I was hungry. I opened the door and made my way to the bedroom. In order to get there I had to make my way through the unpacked boxes that littered the living room. Once inside my bedroom, I took off my shirt with a sigh. I hated the feeling of wet clothes stuck to my body. After changing from my soaked clothes to nice dry ones, I hung the wet clothes over the edge of the white bathtub. I turned to leave, only to run into Simon. I rubbed my nose lightly, the feeling of running into his chest hurt quite a bit. I looked up into his blue eyes. \"May I help you Mr. Silverton?\" I asked. He nodded his head in response. \"With what?\" Simon took my hand in his and led me out of the bathroom. Our bedroom also had many unpacked boxes. We were quite the procrastinators. But we had both been busy as well. Not only did I have a company to run, but I was always looking through some of my college text books, trying to get a feel for the material. Simon on the other hand was busy with a new game he had bought, he spent much of his time wrapped up in the fantasy world of games. He had tried to get me interested in them, but I was just not that into it. Though I would occasionally play multiplayer with him, just to spend time with him. Simon's lips pressed against mine as he pushed me down onto our large bed. My fingers ran themselves through his soft hair. His lips moved to my chin, down my neck and ended on my collarbone. He looked up at me through his eyelashes. I couldn't help but smile at him. He brought his lips back to mine and then looked into my eyes. \"I love you,\" he said softly, he seemed a bit scared to be saying this aloud. Perhaps he was scared I would reject him. But I did love him and had for quite some time. And the apparent fear in his voice let me believe his words. Then there was that look in his eyes, I don't even think I could describe it. \"I love you too,\" I stated, kissing his lips reassuringly. And that's when I let go of my self-control. Simon and I made love for the first time. Everything just felt right. My life was working for me. Simon was my family, he was all I could ever need and I knew I could trust him with my heart. No matter how reluctant I was to believe this revelation at first. I just knew we would be together for a long time. A/N: I'd just like to start by saying, I didn't start this story with romantic elements in mind, mostly because I'm not very good at writing believable 'love stories'. But I hope that the ending is satisfying enough. Now on to my thank you's: I thank all of you who have read this story, reviewed it, story alerted it and/or added it to your favorites. It means a lot to me that you like it enough to do any or all of those four things. I'm sorry if I disappointed you with the ending, but it's the only way I could think of to end it. Also, I would list the names of all the people who have reviewed, alerted and favorited, but there are actually a lot of you, especially a lot of story alerters, and I don't want to search through my email to find them all, but you know who you are! - and you are awesome! XD Lastly, I'd like to ask you to leave a review telling me how much you like or disliked the ending, mainly because it is the first happy ending I have ever written. But you don't have to review, it's really no big deal if you do or not... Well, I'm off to go think of a new fan fiction to write. Bye! * waves enthusiastically * XD ","Summary":" *Disclaimer* I do not own anything but the plot and any of the OC's. I am not making a profit off t"},{"Movie":"Robin Hood, 1973","Title":"The Adventures of Robin Hood","Author":"roseflower19","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12304602","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue: How Robert o' Locksley Became Robin Hood Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. However, I did create the prologue, excepting Robin Hood's run-in with the rangers in the forest and his meeting with Little John. Allan a Dale is my name. Thou hast heard of my reputation as a minstrel and wouldst hear me sing? Surely I can answer thy request. Though it be far from my usual ballads, I will play a tune of Robin Hood. I knew him once, and he hath been oft in my thoughts. Let me begin with when he was Robert o' Locksley. I heard that, when he was a young fox kit, he chanced to meet Maid Marian. It was late August, a cool day, the Sun shrouded by clouds. Locksley Town was abustle. Dogs and horses, cats and goats crowded the main road. Nay, they did not heed the merchants with their wares or the innkeepers at their taverns. For the royal carriage was approaching. A sleek fox of a yeoman and his fair wife clasped tight to their kits' paws. \"Where is she, Mother? I can't see her!\" cried their little daughter, Sable. \"Patience,\" replied the mother with a smile. \"Thou wilst find her soon, I warrant.\" \"Can thou seest her, Father? Is she pretty?\" asked Sable, whereupon her father bent for her to scramble onto his back. \"I daresay so,\" quoth the yeoman, \"as thy mother was at that age.\" The mother pressed her paw to her face. \"Oh, do not flatter me so. 'Tis truly a shame she lost her father so young.\" \"Aye, though methinks her uncle and the Queen shall take right good care of her,\" replied the father. Their elder kit, Robert, called Robin, paid no mind to the conversation. Rather, he pressed forward through the crowd. \"Robin, mind thyself,\" called his father. \"I want to see better,\" replied the kit. However, a large hippopotamus stepped before his family, blocking them from sight. Robin faltered. Yet on drove the carriage, and he turned towards it. Several stout elephants wheeled the carriage by a stone's throw from Robin. The curtains over the windows were drawn aside. Within, Queen Eleanor, a somber-seeming lioness; Richard, her regal son; and Maid Marian, a long-lashed fox kit, reposed. All donned black. Thou knowest how the Queen adopted Prince Geoffrey, who became Duke of Brittany. He had been a fox and father of Marian. And, may God keep him, he died not long ago at tournament, leaving his brother Richard and his mother to care for Marian. They wished to keep her secure, so, to that end, they set out now for the castle at Nottingham Town. Poor Marian lifted her handkerchief to her eyes. A perverse wind blew it from her paw, and she began to cry harder. Robin's fur rose in alarm. Shifting paws and hooves trod over the handkerchief. Scrambling after it, Robin was almost crushed 'neath an elephant's foot. At last, he snatched the handkerchief. Fairly running to meet the carriage, he held it towards Marian. Plucking it from him, she dabbed at her eyes. \"Thank thee.\" \"Don't cry anymore,\" said Robin. \"I'll try,\" answered she bravely. The Queen leaned forward to address Robin. \"What art thou called, brave yeoman?\" \"Robin of Locksley.\" He made to stand taller. \"Why, Robin of Locksley, for thine assistance to my granddaughter, thou mayest visit Nottingham Castle any day thou pleasest,\" quoth Queen Eleanor. \"Every day. I'll come every day!\" Robin began to fall behind the carriage, for he could keep pace no longer. \"There's a stout fellow if mine eyes ever beheld one,\" quoth Prince Richard. As the carriage continued on, Marian waved farewell to Robin. He waved vigorously in turn. Robin strove mighty hard to keep his promise. Nigh every day he, his parents, and Sable traversed near Sherwood Forest to Nottingham Castle. On this particular day, his parents had given him a bow, it being eighth August, his birthday. The sun winked in and out 'tween the clouds. The lush trees round the forest offered many a shooting target. Robin slowed often to test his bow. \"Be careful,\" quoth his father. \"Thou art aiming it rather too high.\" \"I'm trying to strike the pine cone,\" answered Robin. His arm straining, he drew the bow back. The arrow shot well past the pine cone dangling from the nearby fir and lodged in the tree. \"I'll get it,\" said he. Though he scrambled to climb the tree, the lowest branch proved too high to climb. \"Do let me help thee, my son,\" quoth his mother. Lacing her fingers, she bent to offer him a foot hold. Once securely on the lowest limb, the kit clambered from branch to branch. At last, he reached the arrow. Leaning forward, he plucked it from the leaves and cast it down. Then he returned as he came. \"Let me try! Let me try!\" cried Sable. \"I want to shoot!\" \"Here, Sable.\" Her brother offered her the bow, which she struggled with more than he. Her arrow far missed the pine and landed in the grass. \"Thou shouldst aim higher,\" quoth their mother. Sable pouted. Returning the arrow to Robin, their father motioned his family onwards. \"We must not keep Maid Marian waiting.\" On they traversed. Sable commented upon the melodies of the birds and the greyness of the sky. Robin raced ahead. In due time, the castle loomed before them. Elephants kept their guard on the castle wall 'tween the minarets, the standards snapping in the wind. The gate was lifted, allowing them to proceed to Marian's courtyard. \"Oh, Robin!\" Setting down her book, she hurried to them. Her head scarf swished behind her. \"Look at my new bow!\" Eagerly Robin held it out for her to view. \"Ooh de lally!\" She clapped her paws. \"It's quite lovely!\" \"Dost thou want to try it?\" \"Aye, I would!\" As she took it from him, he rubbed his paws in anticipation. \"Careful, there, lassie.\" Lady Kluck, Marian's lady-in-waiting, waddled over, lifting her skirt hem. \"I would fain shoot better than thee many a day.\" \"Klucky, I don't believe thee wouldst,\" quoth Marian with a smile. Taking aim at an apple on a tree, she loosed the arrow. Alas, she had little experience with a bow. The arrow sailed past the tree and through an open window. \"We'll be in trouble.\" Sable hid her face in her paws. \"Mine uncle John is visiting,\" quoth Marian. \"His chamber is through that window. He'll be ever so upset.\" \"Don't worry,\" quoth Robin. \"We can climb through the window and get it before he sees.\" \"Mayhap he shall catch sight of ye,\" quoth their father. \"And ye shall have a right hard time of it.\" Sable nodded vigorously. \"Go ahead,\" countered their mother, \"and we shall provide distraction if he comes.\" Thus, Robin waved Marian and Sable to the window. \"Stand on my shoulders, Marian, and Sable can climb up and through the window.\" With Robin's aid, Marian climbed onto his shoulders and reached for Sable; she almost fell forward. \"Robin, I don't like this.\" \"Marian, hold on to me,\" quoth Sable. Marian lifted Sable into the air. \"Almost there,\" quoth Sable. The youngest kit scrabbled at the window ledge. \"I can't keep hold.\" Robin strained under the weight. \"I'm in,\" said Sable, her tail disappearing through the window. Marian again overbalanced. She and Robin toppled to the ground. \"Ye look like two sweethearts,\" quoth Lady Kluck, coming over. Marian gazed at Robin wide-eyed, and he wrinkled his nose. \"Nay, methinks not,\" quoth he. \"Nor I,\" said she. Hastily they separated. \"I found it!\" cried Sable from within Prince John's chamber. \"Wonderful,\" replied Marian. \"Comest to the window. We'll help thee down.\" However, a yowl rent the air, as if from an injured feline. \"Mother!\" cried Prince John. \"A fox is in my room! A fox! Mother, help!\" Sable chirped in alarm. \"Not Prince John.\" Robin's paws curled in fists. \"He can't hurt her,\" quoth Marian. \"He can't.\" Footsteps scurried to the courtyard door, and Prince John entered, carrying Sable by her scruff. \"Whose kit is this?\" demanded the lion. \"What was she doing in my chamber?\" \"If thou wouldst, release my daughter.\" Sable's mother straightened. \"Thou hast affrighted her.\" She spoke with such firmness that Prince John immediately dropped Sable, who ran to her father. He embraced her. \"Mayhap thou shalt find an arrow lodged right well in thy foot next time,\" quoth the father. In response, the prince began to whimper and gnaw on his thumb. \"What is this commotion?\" None other than Prince Richard himself strode into the courtyard, tailed by Queen Eleanor. \"Your Highness, Your Majesty.\" The mother curtsied and explained the predicament. Upon her finishing, Queen Eleanor turned to Prince John. \"I am most disappointed that thou hast treated our guests so poorly.\" \"Mother!\" cried Prince John, who began to wail. Robin, Marian, and Sable attempted, not entirely successfully, to smother their laughter. Many days such as this passed cheerfully and well. The sun's course shortened, and the moon's reign lengthened. A year ran by, until the day when Lady Fortune set her wheel in motion. Robin had made great progress in shooting; all who witnessed him declared him one of the finest archers in England. One day, bow in paw, he sauntered towards Nottingham Castle and whistled. His new feathered cap was askew on his head. He had not a care but the sweet birdsong in the forest. When he reached Marian's courtyard, Marian herself rushed to greet him. \"Robin, thou lookest quite jaunty,\" quoth she, embracing him. He laughed and held her near. \"With thy cap, thou mayest be called Robin Hood.\" \"Robin Hood. I do like it.\" Taking his dagger, he commenced carving into the trunk of a certain apple tree. \"I shall write our intials here, and we shall forever remember our time together.\" He stepped away. \"RH\" and \"MM\" were entwined by a heart. Marian smiled but rapidly grew somber. \"I do hope that we shall not forget,\" quoth she. \"I cannot stay here much longer.\" \"Marian, what dost thou mean?\" He grasped her forepaws. \"I must go to London. Uncle Richard and Grandmother think it best I should be nearer them since they have returned to court there. I meant to tell thee sooner, but I could not.\" She leaned towards him as if in expectation. \"I promise by the North Star I shan't forget thee,\" quoth he. \"I shall come as often as I may.\" \"But London is quite far away.\" She stepped away, her shoulders wilting. \"Much farther than here.\" \"I shall fly there if I can find no other way.\" He spread his arms wide. \"The distance means naught to me.\" Then she smiled slightly. \"Thou art too sweet.\" Alas that Robin could not keep his promise. On his return, he encountered royal rangers on the road by the forest; three there were in all, two weasels and a wolf, making themselves merry with feasting and drinking as they sat around a huge pasty, to which each animal helped himself, thrusting his hands into the pie, and washing down that which they ate with great tankards of ale which they drew all foaming from a barrel that stood nigh. Each man was clad in Lincoln green, and a fine show they made, seated upon the sward beneath that fair, spreading tree. Then the wolf, the nephew of the Sheriff of Nottingham, called out to Robin, \"Hulloa, where goest thou, little lad, with thy one-penny bow and thy farthing shafts?\" Then the fox grew angry, for no stripling likes to be taunted with his green years. \"Now,\" quoth he, \"my bow and eke mine arrows are as good as shine.\" Then one of the weasels, who held a horn of ale in his hand said, \"Ho! Why, thou art scarce more than a kit, and scarce able to draw one string of a two-stone bow.\" \"I'll hold the best of you twenty marks,\" quoth foxy Robin, \"that I hit the clout at threescore rods, by the good help of Our Lady fair.\" At this all laughed aloud, and the other weasel said, \"Well boasted, thou fair infant, well boasted! And well thou knowest that no target is nigh to make good thy wager.\" At this Robin grew right mad. \"Hark ye,\" said he, \"with the aid of Our Lady, I wager I can shoot better than thee at a wand threescore rods distant.\" \"Now done!\" cried the wolf. \"And I wager that thou cannot hit such a mark, with or without the aid of Our Lady.\" Outraged, Robin snapped a limb from a nearby tree and whittled it with his dagger to no bigger than his thumb and no longer than his arm. This he set threescore rods away. Then Robin took his good yew bow in his hand, and placing the tip at his instep, he strung it right deftly; then he nocked a broad clothyard arrow and, raising the bow, drew the feather to his ear; the next moment the bowstring rang and the arrow sped down the glade as a sparrowhawk skims in a northern wind. It split the wand in half down the middle. \"Ha!\" cried Robin, \"how likest thou that shot, good fellow? I wot the wager were mine, an it were three hundred pounds.\" Then all the foresters were filled with rage, and he who had spoken the first and had lost the wager was more angry than all. Of a sudden, without any warning, he sprang to his feet, and seized upon his bow and fitted it to a shaft. \"Ay,\" cried he, \"and thou shalt not live to tell of it.\" And he sent the arrow whistling after Robin. It was well for Robin that that same forester's head was spinning with ale, or else he would never have taken another step. As it was, the arrow whistled within three inches of his head. Then he turned around and quickly drew his own bow, and sent an arrow back in return. \"Ye said I was no archer,\" cried he aloud, \"but say so now again!\" The shaft flew straight; the wolf fell forward with a cry, and lay on his face upon the ground, his arrows rattling about him from out of his quiver. \"It cannot be,\" cried Robin. \"Dear Lady, please let him not be dead.\" As if in answer to his prayer, the wolf stirred. Then, before the others could gather their wits about them, Robin Hood was gone into the depths of the greenwood. The weasels remained behind to lift the wolf up and bear him away to Nottingham Town to see a doctor. Meanwhile Robin ran through the greenwood. Gone was all the joy and brightness from everything, for his heart was sick within him, and it was borne in upon his soul that he had almost slain an animal. \"Alas!\" cried he, \"had the arrow struck a finger's breadth differently, I would have killed him! I cannot show myself in Locksley Town. The Sheriff will have me outlawed. Marian, I'm sorry I cannot see thee more.\" And then, even in his trouble, he remembered the old saw that \"What is done is done; and the egg cracked cannot be cured.\" It came as he guessed. The Sheriff, for the injury to his nephew, brought the case before King Henry, who declared Robin an outlaw and set a bounty of a thousand pounds on his head. Ever anon, the Sheriff swore not to rest until he had avenged himself on Robin. News shortly reached Marian. She sank onto the bed in her chamber, clutching a wanted poster of Robin and sighing. \"Klucky, what am I to do? He cannot come here for fear of capture. I cannot go to him without being charged with sympathizing with an outlaw. Grandfather will not hear my pleas. What can I do?\" Lady Kluck looked up from her knitting needles. \"Cheer up, Marian. It does not do thee good to worry. He would not want that.\" Marian shook her head. \"What if he forgets me? Wherever he is, he'll be so focused on hiding, he will not think of me.\" At her words, Lady Kluck set her needles aside. \"Marian, methinks he shall come back and take thee with him. As they say, love conquers all.\" Marian smiled faintly at Robin's likeness on the poster. \"I would that he would.\" Robin's family also grew concerned when he did not return at his appointed time; as the news reached them of his outlawed status, concern grew to fear. Sable scarcely touched her food. Nudging the food around her plate, she soon gave up. \"Sable,\" quoth her father. \"Thou needst eat. Thou wilt grow sickly.\" \"What will they do to him?\" She smacked her paws on the table. \"What if they find him? They'll take him to prison, and kill him, and...\" Her mother shook her head. \"We must have faith that he can survive. He hath been always a keen fox, and a good paw at a bow. The Sheriff cannot outfox our Robin.\" Sable gnawed at her lower lip. \"If it consoles thee,\" quoth her father, wrapping his forearm around her, \"we are right worried, as well. We shall do as we can to right this. Until that time, we must trust him, as thy mother said so well.\" Sniffling, Sable sat aright. \"Aye. Nobody's faster than Big Brother.\" And so Robin came to dwell in the greenwood that was to be his home for many a year to come, never again to see the happy days with the lads and lasses of sweet Locksley Town. He fixed a camp in a clearing; a clothesline he made of the branches of trees, a table from a fallen oak, and he rested within a shelter constructed of bark from the same tree. The greenwood provided all the nuts, berries, and grass he could desire. He had not lived in this way for more than a few days when he decided he needed pots and pans for cooking. So he struck out on a forest road; mayhap he could meet a tinker or peddler on the way. He strode away through the leafy forest glades until he had come to the verge of Sherwood. There he wandered for a long time, through highway and byway, through dingly dell and forest skirts. Now he met a fair buxom lass in a shady lane, and each gave the other a merry word and passed their way; now he saw a fair lady, to whom he doffed his cap, and who bowed sedately in return; now he saw a fat monk; now a gallant knight, with spear and shield and armor that flashed brightly in the sunlight; now a page clad in crimson; and now a stout burgher from good Nottingham Town, pacing along with serious footsteps; all these sights he saw, but a peddler found he none. At last he took a road by the forest skirts, a bypath that dipped toward a broad, pebbly stream spanned by a narrow bridge made of a log of wood. As he drew nigh this bridge he saw a tall bear coming from the other side. Thereupon the fox quickened his pace, as did the stranger likewise, each thinking to cross first. \"Now stand thou back,\" quoth Robin, \"and let the better animal cross first.\" \"Nay,\" answered the bear, \"then stand back shine own self, for the better animal, I wot, am I.\" \"That will we presently see,\" quoth Robin, \"and meanwhile stand thou where thou art, or else, by the bright brow of Saint Ælfrida, I will show thee right good Nottingham play.\" \"Now,\" quoth the stranger, \"I will tan thy hide till it be as many colors as a beggar's cloak, if thou darest so much as touch a string of that same bow that thou holdest in thy hands.\" \"Tsk, tsk,\" said Robin, \"I could send this shaft clean through thy cap before a curtal friar could say grace over a roast goose at Michaelmastide.\" \"Thou art a coward,\" answered the bear, \"for thou standest there with a good yew bow to shoot at my heart, while I have nought in my hand but a plain blackthorn staff wherewith to meet thee.\" \"Now,\" quoth Robin, \"by the faith of my heart, never have I had a coward's name in all my life before. I will lay by my trusty bow and eke my arrows, and if thou darest abide my coming, I will go and cut a cudgel.\" \"Ay, marry, that will I abide thy coming, and joyously, too,\" quoth the stranger; whereupon he leaned sturdily upon his staff to await Robin. Then Robin stepped quickly to the coverside and cut a good staff of ground oak, straight, without new, and six feet in length, and came back trimming away the tender stems from it, while the stranger waited for him, leaning upon his staff, and whistling as he gazed round about. Robin observed him furtively as he trimmed his staff, measuring him from top to toe from out the corner of his eye, and thought that he had never seen a lustier or a stouter animal. Tall was Robin, but taller was the stranger by a head. Broad was Robin across the shoulders, but broader was the stranger by thrice a forepaw. \"Nevertheless,\" said Robin to himself, \"I will baste thy hide right merrily, my good fellow\"; then, aloud, \"Lo, here is my good staff, lusty and tough. Now wait my coming, an thou darest, and meet me an thou fearest not. Then we will fight until one or the other of us tumble into the stream by dint of blows.\" \"Marry, that meeteth my whole heart!\" cried the stranger, twirling his staff above his head, betwixt his fingers and thumb, until it whistled again. In a moment Robin stepped quickly upon the bridge where the stranger stood; first he made a feint, and then delivered a blow at the stranger's head that, had it met its mark, would have tumbled him speedily into the water. But the bear turned the blow right deftly and in return gave one as stout, which the fox also turned as the bear had done. So they stood, each in his place, neither moving a finger's-breadth back, for one good hour, and many blows were given and received by each in that time, till here and there were sore bones and bumps, yet neither thought of crying \"Enough,\" nor seemed likely to fall from off the bridge. Now and then they stopped to rest, and each thought that he never had seen in all his life before such a paw at quarterstaff. At last Robin gave the stranger a blow upon the ribs that made his jacket smoke like a damp straw thatch in the sun. So shrewd was the stroke that the stranger came within a hair's-breadth of falling off the bridge, but he regained himself right quickly and, by a dexterous blow, gave Robin a crack on the crown that caused the blood to flow. Then Robin grew mad with anger and smote with all his might at the other. But the stranger warded the blow and once again thwacked Robin, and this time so fairly that he fell heels over head into the water, as the queen pin falls in a game of bowls. \"And where art thou now, my good kit?\" shouted the stranger, roaring with laughter. \"Oh, in the flood and floating adown with the tide,\" cried Robin, nor could he forbear laughing himself at his sorry plight. Then, gaining his feet, he waded to the bank, the little fish speeding hither and thither, all frightened at his splashing. \"Give me thy paw,\" cried he, when he had reached the bank. \"I must needs own thou art a brave and a sturdy soul and, withal, a good stout stroke with the cudgels. By this and by that, my head hummeth like to a hive of bees on a hot June day.\" \"And thou,\" quoth the stranger, laughing, \"takest thy cudgeling like a brave heart and a stout yeoman.\" \"Now hark ye, good youth, wilt thou stay with me?\" asked Robin. \"Three suits of Lincoln green shalt thou have each year, beside forty marks in fee. We shall feast in the greenwood those who take from the poor for their own gain and levy a fee for the inn we run, to return to the poor, and no female or child shall we harm. Mine own good right-paw animal shalt thou be, for never did I see such a cudgel player in all my life before. Speak! Wilt thou be my right-paw animal?\" \"That know I not,\" quoth the stranger surlily. \"If ye handle yew bow and apple shaft no better than ye do oaken cudgel, I wot ye are not fit to be called yeoman in my country; but if thou canst shoot a better shaft than I, then will I bethink me of joining with you.\" \"Now by my faith,\" said Robin, \"thou art a right saucy varlet, sirrah; yet I will stoop to thee as I never stooped before.\" Then he cut a fair white piece of bark four fingers in breadth and set it fourscore yards distant on yonder oak. \"Now, stranger, hit that fairly with a gray goose shaft and call thyself an archer.\" \"Ay, marry, that will I,\" answered he. \"Give me a good stout bow and a fair broad arrow, and if I hit it not, strip me and beat me blue with bowstrings.\" Then he chose the stoutest bow among them all, next to Robin's own, and a straight shaft, well-feathered and smooth, and stepping to the mark—while the fox rested upon the greensward and watched to see him shoot—he drew the arrow to his cheek and loosed the shaft right deftly, sending it so straight down the path that it clove the mark in the very center. \"Aha!\" cried he, \"mend thou that if thou canst.\" \"That is a keen shot indeed,\" quoth Robin. \"Mend it I cannot, but mar it I may, perhaps.\" Then taking up his own good stout bow and nocking an arrow with care, he shot with his very greatest skill. Straight flew the arrow, and so true that it lit fairly upon the stranger's shaft and split it into splinters. \"Now by the lusty yew bow of good Saint Withold,\" cried the bear, \"that is a shot indeed, and never saw I the like in all my life before! Now truly will I be thy animal henceforth and for aye.\" \"Then have I gained a right good man this day,\" quoth foxy Robin. \"What name goest thou by, good fellow?\" \"Animals call me John Little whence I came,\" answered the stranger. \"I like not thy name and fain would I have it otherwise. Little art thou indeed, and small of bone and sinew, therefore shalt thou be Little John,\" said Robin, laughing. \"An thou make a jest of me,\" quoth the bear, \"thou wilt have sore bones and little pay, and that in short season.\" \"Nay, good friend,\" said Robin Hood, \"bottle thine anger, for the name fitteth thee well. Little John shall thou be called henceforth, and Little John shall it be.\" \"Fine, if it must be so,\" relented Little John. \"What name do others know thee by?\" \"Robin Hood,\" answered the fox, for no longer could he call himself Robin of Locksley. \"Well, Robin Hood, I guess 'tis to the forest for us,\" said the bear. And so the two of them sauntered into the greenwood. And thus it was that Robin Hood became outlawed; thus he gained his right-paw animal, Little John; thus they agreed to rob the rich for the poor, who praised them in speech and song; and so the prologue ends. And now I will tell how they met their first merry adventure.[Chapter 2] Part One Chapter One: Little John as Friar Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. However, I did create the dialogue between the rhinoceros and Little John. The new companions rested underneath a greenwood tree, neither wishing to do anything on account of the day's humidity. Instead, they shared merry tales from their hometowns. Many a time they laughed, each attempting to tell a wilder story than the last, when Little John mentioned an occasion that they had experienced quite recently. \"Robin,\" quoth he, \"remember when we passed the night at the Blue Boar Inn with the beggars and the strolling friar? That was a merry time.\" Robin chuckled. \"Yea. Thou triedest to snatch a kiss from the hostess and earnedest a tankard of ale over thy head.\" Little John frowned. \"Nay, I meant the song the strolling friar sang. It was a goodly tune.\" Clearing his throat, he began to sing: \" In the blossoming hedge the robin cock sings, For the sun it is merry and bright, And he joyfully hops and he flutters his wings, For his heart is all full of delight. For the May bloometh fair, And there's little of care, And plenty to eat in the Maytime rare. When the flowers all die, Then off he will fly, To keep himself warm In some jolly old barn Whether the snow and the wind neither chill him nor harm. For such is the life of the strolling friar, With a plenty to eat and to drink: For the goodwife will keep him a seat by the fire, And the pretty girls smile at his wink. Then he lustily trolls, As onward he strolls, As rollicking song for the saving of souls. When the wind doth blow, With the coming of snow, There's a place by the fire For the fatherly friar, And a crab in the bowl for his heart's desire.\" Scratching his belly, the bear continued. \"Methinks I would rather be a strolling friar than aught else in the world, if I were not here in Sherwood Forest.\" \"I don't know, Johnny.\" The fox spread his arms behind his head. \"Methought the beggars had the merrier lot. Thou dost recall the tale one of them told, of the fair in Yorkshire?\" \"Yea.\" Of a sudden, Little John sat straight aright. \"Say, Rob, how about if thou spent the day as a beggar, and I went as a friar? We could then see who has the merrier life.\" \"Ooh de lally! What a fine idea!\" At once, Robin leapt to his feet. \"Thou shalt procure a friar's robe, and I will change clothes with a beggar on the road.\" \"That suits me,\" quoth Little John. So they set forth on their way, sauntering along until they met a fork in the main highway, one path leading to Blyth, the other to Gainsborough. Here they halted. \"I will take the road to Blyth,\" quoth Robin, \"and thou takest the one to Gainsborough. God by to thee, fair friar, and may thee havest not cause to pray for Our Lady's assistance.\" \"Aye, and may thou not havest reason to beg anyone for mercy,\" said Little John. So saying, they took their leave of one another. For the moment, we shall follow Little John and return to Robin shortly. Little John walked along, whistling, for no one was nigh upon all the road. In the budding hedges the little birds twittered merrily, and on either hand the green hills swept up to the sky, the great white clouds of springtime sailing slowly over their crowns in lazy flight. At the crest of the hill, he encountered a friar, a fat rhinoceros, huffing as he stomped along, pulling at his grey robes. \"Hulloa, friar!\" quoth Little John. \"Good day to thee!\" \"I have not the time for idle chatter, yeoman,\" said the rhinoceros, scarcely halting. \"I must return to my friary on important business.\" \"Methinks thou hast time enough to spare for a greeting.\" The bear blocked the friar's path, and, though he attempted to circumvent him, the bear only moved with him. As he moved, the rhinoceros's steps jingled. \"Important business indeed,\" quoth Little John to himself. Aloud, he said, \"I have taken a liking to thy trade and would try it for a day. Lend me thy robe, brother.\" \"Absolutely not!\" roared the friar. \"The robes doth not make thee a friar, thick-headed bear. Thou must undergo education and an oath before thou canst join our brethren. Thou art no friar. Nay, likewise, I am no yeoman.\" \"Thick-headed bear?\" Little John frowned. \"I am not so thick-headed I cannot see what thou art doing, friar. Thou wilt return to thy friary with tithes from the poor; thou sayest thou art an animal of the cloth, who would steal from the poor?\" \"They give what they are due,\" quoth the rhinoceros. \"We only use it as God intended.\" \"I am not so certain about that. Did God intend for thee to bleed the poor dry so thou canst have robes of silk? I think not!\" All this time, the bear had been advancing towards the friar, who watched him warily. Now he unsheathed his blade and held it to the friar's stomach. \"Thou wilst give me thy robes, or I will stick thee more full of holes than a pincushion.\" Immediately, the friar stripped off his robes; Little John took them, his blade still trained at the rhinoceros. \"Dost thou want my tithes, as well?\" Quaking, the friar handed over his money bag. \"Take it. 'Tis all I have, I swear by the Blessed Mother.\" Pocketing the money bag, Little John said, \"Thou canst have my tunic and hat. 'Tis only fair.\" \"Keep thy garments,\" quoth the friar. \"I care not to be reduced to a yeoman. And may the Devil take thee for thy sins.\" So saying, he stomped away, his undergarment snapping around his feet. \"What a pleasant fellow,\" quoth the bear. Storing the bag on his belt, he removed his cap and slipped the robe on. It hung almost a palm's breadth above his ankles and strained at the shoulders, but he folded his paws in his sleeves and continued on. He scarcely could contain a chuckle at how peculiar he must look. Up hill and down dale walked Little John, the fresh wind blowing in his face and his robes fluttering behind him, and so at last he came to a crossroad that led to Tuxford. Here he met three pretty lasses, a minx, a cow, and a bear, each bearing a basket of wheat to market. Quoth he, \"Whither away, fair maids?\" And he stood in their path, holding his staff in front of them, to stop them. Then they huddled together and nudged one another, and one presently spake up and said, \"We are going to the Tuxford market, holy friar, to sell our wheat.\" \"Now out upon it!\" quoth Little John, looking upon them with his head on one side. \"Surely, it is a pity that such fair lasses should be forced to carry wheat to market. Let me tell you, an I had the shaping of things in this world, ye should all three have been clothed in the finest silks, with pages at your side, and feed upon nothing but strawberries; for such a life would surely befit your looks.\" At this speech all three of the pretty maids looked down, blushing and simpering. The minx said, \"La!\" the cow, \"Marry, a' maketh sport of us!\" and the bear, \"Listen, now, to the holy man!\" But at the same time they looked at Little John from out the corners of their eyes. \"Now, look you,\" said Little John, \"I cannot see such dainty damsels as ye are carrying baskets along a highroad. Let me take them mine own self, and one of you, if ye will, may carry my staff for me.\" \"Nay,\" said one of the lasses, \"but thou canst not carry three baskets all at one time.\" \"Yea, but I can,\" said the bear, \"and that I will show you presently. I thank the good Saint Wilfred that he hath given me a pretty wit. Look ye, now. Here I take this great basket, so; here I tie my rosary around the handle, thus; and here I slip the rosary over my head and sling the basket upon my back, in this wise.\" And Little John did according to his words, the basket hanging down behind him like a peddler's pack; then, giving his staff to the bear, and taking a basket upon either arm, he turned his face toward Tuxford Town and stepped forth merrily, a laughing maid on either side, and one walking ahead, carrying the staff. In this wise they journeyed along, and everyone they met stopped and looked after them, laughing, for never had anybody seen such a merry sight as this tall, strapping Gray Friar, with robes all too short for him, laden with wheat, and tramping the road with three pretty lasses. For this Little John cared not a whit, but when such folks gave jesting words to him he answered back as merrily, speech for speech. So they stepped along toward Tuxford, chatting and laughing, until they came nigh to the town. Here Little John stopped and set down the baskets, for he did not care to go into the town lest he should, perchance, meet some of the Sheriff's men. \"Alas! sweet chucks,\" quoth he, \"here I must leave you. I had not thought to come this way, but I am glad that I did so. Now, ere we part, we must drink sweet friendship.\" So saying, he unslung the pottle from the end of his staff, and, drawing the stopper therefrom, he handed it to the bear who had carried his staff, first wiping the mouth of the pottle upon his sleeve. Then each lass took a fair drink of what was within, and when it had passed all around, Little John finished what was left, so that not another drop could be squeezed from it. Then, kissing each lass sweetly, he wished them all good den, and left them. But the maids stood looking after him as he walked away whistling. \"What a pity,\" quoth the bear, \"that such a stout, lusty lad should be in holy orders.\" \"Marry,\" quoth Little John to himself, as he strode along, \"yon was no such ill happening; Saint Dunstan send me more of the like.\" After he had trudged along for a time he began to wax thirsty again in the warmth of the day. He shook his pottle beside his ear, but not a sound came therefrom. Then he placed it to his lips and tilted it high aloft, but not a drop was there. \"Little John! Little John!\" said the bear sadly to himself, shaking his head the while, \"females will be thy ruin yet, if thou dost not take better care of thyself.\" But at last he reached the crest of a certain hill, and saw below a sweet little thatched inn lying snugly in the dale beneath him, toward which the road dipped sharply. At the sight of this, a voice within him cried aloud, \"I give thee joy, good friend, for yonder is thy heart's delight, to wit, a sweet rest and a cup of brown beer.\" So he quickened his pace down the hill and so came to the little inn, from which hung a sign with a stag's head painted upon it. In front of the door three merry fellows, a tinker, a badger; a peddler, a beaver; and a beggar, a dog, were seated on a bench in the sun quaffing stout ale. \"I give you good den, sweet friends,\" quoth Little John, striding up to where they sat. \"Give thee good den, holy father,\" quoth the merry Beggar-dog with a grin. \"But look thee, thy gown is too short. Thou hadst best cut a piece off the top and tack it to the bottom, so that it may be long enough. But come, sit beside us here and take a taste of ale, if thy vows forbid thee not.\" \"Nay,\" quoth the bear, also grinning, \"the blessed Saint Dunstan hath given me a free dispensation for all indulgence in that line.\" And he thrust his hand into his pouch for money to pay his score. \"Truly,\" quoth the Tinker, \"without thy looks belie thee, holy friar, the good Saint Dunstan was wise, for without such dispensation his votary is like to ha' many a penance to make. Nay, take thy hand from out thy pouch, brother, for thou shalt not pay this shot. Ho, landlord, a pot of ale!\" So the ale was brought and given to Little John. Then, blowing the froth a little way to make room for his lips, he tilted the bottom of the pot higher and higher, till it pointed to the sky, and he had to shut his eyes to keep the dazzle of the sunshine out of them. Then he took the pot away, for there was nothing in it, and heaved a full deep sigh, looking at the others with moist eyes and shaking his head solemnly. \"Ho, landlord!\" cried the Peddler, \"bring this good fellow another pot of ale, for truly it is a credit to us all to have one among us who can empty a canakin so lustily.\" So they talked among themselves merrily, until after a while quoth Little John, \"Who rideth those two nags yonder?\" \"Two holy men like thee, brother,\" quoth the dog. \"They are now having a goodly feast within, for I smelled the steam of a vegetable pie just now. The landlady sayeth they come from Fountain Abbey, in Yorkshire, and go to Lincoln on matters of business.\" \"They are a merry couple,\" said the badger, \"for one is as lean as an old wife's spindle, and the other as fat as a suet pudding.\" \"Talking of fatness,\" said the beaver, \"thou thyself lookest none too ill-fed, holy friar.\" \"Nay, truly,\" said Little John, \"thou seest in me what the holy Saint Dunstan can do for them that serve him upon a handful of parched peas and a trickle of cold water.\" At this a great shout of laughter went up. \"Truly, it is a wondrous thing,\" quoth the Beggar, \"I would have made my vow, to see the manner in which thou didst tuck away yon pot of ale, that thou hadst not tasted clear water for a brace of months. Has not this same holy Saint Dunstan taught thee a goodly song or two?\" \"Why, as for that,\" quoth Little John, grinning, \"mayhap he hath lent me aid to learn a ditty or so.\" \"Then, prythee, let us hear how he hath taught thee,\" quoth the Tinker. At this Little John cleared his throat and, after a word or two about a certain hoarseness that troubled him, sang thus: \" Ah, pretty, pretty maid, whither dost thou go? I prythee, prythee, wait for thy lover also, And we'll gather the rose As it sweetly blows, For the merry, merry winds are blo-o-o-wing .\" He had got no farther than this when the door of the inn opened and out came the two brothers of Fountain Abbey, the landlord following them, and, as the saying is, washing his hands with humble soap. But when the brothers of Fountain Abbey saw who it was that sang, and how he was clad in the robes of a Gray Friar, they stopped suddenly, the fat little Brother, a sheep, drawing his heavy eyebrows together in a mighty frown, and the thin Brother, a horse, twisting up his face as though he had sour beer in his mouth. Then, as Little John gathered his breath for a new verse, \"How, now,\" roared forth the fat Brother, his voice coming from him like loud thunder from a little cloud, \"thou naughty fellow, is this a fit place for one in thy garb to tipple and sing profane songs?\" \"Nay,\" quoth Little John, \"sin' I cannot tipple and sing, like Your Worship's reverence, in such a goodly place as Fountain Abbey, I must e'en tipple and sing where I can.\" \"Now, out upon thee,\" cried the tall lean Brother in a harsh voice, \"now, out upon thee, that thou shouldst so disgrace thy cloth by this talk and bearing.\" \"Marry, come up!\" quoth the bear. \"Disgrace, sayest thou? Methinks it is more disgrace for one of our garb to wring hard-earned farthings out of the gripe of poor lean peasants. It is not so, brother?\" At this the Tinker and the Peddler and the Beggar nudged one another, and all grinned, and the friars scowled blackly at Little John; but they could think of nothing further to say, so they turned to go. Then Little John arose of a sudden from the bench where he sat, and ran to where the brothers of Fountain Abbey were mounting. Quoth he, \"Truly, your words have smitten my sinful heart, so that I will abide no longer in this den of evil, but will go forward with you. No vile temptation, I wot, will fall upon me in such holy company.\" \"Nay, fellow,\" said the horse harshly, for he saw that Little John made sport of them, \"we want none of thy company, so get thee gone.\" \"Alas,\" quoth Little John, \"I am truly sorry that ye like me not nor my company, but as for leaving you, it may not be, for my heart is so moved, that, willy-nilly, I must go with you for the sake of your holy company.\" Now, at this talk all the good fellows on the bench grinned till their teeth glistened, and even the landlord could not forbear to smile. As for the friars, they looked at one another with a puzzled look, and knew not what to do in the matter. They were so proud that it made them feel sick with shame to think of walking along the highroad with a strolling friar, in robes all too short for him, running beside them, but yet they could not make Little John stay against his will, for they knew he could crack the bones of both of them in a twinkling were he so minded. Then up spake the sheep more mildly than he had done before. \"Nay, good brother,\" said he, \"we will run fast, and thou wilt tire to death at the pace.\" \"Truly, I am grateful to thee for the thought of me,\" quoth Little John, \"but have no fear, brother; my limbs are stout, and I could run like a hare from here to Gainsborough.\" At these words a sound of laughing came from the bench, whereat the lean Brother's wrath boiled over, like water into the fire, with great fuss and noise. \"Now, out upon thee, thou naughty fellow!\" he cried. \"Art thou not ashamed to bring disgrace so upon our cloth? Bide thee here, thou sot, with these porkers. Thou art no fit company for us.\" \"La, ye there now!\" quoth the bear. \"Thou hearest, landlord; thou art not fit company for these holy men; go back to thine alehouse. Nay, if these most holy brothers of mine do but give me the word, I'll beat thy head with this stout staff till it is as soft as whipped eggs.\" At these words a great shout of laughter went up from those on the bench, and the landlord's face grew red as a cherry from smothering his laugh in his stomach; but he kept his merriment down, for he wished not to bring the ill-will of the brothers of Fountain Abbey upon him by unseemly mirth. So the two brethren, as they could do nought else, turned their noses toward Lincoln and rode away. \"I cannot stay longer, sweet friends,\" quoth Little John, as he pushed in betwixt the two friars, \"therefore I wish you good den. Off we go, we three.\" So saying, he swung his stout staff over his shoulder and trudged off, measuring his pace with that of the two friars. The two brothers glowered at Little John when he so pushed himself betwixt them, then they drew as far away from him as they could, so that the yeoman walked in the middle of the road, while they walked on the footpath on either side of the way. As they so went away, the badger, the beaver, and the dog ran skipping out into the middle of the highway, each with a pot in his hand, and looked after them laughing. While they were in sight of those at the inn, the brothers walked soberly, not caring to make ill matters worse by seeming to run away from Little John, for they could not but think how it would sound in folks' ears when they heard how the brethren of Fountain Abbey scampered away from a strolling friar, like the Ugly One, when the blessed Saint Dunstan loosed his nose from the red-hot tongs where he had held it fast; but when they had crossed the crest of the hill and the inn was lost to sight, quoth the sheep to the horse, \"Brother Ambrose, had we not better mend our pace?\" \"Why truly, gossip,\" spoke up Little John, \"methinks it would be well to boil our pot a little faster, for the day is passing on. So it will not jolt thy fat too much, onward, say I.\" At this the two friars said nothing, but they glared again on Little John with baleful looks; then, without another word, they broke into a run. So they ran for a mile and more, and Little John ran betwixt them as lightly as a stag and never turned a hair with the running. At last the fat Brother stopped with a groan. \"Alas,\" said the bear, with not so much as a catch in his breath, \"I did sadly fear that the roughness of this pace would shake thy poor old fat paunch.\" To this the sheep said never a word, but he stared straight before him, and he gnawed his nether lip. And now they traveled forward more quietly, Little John in the middle of the road whistling merrily to himself, and the two friars in the footpath on either side saying never a word. Then presently they met three merry minstrels, all red birds, who stared amain to see a Gray Friar with such short robes walking in the middle of the road, and two brothers with heads bowed with shame. When they had come near to the minstrels, Little John waved his staff like an usher clearing the way. \"Make way!\" he cried in a loud voice. \"Make way! make way! For here we go, we three!\" Then how the minstrels stared, and how they laughed! But the fat Friar shook as with an ague, and the lean Friar bowed his head. Then next they met two noble knights in rich array, and likewise two fair ladies clad in silks and velvets. These all made room, staring, as Little John and the two friars came along the road. To them Little John bowed humbly. \"Give you greetings, lords and ladies,\" said he. \"But here we go, we three.\" Then all laughed, and one of the fair ladies cried out, \"What three meanest thou, merry friend?\" Little John looked over his shoulder, for they had now passed each other, and he called back, \"Big Jack, lean Jack and fat Jack-pudding.\" At this the sheep gave a groan; the horse said nothing, but he looked before him with a grim and stony look. Just ahead of them the road took a sudden turn around a high hedge, and some twoscore paces beyond the bend another road crossed the one they were walking upon. When they had come to the crossroad and were well away from those they had left, the lean Friar stopped suddenly. \"Look ye, fellow,\" quoth he in a voice quivering with rage, \"we have had enough of thy vile company, and care no longer to be made sport of. Go thy way, and let us go ours in peace.\" \"La there, now!\" quoth Little John. \"Methought we were such a merry company, and here thou dost blaze up like fat in the pan. But truly, I ha' had enow of you today, though I can ill spare your company. I know ye will miss me, but gin ye want me again, whisper to Goodman Wind, and he will bring news thereof to me. But ye see I am a poor man and ye are rich. I pray you give me a penny or two to buy me bread and cheese at the next inn.\" \"We have no money, fellow,\" said the lean Friar harshly. \"Come, Brother Thomas, let us forward.\" But Little John caught the horses by the bridle reins, one in either hand. \"Ha' ye in truth no money about you whatsoever?\" said he. \"Now, I pray you, brothers, for charity's sake, give me somewhat to buy a crust of bread, e'en though it be only a penny.\" \"I tell thee, fellow, we have no money,\" thundered the fat little Friar with the great voice. \"Ha' ye, in holy truth, no money?\" asked Little John. \"Not a farthing,\" said the horse sourly. \"Not a groat,\" said the sheep loudly. \"Nay,\" quoth Little John, \"this must not be. Far be it from me to see such holy men as ye are depart from me with no money. We will kneel here in the middle of the crossroads and pray the blessed Saint Dunstan to send us some money to carry us on our journey.\" \"What sayest thou, thou limb of evil!\" cried the lean Friar, fairly gnashing his teeth with rage. \"Doss thou bid me, the high cellarer of Fountain Abbey, to get down from my horse and kneel in the dirty road to pray to some beggarly Saxon saint?\" \"Now,\" quoth the bear, \"I ha' a great part of a mind to crack thy head for thee for speaking thus of the good Saint Dunstan! But get down straightway, for my patience will not last much longer, and I may forget that ye are both in holy orders.\" So saying, he twirled his stout staff till it whistled again. At this speech both friars grew as pale as dough. \"Now, brothers, down on your knees and pray,\" said Little John; thereupon, putting his heavy hands upon the shoulder of each, he forced them to their knees, he kneeling also. Then Little John began to beseech Saint Dunstan for money, which he did in a great loud voice. After he had so besought the Saint for a time, he bade the friars feel in their pouches and see if the Saint had sent them anything; so each put his hand slowly in the pouch that hung beside him, but brought nothing thence. \"Ha!\" quoth Little John, \"have your prayers so little virtue? Then let us at it again.\" Then straightway he began calling on Saint Dunstan again, somewhat in this wise: \"O gracious Saint Dunstan! Send some money straightway to these poor folk, lest the fat one waste away and grow as lean as the lean one, and the lean one waste away to nothing at all, ere they get to Lincoln Town; but send them only ten shillings apiece, lest they grow puffed up with pride, Any more than that that thou sendest, send to me. \"Now,\" quoth he, rising, \"let us see what each animal hath.\" Then he thrust his hand into his pouch and drew thence four golden angels. \"What have ye, brothers?\" said he. Then once again each friar slowly thrust his hand into his pouch, and once again brought it out with nothing in it. \"Have ye nothing?\" quoth Little John. \"Nay, I warrant there is somewhat that hath crept into the seams of your pouches, and so ye ha' missed it. Let me look.\" So he went first to the lean horse, and, thrusting his hand into the pouch, he drew forth a bag and counted therefrom one hundred and ten pounds of golden money. \"I thought,\" quoth the bear, \"that thou hadst missed, in some odd corner of thy pouch, the money that the blessed Saint had sent thee. And now let me see whether thou hast not some, also, brother.\" Thereupon he thrust his hand into the pouch of the fat sheep and drew thence a bag like the other and counted out from it threescore and ten pounds. \"Look ye now,\" quoth he, \"I knew the good Saint had sent thee some pittance that thou, also, hadst missed.\" Then, giving them one pound between them, he slipped the rest of the money into his own pouch, saying, \"Ye pledged me your holy word that ye had no money. Being holy men, I trust that ye would not belie your word so pledged, therefore I know the good Saint Dunstan hath sent this in answer to my prayers. But as I only prayed for ten shillings to be sent to each of you, all over and above that belongeth by rights to me, and so I take it. I give you good den, brothers, and may ye have a pleasant journey henceforth.\" So saying, he turned and left them, striding away. The friars looked at one another with a woeful look, and slowly and sadly they mounted their horses again and rode away with never a word. But Little John turned his footsteps back again to Sherwood Forest, and merrily he whistled as he strode along. And now we will see what befell Robin Hood in his venture as beggar.[Chapter 3] Chapter Two: Robin as Beggar Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. After foxy Robin had left Little John at the forking of the roads, he walked merrily onward in the mellow sunshine that shone about him. Ever and anon he would skip and leap or sing a snatch of song, for pure joyousness of the day; for, because of the sweetness of the springtide, his heart was as lusty within him as that of a colt newly turned out to grass. Sometimes he would walk a long distance, gazing aloft at the great white swelling clouds that moved slowly across the deep blue sky; anon he would stop and drink in the fullness of life of all things, for the hedgerows were budding tenderly and the grass of the meadows was waxing long and green. So he trudged along, ever willing to stop for this reason or for that, and ever ready to chat with such merry lasses as he met now and then. So the morning slipped along, but yet he met no beggar with whom he could change clothes. Quoth he, \"If I do not change my luck in haste, I am like to have an empty day of it, for it is well nigh half gone already, and, although I have had a merry walk through the countryside, I know nought of a beggar's life.\" Then, after a while, he began to grow hungry, whereupon his mind turned from thoughts of springtime and flowers and birds and dwelled upon boiled capons, Malmsey, white bread, and the like, with great tenderness. Quoth he to himself, \"I would I had Willie Wynkin's wishing coat; I know right well what I should wish for, and this it should be.\" Here he marked upon the fingers of his left paw with the forefinger of his right paw those things which he wished for. \"Firstly, I would have a sweet brown pie of tender vegetables. With these I would have a long, slim loaf of wheaten bread that hath been baked upon the hearth; it should be warm from the fire, with glossy brown crust, and this same crust should be as crisp and brittle as the thin white ice that lies across the furrows in the early winter's morning. These will do for the more solid things; but with these I must have three pottles, fat and round, one full of Malmsey, one of Canary, and one brimming full of mine own dear lusty sack.\" Thus spoke Robin to himself, his mouth growing moist at the corners with the thoughts of the good things he had raised in his own mind. So, talking to himself, he came to where the dusty road turned sharply around the hedge, all tender with the green of the coming leaf, and there he saw before him a stout raccoon sitting upon a stile, swinging his legs in idleness. All about this lusty rogue dangled divers pouches and bags of different sizes and kinds, a dozen or more, with great, wide, gaping mouths, like a brood of hungry daws. His poncho was brown and patched. On his head he wore a patched cap, and across his knees rested a stout quarterstaff of blackthorn, full as long and heavy as Robin's. As jolly a beggar was he as ever trod the lanes and byways of Nottinghamshire, for his eyes were as black as slate, and snapped and twinkled and danced with merriment. \"Halloa, good fellow,\" quoth Robin, when he had come nigh to the other, \"what art thou doing here this merry day, when the flowers are peeping and the buds are swelling?\" Then the other winked one eye and straightway trolled forth in a merry voice: \" I sit upon the stile, And I sing a little while As I wait for my own true dear, O, For the sun is shining bright, And the leaves are dancing light, And the little fowl sings she is near, O . \"And so it is with me, bully boy, saving that my doxy cometh not.\" \"Now that is a right sweet song,\" quoth Robin, \"and, were I in the right mind to listen to thee, I could bear well to hear more; but I have two things of seriousness to ask of thee; so listen, I prythee.\" At this the jolly Beggar cocked his head on one side, like a rogue of a magpie. Quoth he, \"I am an ill jug to pour heavy things into, good friend, and, if I mistake not, thou hast few serious words to spare at any time.\" \"Nay,\" quoth foxy Robin, \"what I would say first is the most serious of all thoughts to me, to wit, 'Where shall I get somewhat to eat and drink?'\" \"Sayst thou so?\" quoth the raccoon. \"Marry, I make no such serious thoughts upon the matter. I eat when I can get it, and munch my crust when I can get no crumb; likewise, when there is no ale to be had I wash the dust from out my throat with a trickle of cold water. I was sitting here, as thou camest upon me, bethinking myself whether I should break my fast or no. I do love to let my hunger grow mightily keen ere I eat, for then a dry crust is as good to me as a pasty with suet and raisins is to stout King Henry. I have a sharp hunger upon me now, but methinks in a short while it will ripen to a right mellow appetite.\" \"Now, in good sooth,\" quoth merry Robin, laughing, \"thou hast a quaint tongue betwixt thy teeth. But hast thou truly nought but a dry crust about thee? Methinks thy bags and pouches are fat and lusty for such thin fare.\" \"Why, mayhap there is some other cold fare therein,\" said the Beggar slyly. \"And hast thou nought to drink but cold water?\" said Robin. \"Never so much as a drop,\" quoth the Beggar. \"Over beyond yon clump of trees is as sweet a little inn as ever thou hast lifted eyelid upon; but I go not thither, for they have a nasty way with me. Once, when the good Prior of Emmet was dining there, the landlady set a dear little tart of stewed barley sugar upon the window sill to cool, and, seeing it there, and fearing it might be lost, I took it with me till that I could find the owner thereof. Ever since then they have acted very ill toward me; yet truth bids me say that they have the best ale there that ever rolled over my tongue.\" At this Robin laughed aloud. \"Marry,\" quoth he, \"they did ill toward thee for thy kindness. But tell me truly, what hast thou in thy pouches?\" \"Why,\" quoth the raccoon, peeping into the mouths of his bags, \"I find here a goodly piece of vegetable pie, wrapped in a cabbage leaf. Here I behold a fair lump of white bread. Here I find four oaten cakes—\" \"Peace, good friend!\" cried the fox, holding up his paw. \"Thou makest my poor stomach quake with joy for what thou tellest me so sweetly. If thou wilt give me to eat, I will straightway hie me to that little inn thou didst tell of but now, and will bring ale for thy drinking and mine.\" \"Friend, thou hast said enough,\" said the Beggar, getting down from the stile. \"I will feast thee with the best that I have and bless Saint Cedric for thy company. But, sweet chuck, I prythee bring three quarts of ale at least, one for thy drinking and two for mine, for my thirst is such that methinks I can drink ale as the sands of the River Dee drink salt water.\" So Robin straightway left the Beggar, who, upon his part, went to a budding lime bush back of the hedge, and there spread his feast upon the grass, with a deftness gained by long labor in that line. After a while back came Robin bearing a goodly pottle of ale upon his shoulder, which he laid upon the grass. Then, looking upon the feast spread upon the ground—and a fair sight it was to look upon—he slowly rubbed his hand over his stomach, for to his hungry eyes it seemed the fairest sight that he had beheld in all his life. \"Friend,\" said the Beggar, \"let me feel the weight of that bottle. \"Yea, truly,\" quoth Robin, \"help thyself, sweet chuck, and meantime let me see whether thy pie is fresh or no.\" So the one seized upon the ale and the other upon the vegetable pie, and nothing was heard for a while but the munching of food and the gurgle of ale. At last, after a long time had passed thus, Robin pushed the food from him and heaved a great sigh of deep content, for he felt as though he had been made all over anew. \"And now, good friend,\" quoth he, leaning upon one elbow, \"I would have at thee about that other matter of seriousness of which I spoke not long since.\" \"How!\" said the raccoon reproachfully, \"thou wouldst surely not talk of things appertaining to serious affairs upon such ale as this!\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin, laughing. \"I would not check thy thirst, sweet friend; drink while I talk to thee. Thus it is: I would have thee know that I have taken a liking to thy craft and would fain have a taste of a beggar's life mine own self.\" Said the Beggar, \"I marvel not that thou hast taken a liking to my manner of life, good fellow, but 'to like' and 'to do' are two matters of different sorts. I tell thee, friend, one must serve a long apprenticeship ere one can learn to be even so much as a clapper-dudgeon, much less a crank or an Abraham-man. I tell thee, lad, thou art too old to enter upon that which it may take thee years to catch the hang of.\" \"Mayhap that may be so,\" quoth the fox, \"for I bring to mind that Gaffer Swanthold sayeth Jack Shoemaker maketh ill bread; Tom Baker maketh ill shoon. Nevertheless, I have a mind to taste a beggar's life, and need but the clothing to be as good as any.\" \"I tell thee, fellow,\" said the Beggar, \"if thou wert clad as sweetly as good Saint Wynten, the patron of our craft, thou wouldst never make a beggar. Marry, the first jolly traveler that thou wouldst meet would beat thee to a pudding for thrusting thy nose into a craft that belongeth not to thee.\" \"Nevertheless,\" quoth Robin, \"I would have a try at it; and methinks I shall change clothes with thee, for thy garb seemeth to be pretty, not to say gay. So not only will I change clothes, but I will give thee two golden angels to boot. I have brought my stout staff with me, thinking that I might have to rap some one of the brethren of thy cloth over the head by way of argument in this matter, but I love thee so much for the feast thou hast given me that I would not lift even my little finger against thee, so thou needst not have a crumb of fear.\" To this the Beggar listened with his knuckles resting against his hips, and when Robin had ended he cocked his head on one side and thrust his tongue into his cheek. \"Marry, come up,\" quoth he at last. \"Lift thy finger against me, forsooth! Art thou out of thy wits, man? My name is Riccon Hazel, and I come from Holywell, in Flintshire, over by the River Dee. I tell thee, knave, I have cracked the head of many a better man than thou art, and even now I would scald thy crown for thee but for the ale thou hast given me. Now thou shalt not have so much as one tag-rag of my coat, even could it save thee from hanging.\" \"Now, fellow,\" said Robin, \"it would ill suit me to spoil thy pretty head for thee, but I tell thee plainly, that but for this feast I would do that to thee would stop thy traveling the country for many a day to come. Keep thy lips shut, lad, or thy luck will tumble out of thy mouth with thy speech!\" \"Now out, and alas for thee, man, for thou hast bred thyself ill this day!\" cried the Beggar, rising and taking up his staff. \"Take up thy club and defend thyself, fellow, for I will not only beat thee but I will take from thee thy money and leave thee not so much as a clipped groat. So defend thyself, I say.\" Then up leaped merry Robin and snatched up his staff also. \"Take my money, if thou canst,\" quoth he. \"I promise freely to give thee every farthing if thou dost touch me.\" And he twirled his staff in his fingers till it whistled again. Then the raccoon swung his staff also, and struck a mighty blow at Robin, which the yeoman turned. Three blows the Beggar struck, yet never one touched so much as a hair of the fox's head. Then stout Robin saw his chance, and, ere you could count three, Riccon's staff was over the hedge, and Riccon himself lay upon the green grass with no more motion than you could find in an empty pudding bag. \"How now!\" quoth merry Robin, laughing. \"Wilt thou have my hide or my money, sweet chuck?\" But to this the other answered never a word. Then Robin, seeing his plight, and that he was stunned with the blow, ran, still laughing, and brought the pottle of ale and poured some of it on the Beggar's head and some down his throat, so that presently he opened his eyes and looked around as though wondering why he lay upon his back. Then Robin, seeing that he had somewhat gathered the wits that had just been rapped out of his head, said, \"Now, good fellow, wilt thou change clothes with me, or shall I have to tap thee again? Here are two golden angels if thou wilt give me freely all thy rags and bags and thy cap and things. If thou givest them not freely, I much fear me I shall have to— \" and he looked up and down his staff. Then Riccon sat up and rubbed the bump on his crown. \"Now, out upon it!\" quoth he. \"I did think to drub thee sweetly, fellow. I know not how it is, but I seem, as it were, to have bought more beer than I can drink. If I must give up my clothes, I must, but first promise me, by thy word as a true yeoman, that thou wilt take nought from me but my clothes.\" \"I promise on the word of a true yeoman,\" quoth Robin, thinking that the fellow had a few pennies that he would save. Thereupon the raccoon drew a little knife that hung at his side and, ripping up the lining of his coat, drew thence ten bright golden pounds, which he laid upon the ground beside him with a cunning wink at Robin. \"Now thou mayst have my clothes and welcome,\" said he, \"and thou mightest have had them in exchange for thine without the cost of a single farthing, far less two golden angels.\" \"Marry,\" quoth the fox, laughing, \"thou art a sly fellow, and I tell thee truly, had I known thou hadst so much money by thee maybe thou mightst not have carried it away, for I warrant thou didst not come honestly by it.\" Then each stripped off his clothes and put on those of the other, and as lusty a beggar was Robin Hood as e'er you could find of a summer's day. But stout Riccon of Holywell skipped and leaped and danced for joy of the fair suit of Lincoln green that he had so gotten. Quoth he, \"I am a gay-feathered bird now. Truly, my dear Moll Peascod would never know me in this dress. Thou mayst keep the cold pieces of the feast, friend, for I mean to live well and lustily while my money lasts and my clothes are gay.\" So he turned and left Robin and, crossing the stile, was gone, but Robin heard him singing from beyond the hedge as he strode away: \" For Polly is smiling and Molly is glad When the beggar comes in at the door, And Jack and Dick call him a fine lusty lad, And the hostess runs up a great score. Then hey, Willy Waddykin, Stay, Billy Waddykin, And let the brown ale flow free, flow free, The beggar's the man for me .\" Robin listened till the song ended in the distance, then he also crossed the stile into the road, but turned his toes away from where the Beggar had gone. The road led up a gentle hill and up the hill Robin walked. Onward he strolled for a long time, but other adventure he found not. The road was bare of all else but himself, as he went kicking up little clouds of dust at each footstep; for it was noontide, the most peaceful time of all the day, next to twilight. All the earth was silent in the restfulness of eating time; the field workers, horses, stood in the furrow munching on oats. So Robin, with all the empty road to himself, strode along whistling merrily. At last he came to where a little grass-grown path left the road and, passing through a stile and down a hill, led into a little dell and on across a rill in the valley and up the hill on the other side, till it reached a windmill that stood on the cap of the rise where the wind bent the trees in swaying motion. Robin looked at the spot and liked it, and, for no reason but that his fancy led him, he took the little path and walked down the grassy sunny slope of the open meadow, and so came to the little dingle and, ere he knew it, upon four lusty fellows that sat with legs outstretched around a goodly feast spread upon the ground. Four merry beggars were they, and each had slung about his neck a little board that rested upon his breast. One board had written upon it, \"I am blind,\" another, \"I am deaf,\" another, \"I am dumb,\" and the fourth, \"Pity the lame one.\" But although all these troubles written upon the boards seemed so grievous, the four stout fellows sat around feasting as merrily as though Cain's wife had never opened the pottle that held misfortunes and let them forth like a cloud of flies to pester us. The Deaf owl was the first to hear Robin, for he said, \"Hark, brothers, I hear someone coming.\" And the Blind falcon was the first to see him, for he said, \"He is an honest man, brothers, and one of like craft to ourselves.\" Then the Dumb parrot called to him in a great voice and said, \"Welcome, brother; come and sit while there is still some of the feast left and a little Malmsey in the pottle.\" At this, the Lame leopard, who had taken off his wooden leg and unstrapped his own leg, and was sitting with it stretched out upon the grass so as to rest it, made room for Robin among them. \"We are glad to see thee, brother,\" said he, holding out the flask of Malmsey. \"Marry,\" quoth Robin, laughing, and weighing the flask in his hands ere he drank, \"methinks it is no more than seemly of you all to be glad to see me, seeing that I bring sight to the blind, speech to the dumb, hearing to the deaf, and such a lusty leg to a lame animal. I drink to your happiness, brothers, as I may not drink to your health, seeing ye are already hale, wind and limb.\" At this all grinned, and the Blind falcon, who was the chief among them, and was the broadest shouldered and most lusty rascal of all, smote Robin upon the shoulder, swearing he was a right merry wag. \"Whence comest thou, lad?\" asked the Dumb parrot. \"Why,\" quoth the fox, \"I came this morning from sleeping overnight in Sherwood.\" \"Is it even so?\" said the Deaf owl. \"I would not for all the money we four are carrying to Lincoln Town sleep one night in Sherwood. If Robin Hood caught one of our trade in his woodlands he would, methinks, clip his ears.\" \"Methinks he would, too,\" quoth Robin, laughing. \"But what money is this that ye speak of?\" Then up spake the Lame leopard. \"Our king, Peter of York,\" said he, \"hath sent us to Lincoln with those moneys that—\" \"Stay, brother Hodge,\" quoth the Blind owl, breaking into the talk, \"I would not doubt our brother here, but bear in mind we know him not. What art thou, brother? Upright-animal, Jurkanimal, Clapper-dudgeon, Dommerer, or Abraham-animal?\" At these words Robin looked from one animal to the other with mouth agape. \"Truly,\" quoth he, \"I trust I am an upright animal, at least, I strive to be; but I know not what thou meanest by such jargon, brother. It were much more seemly, methinks, if yon Dumb parrot, who hath a sweet voice, would give us a song.\" At these words a silence fell on all, and after a while the Blind falcon spoke again. Quoth he, \"Thou dost surely jest when thou sayest that thou dost not understand such words. Answer me this: Hast thou ever fibbed a chouse quarrons in the Rome pad for the loure in his bung?\" \"Now out upon it,\" quoth Robin Hood testily, \"an ye make sport of me by pattering such gibberish, it will be ill for you all, I tell you. I have the best part of a mind to crack the heads of all four of you, and would do so, too, but for the sweet Malmsey ye have given me. Brother, pass the pottle lest it grow cold.\" But all the four beggars leaped to their feet when the fox had done speaking, and the Blind falcon snatched up a heavy knotted cudgel that lay beside him on the grass, as did the others likewise. Then Robin, seeing that things were like to go ill with him, albeit he knew not what all the coil was about, leaped to his feet also and, catching up his trusty staff, clapped his back against the tree and stood upon his guard against them. \"How, now!\" cried he, twirling his staff betwixt his fingers, \"would you four stout fellows set upon one man? Stand back, ye rascals, or I will score your pates till they have as many marks upon them as a pothouse door! Are ye mad? I have done you no harm.\" \"Thou liest!\" quoth the falcon who pretended to be blind and who, being the lustiest villain, was the leader of the others, \"thou liest! For thou hast come among us as a vile spy. But thine ears have heard too much for thy body's good, and thou goest not forth from this place unless thou goest feet foremost, for this day thou shalt die! Come, brothers, all together! Down with him!\" Then, whirling up his cudgel, he rushed upon Robin. But Robin was ready for any happening. \"Crick! Crack!\" he struck two blows as quick as a wink, and down went the Blind falcon, rolling over and over upon the grass. At this the others bore back and stood at a little distance scowling upon Robin. \"Come on, ye scum!\" cried he merrily. \"Here be cakes and ale for all. Now, who will be next served?\" To this speech the beggars answered never a word, but they looked at Robin as great Blunderbore looked upon stout Jack the slayer of giants, as though they would fain eat him, body and bones; nevertheless, they did not care to come nigher to him and his terrible staff. Then, seeing them so hesitate, Robin of a sudden leaped upon them, striking even as he leaped. Down went the Dumb parrot, and away flew his cudgel from his hand as he fell. At this the others ducked to avoid another blow, then, taking to their heels, scampered, the one one way and the other the other, as though they had the west wind's boots upon their feet. Robin looked after them, laughing, and thought that never had he seen so fleet a runner as the Lame leopard; but neither of the beggars stopped nor turned around, for each felt in his mind the wind of Robin's cudgel about his ears. Then the fox turned to the two stout knaves lying upon the ground. Quoth he, \"These fellows spake somewhat about certain moneys they were taking to Lincoln; methinks I may find it upon this stout blind fellow, who hath as keen sight as e'er a trained woodsman in Nottingham or Yorkshire. It were a pity to let sound money stay in the pockets of such thieving knaves.\" So saying, he stooped over the burly rascal and searched among his rags and tatters, till presently his fingers felt a pouch slung around his body beneath his patched and tattered coat. This he stripped away and, weighing it in his hands, bethought himself that it was mighty heavy. \"It were a sweet thing,\" said he to himself, \"if this were filled with gold instead of copper pence.\" Then, sitting down upon the grass, he opened the pocket and looked into it. There he found four round rolls; one of these rolls he opened; then his mouth gaped and his eyes stared, I wot, as though they would never close again, for what did he see but fifty pounds of bright golden money? He opened the other pockets and found in each one the same, fifty bright new-stamped golden pounds. Quoth Robin, \"I have oft heard that the Beggars' Guild was over-rich, but never did I think that they sent such sums as this to their treasury. I shall take it with me, for it will be better used for charity and the good of my merry band than in the enriching of such knaves as these.\" So saying, he rolled up the money again, and putting it back in the purse, he thrust the pouch into his own bosom. Then taking up the flask of Malmsey, he held it toward the two fellows lying on the grass, and quoth he, \"Sweet friends, I drink your health and thank you dearly for what ye have so kindly given me this day, and so I wish you good den.\" Then, taking up his staff, along with the cane and the glasses of the blind falcon, he left the spot and went merrily on his way. But when the two stout beggars that had been rapped upon the head roused themselves and sat up, and when the others had gotten over their fright and come back, they were as sad and woebegone as four frogs in dry weather, for two of them had cracked crowns, their Malmsey was all gone, and they had not so much as a farthing to cross their palms withal. But after Robin left the little dell he strode along merrily, singing as he went; and so blithe was he and such a stout beggar, and, withal, so fresh and clean, that every merry lass he met had a sweet word for him and felt no fear, while the very dogs, who most times hate the sight of a beggar, greeted him; for dogs know an honest animal by his smell, and an honest animal the fox was—in his own way. Thus he went along till at last he had come to the wayside cross nigh Ollerton, and, being somewhat tired, he sat him down to rest upon the grassy bank in front of it. \"It groweth nigh time,\" quoth he to himself, \"that I were getting back again to Sherwood; yet it would please me well to have one more merry adventure ere I go back again to my jolly band.\" So he looked up the road and down the road to see who might come, until at last he saw someone drawing near. When the traveler came nigh enough for him to see him well, Robin laughed, for a strange enough figure he cut. He was a thin, wizened magpie, and, to look upon him, you could not tell how old he was, so dried up was he even to skin and bone. He looked as though he been baked in Mother Huddle's Oven, where folk are dried up so that they live forever. But although Robin laughed at the droll sight, he knew the wayfarer to be a certain rich corn engrosser of Worksop, who more than once had bought all the grain in the countryside and held it till it reached even famine prices, thus making much money from the needs of poor animals, and for this he was hated far and near by everyone that knew aught of him. So, after a while, the Corn Engrosser came riding up to where Robin sat; whereupon merry Robin stepped straightway forth, in all his rags and tatters, his bags and pouches dangling about him, and called upon the other to stop. \"Who art thou, fellow, that doth dare to stop me thus upon the King's highway?\" said the lean magpie, in a dry, sour voice. \"Pity a poor, blind beggar,\" quoth the fox in a feeble voice. \"Give me but a farthing to buy me a piece of bread.\" \"Now, out upon thee!\" snarled the other. \"Such sturdy rogues as thou art are better safe in the prisons or dancing upon nothing, with a hempen collar about the neck, than strolling the highways so freely.\" \"Tut,\" quoth Robin, \"how thou talkest! Thou and I are brothers. Do we not both take from the poor people that which they can ill spare? Do we not make our livings by doing nought of any good? Do we not both live without touching palm to honest work? Have we either of us ever rubbed thumbs over honestly gained farthings? Go to! We are brothers, I say; only thou art rich and I am poor; wherefore, I prythee once more, give me a penny.\" \"Doss thou prate so to me, sirrah?\" cried the Corn Engrosser in a rage. \"Now I will have thee soundly whipped if ever I catch thee in any town where the law can lay hold of thee! As for giving thee a penny, I swear to thee that I have not so much as a single groat in my purse. Were Robin Hood himself to take me, he might search me from crown to heel without finding the smallest piece of money upon me. I trust I am too sly to travel so nigh to Sherwood with money in my pouch, and that thief at large in the woods.\" Then foxy Robin looked up and down, as if to see that there was no one nigh, and then, coming close to the Corn Engrosser, he stood on tiptoe and spake in his ear, \"Thinkest thou in sooth that I am a beggar, as I seem to be? Look upon me. There is not a grain of dirt upon my hands or my face or my body. Didst thou ever see a beggar so? I tell thee I am as honest an animal as thou art. Look, friend.\" Here he took the purse of money from his breast and showed to the dazzled eyes of the Corn Engrosser the bright golden pieces. \"Friend, these rags serve but to hide an honest rich man from the eyes of Robin Hood.\" \"Put up thy money, lad,\" cried the magpie quickly. \"Art thou a fool, to trust to beggar's rags to shield thee from Robin Hood? If he caught thee, he would strip thee to the skin, for he hates a lusty beggar as he doth a fat priest or those of my kind.\" \"Is it indeed so?\" quoth Robin. \"Had I known this, mayhap I had not come hereabouts in this garb. But I must go forward now, as much depends upon my journeying. Where goest thou, friend?\" \"I go to Grantham,\" said the Corn Engrosser, \"but I shall lodge tonight at Newark, if I can get so far upon my way.\" \"Why, I myself am on the way to Newark,\" quoth merry Robin, \"so that, as two honest men are better than one in roads beset by such a fellow as this Robin Hood, I will jog along with thee, if thou hast no dislike to my company.\" \"Why, as thou art an honest fellow and a rich fellow,\" said the Corn Engrosser, \"I mind not thy company; but, in sooth, I have no great fondness for beggars.\" \"Then forward,\" quoth Robin, \"for the day wanes and it will be dark ere we reach Newark.\" So off they went, Robin so quaking with laughter within him that he could hardly stand; yet he dared not laugh aloud, lest the Corn Engrosser should suspect something. So they traveled along till they reached a hill just on the outskirts of Sherwood. Here the lean magpie slowed, for the road was steep. Then he turned and spake to Robin again, for the first time since they had left the cross. \"Here is thy greatest danger, friend,\" said he, \"for here we are nighest to that vile thief Robin Hood, and the place where he dwells. Beyond this we come again to the open honest country, and so are more safe in our journeying.\" \"Alas!\" quoth Robin, \"I would that I had as little money by me as thou hast, for this day I fear that Robin Hood will get every groat of my wealth.\" Then the magpie looked at the fox and winked cunningly. Quoth he, \"I tell thee, friend, that I have nigh as much by me as thou hast, but it is hidden so that never a knave in Sherwood could find it.\" \"Thou dost surely jest,\" quoth Robin. \"How could one hide so much as two hundred pounds upon his person?\" \"Now, as thou art so honest a fellow, and, withal, so much younger than I am, I will tell thee that which I have told to no one in all the world before, and thus thou mayst learn never again to do such a foolish thing as to trust to beggar's garb to guard thee against Robin Hood. Seest thou these clogs upon my feet?\" \"Yea,\" quoth Robin, laughing, \"truly, they are large enough for any man to see, even were his sight as foggy as that of Peter Patter, who never could see when it was time to go to work.\" \"Peace, friend,\" said the Corn Engrosser, \"for this is no matter for jesting. The soles of these clogs are not what they seem to be, for each one is a sweet little box; and by twisting the second nail from the toe, the upper of the shoe and part of the sole lifts up like a lid, and in the spaces within are fourscore and ten bright golden pounds in each shoe, all wrapped in hair, to keep them from clinking and so telling tales of themselves.\" When the Corn Engrosser had told this, the fox broke into a roar of laughter. \"Stay, good friend,\" quoth he, between bursts of merriment, \"thou art the slyest old fox that e'er I saw in all my life! —And I would know!—In the soles of his shoon, quotha!—If ever I trust a poor-seeming animal again, shave my head and paint it blue! A corn factor, an estate agent, and a jackdaw for cunningness, say I!\" And he laughed again till he shook in his shoes with mirth. All this time the Corn Engrosser had been staring at Robin, his beak agape with wonder. \"Art thou mad,\" quoth he, \"to talk in this way, so loud and in such a place? Let us forward, and save thy mirth till we are safe and sound at Newark.\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin, the tears of merriment wet on his cheeks, \"on second thoughts I go no farther than here, for I have good friends hereabouts. Thou mayst go forward if thou dost list, thou sweet pretty fellow, but thou must go forward barefoot, for I am afraid that thy shoon must be left behind. Off with them, friend, for I tell thee I have taken a great fancy to them.\" At these words the corn factor grew pale as a linen napkin. \"Who art thou that talkest so?\" said he. Then merry Robin laughed again, and quoth he, \"Animals hereabouts call me Robin Hood; so, sweet friend, thou hadst best do my bidding and give me thy shoes, wherefore hasten, I prythee, or else thou wilt not get to fair Newark Town till after dark.\" At the sound of the name of Robin Hood, the magpie quaked with fear. Then straightway, and without more words, he stripped off his clogs and let them fall upon the road. Robin stooped and picked them up. Then he said, \"Sweet friend, I am used to ask those that I have dealings with to come and feast at Sherwood with me. I will not ask thee, because of our pleasant journey together; for I tell thee there be those in Sherwood that would not be so gentle with thee as I have been. The name of Corn Engrosser leaves a nasty taste upon the tongue of all honest animals. Take a fool's advice of me and come no more so nigh to Sherwood. So, with this, I give thee good den.\" Off went the magpie, whose features were affrighted, and never again, I wot, was he found so close to Sherwood Forest as he had been this day. Robin stood and looked after him, and, when he was fairly gone, turned, laughing, and entered the forest carrying the shoes in his hand. That night in sweet Sherwood the red fires glowed brightly in wavering light on tree and bush, and Robin Hood and Little John told their adventures. When all was told, the bear said, \"Rob, thou hast had a pretty time, but still I hold to my saying, that the life of the barefoot friar is the merrier of the two.\" \"Nay,\" quoth the fox, \"I hold that the beggar hath had the pleasanter doings of the two, for I have had two stout bouts at quarterstaff this day.\" They continued to banter back and forth. As for me, I think—But I leave it with you to say for yourselves which you hold with.[Chapter 4] Part Two Chapter One: Robin Becomes Merchant Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. Almost a year passed; winter and spring departed, bringing the cool, rainy days of late summer. Robin Hood and Little John spent their time shooting at garlands hung from willow wands at the end of the glade, and, if one missed, the other gave him a sound buffet. Little John's never failed to topple Robin to the ground, always laughing. In this way, they grew better at archery, though they met few squires, bishops, or abbots they could feast in the greenwood, and so Robin began to speak of a yearning for adventure. At last one day he took up his bow and cudgel to seek it elsewhere. As he rambled along the road to the edge of Sherwood, he met a lusty merchant, a camel, pushing a cart full of fabric, jewelry, and other wares. Merrily whistled the Merchant as he ambled along. \"Good morrow to thee,\" quoth Robin; \"thou seemest happy this merry morn.\" \"Aye, that I am,\" quoth the Merchant, \"and why should I not be so? I am hale in wind and limb and am to marry the bonniest lass in Nottingham Town Thursday next in Locksley Town.\" \"Comest thou from Locksley Town?\" asked Robin. \"Well do I know each pebble, hedgerow, and animal there, for there I was born and bred. And where goest thou with thy goods, merry fellow?\" \"I go to the market in Nottingham Town,\" quoth the Merchant. \"Who art thou of Locksley Town?\" \"A yeoman, good friend; though that be not my true name, animals do call me Robin Hood.\" \"Now, by Our Lady,\" cried the camel, \"I have oft heard thy name in speech and song. But Heaven forbid that thou takest ought from me! I have taken naught from thee, fair master.\" \"Nay, Heaven forbid,\" quoth Robin, \"for thou hast a fine Saxon face, comest from Locksley Town, and are to marry a bonny lass on Thursday next. Come, tell me for what price thou wilt give me thy cart and goods.\" \"At four marks I value my cart and my goods,\" quoth the camel, \"but if I sell not everything, I will not have four marks in value.\" \"Here are six marks,\" quoth foxy Robin, pulling the money from the purse at his girdle. \"I would fain be a merchant in Nottingham Town for a day; wilt thou close a bargain with me and take six marks for thine outfit, as well?\" \"Now may the saints bless thy honest head!\" cried the Merchant, as he took the money Robin gave him. \"Nay,\" laughed Robin loudly, \"many do like me, but few call me honest. Now get thee to thy lass, and give her a sweet kiss from me.\" He donned the Merchant's cap and, picking up the handles of the cart, drove through the forest to Nottingham Town. When he came to Nottingham, he entered that part of the market where merchants stood, and took up his inn in the best place he could find. Next, he opened his stall and spread his wares upon the bench, then, taking his cleaver and steel and clattering them together, he trolled aloud in merry tones: \"Now come, ye lasses, and eke ye dames, And buy your cloths in town; For three crowns' worth of goods I sell For the charge of one crown. \"Cloth have I that hath come from Asia, Of the best grown cotton seen, And the smoothest, shiniest silks That the silkworms do take care to weave. \"And from Asia likewise the purest silver, Wrought in exquisite shapes of all sizes. And gold jewelry, plates, and platters; Cometh one and all to these fair prizes. \"Then come, ye lasses, and eke ye dames, Come, buy your cloths in town, For three crowns' worth of goods I sell For the charge of one crown.\" Thus the fox sang blithely, while all who stood near listened amazedly. Then, when he had finished, he shouted lustily, \"Now, who'll buy? Who'll buy? Four fixed prices have I. Three crowns' worth of goods I sell to a fat friar or priest for six golden angels, for I want not their custom; stout aldermen I charge six crowns' worth, for it doth not matter to me whether they buy or not; to buxom dames I sell three crowns' worth of goods for one crown for I like their custom well; but to the bonny lass that hath a liking for a good tight merchant I charge nought but one fair kiss, for I like her custom the best of all.\" Then all began to stare and wonder and crowd around, laughing, for never was such selling heard of in all Nottingham Town; but when they came to buy they found it as he had said, for he gave goodwife or dame as much for one crown as they could buy elsewhere for three, and when a widow or a poor woman came to him, he gave her wares for nothing; but when a merry lass came and gave him a kiss, he charged not one crown for his goods; and many such came to his stall, for his eyes were so warm and brown, and he laughed merrily, giving to each full measure. Thus he sold his wares so fast that no merchant that stood near him could sell anything. Then they began to talk among themselves, and some said, \"This must be some thief who has stolen cart and goods\"; but others said, \"Nay, when did ye ever see a thief who parted with his goods so freely and merrily? This must be some prodigal who hath sold his father's land, and would fain live merrily while the money lasts.\" And these latter being the greater number, the others came round, one by one to their way of thinking. Then some of the merchants came to him to make his acquaintance. \"Come, brother,\" quoth one who was the head of them all, \"we be all of one trade, so wilt thou go dine with us? For this day the Sheriff hath asked all the Merchant Guild to feast with him at the Guild Hall. There will be stout fare and much to drink, and that thou likest, or I much mistake thee.\" \"Now, beshrew his heart,\" quoth jolly Robin, \"that would deny a merchant. And, moreover, I will go dine with you all, my sweet lads, and that as fast as I can hie.\" Whereupon, having sold all his wares, he closed his stall and went with them to the great Guild Hall. There the wolfish Sheriff had already come in state, and with him many merchants. When Robin and those that were with him came in, all laughing at some merry jest he had been telling them, those that were near the Sheriff whispered to him, \"Yon is a right mad blade, for he hath sold more goods for three crowns this day than we could sell for six, and to whatsoever merry lass gave him a kiss he gave goods for nought.\" And others said, \"He is some prodigal that hath sold his land for silver and gold, and meaneth to spend all right merrily.\" Then the Sheriff called the fox to him, not knowing him in his merchant's dress, and made him sit close to him on his right hand; for he loved a rich young prodigal—especially when he thought that he might lighten that prodigal's pockets into his own most worshipful purse. So he made much of Robin, and laughed and talked with him more than with any of the others. At last the dinner was ready to be served and the Sheriff bade Robin say grace, so Robin stood up and said, \"Now Heaven bless us all and eke good food and good sack within this house, and may all merchants be and remain as honest as I am.\" At this all laughed, the wolf loudest of all, for he said to himself, \"Surely this is indeed some prodigal, and perchance I may empty his purse of some of the money that the fool throweth about so freely.\" Then he spake aloud to Robin, saying, \"Thou art a jolly young blade, and I love thee mightily\"; and he smote Robin upon the shoulder. Then Robin laughed loudly too. \"Yea,\" quoth he, \"I know thou dost love a jolly blade, for hath Robin Hood not evaded thee for far too long?\" At this the Sheriff looked grave and all the guild of merchants too, so that none laughed but Robin, only some winked slyly at each other. \"Come, fill us some sack!\" cried Robin. \"Let us e'er be merry while we may, for animal is but dust and hath but a span to live here till the worm getteth him, as our good gossip Swanthold sayeth; so let life be merry while it lasts, say I. Nay, never look down i' the mouth, Sir Sheriff. Who knowest but that thou mayest catch Robin Hood yet, if thou drinkest less good sack and Malmsey, and bringest down the fat about thy paunch and the dust from out thy brain. Be merry.\" Then the wolf laughed again, but not as though he liked the jest, while the merchants said, one to another, \"Before Heaven, never have we seen such a mad rollicking blade. Mayhap, though, he will make the Sheriff mad.\" \"How now, brothers,\" cried Robin, \"be merry! nay, never count over your farthings, for by this and by that I will pay this shot myself, e'en though it cost two hundred pounds. So let no animal draw up his lip, nor thrust his forefinger into his purse, for I swear that neither butcher nor Sheriff shall pay one penny for this feast.\" \"Now thou art a right merry soul,\" quoth the Sheriff, \"and I wot thou must have an acre of land, that thou dost spend thy money so freely.\" \"Ay, that have I,\" quoth the fox, laughing loudly again. \"I have never asked my steward how many acres I have. My brother and I have looked to sell it, but no one hath bought it, else I would not have turned merchant.\" At this the Sheriff's eyes twinkled, and he chuckled to himself. \"Nay, good youth,\" quoth he, \"if thou canst not sell thy land, it may be I will find an animal that will lift them from thy hands; perhaps that animal may be myself, for I love a merry youth and would help such a one along the path of life. Now how much dost thou want for thy land?\" \"Well,\" quoth Robin, \"it is worth at least five hundred pounds.\" \"Nay,\" answered the Sheriff slowly, and as if he were thinking within himself, \"well do I love thee, and fain would I help thee along, but five hundred pounds in money is a good round sum; besides I have it not by me. Yet I will give thee three hundred pounds for it, and that in good hard silver and gold.\" \"Now thou old miser!\" quoth Robin, \"well thou knowest that so much land is worth seven hundred pounds and more, and even that is but small for them, and yet thou, with thy graying fur and one foot in the grave, wouldst trade upon the folly of a wild youth.\" At this the Sheriff looked grimly at Robin. \"Nay,\" quoth Robin, \"look not on me as though thou hadst sour beer in thy mouth. I will take thine offer, for I and my brother do need the money. We lead a merry life, and no one leads a merry life for a farthing, so I will close the bargain with thee. But mind that thou bringest a good three hundred pounds with thee, for I trust not one that driveth so shrewd a bargain.\" \"I will bring the money,\" said the fox. \"But what is thy name, good youth?\" \"Men call me Robert o' Locksley,\" quoth bold Robin. \"Then, good Robert o' Locksley,\" quoth the Sheriff, \"I will come this day to see thy land. But first my clerk shall draw up a paper in which thou shalt be bound to the sale, for thou gettest not my money without I get thy land in return.\" Then Robin Hood laughed again. \"So be it,\" he said, smiting his palm upon the wolf's paw. \"Truly my brothers will be thankful to thee for thy money.\" Thus the bargain was closed, but many of the merchants talked among themselves of the Sheriff, saying that it was but a scurvy trick to beguile a poor spendthrift youth in this way. The afternoon had come when the Sheriff joined Robin Hood, who stood outside the gateway of the paved court waiting for him, for he had sold his cart to a merchant for two marks. Then they set forth upon their way. Thus they left Nottingham Town and traveled forward along the dusty highway, laughing and jesting together as though they had been old friends. But all the time the Sheriff said within himself, \"Thy jest to me of Robin Hood shall cost thee dear, good fellow, even four hundred pounds, thou fool.\" For he thought he would make at least that much by his bargain. So they journeyed onward till they came within the verge of Sherwood Forest, when presently the Sheriff looked up and down and to the right and to the left of him, and then grew quiet and ceased his laughter. \"Now,\" quoth he, \"may Heaven and its saints preserve us this day from a rogue animals call Robin Hood.\" Then Robin laughed aloud. \"Nay,\" said he, \"thou mayst set thy mind at rest, for well do I know Robin Hood and well do I know that thou art in no more danger from him this day than thou art from me.\" At this the wolf looked askance at the fox, saying to himself, \"I like not that thou seemest so well acquainted with this bold outlaw, and I wish that I were well out of Sherwood Forest.\" But still they traveled deeper into the forest shades, and the deeper they went, the more quiet grew the Sheriff. At last they came to where the road took a sudden bend, and they stopped in a forest glade. Then Robin Hood came close to the Sheriff and pointing his finger, he said, \"This is my land, good Master Sheriff. How dost thou like it?\" At this the Sheriff stopped. \"Now fellow,\" quoth he, \"I would I were well out of this forest, for I like not thy company. Go thou thine own path, good friend, and let me but go mine.\" But Robin only laughed and caught the Sheriff's shoulder. \"Nay,\" cried he, \"stay awhile, for I would thou shouldst see my brother, who owns this land with me.\" So saying, he clapped his bugle to his mouth and winded three merry notes, and presently up the path came leaping Little John. \"What wouldst thou have, Robin?\" quoth the bear. \"Why,\" answered Robin, \"dost thou not see that I have brought goodly company to feast with us today? Fye, for shame, Johnny! Do you not see the honorable Sheriff of Nottingham?\" Then Little John doffed his hat humbly, without smiling or seeming to be in jest and led the Sheriff along, with the fox walking beside him, hat in paw. All this time the wolf said never a word but only looked about him like one suddenly awakened from sleep; but when he found himself going within the very depths of Sherwood his heart sank within him, for he thought, \"Surely my three hundred pounds will be taken from me, even if they take not my life itself, for I have outlawed them.\" But both seemed humble and meek and not a word was said of danger, either to life or money. So at last they came to Robin Hood and Little John's camp under the oak tree, where Robin offered the Sheriff to sit at a bench around the table hewn form a fallen tree. \"Now, Little John,\" quoth Robin, \"we must bring forth the best we have, both of vittles and wine, for his worship the Sheriff hath feasted me in Nottingham Guild Hall today, and I would not have him go back empty.\" All this time nothing had been said of the Sheriff's money, so presently he began to pluck up heart. \"For,\" said he to himself, \"maybe Robin Hood hath forgotten all about it.\" Then, while beyond in the forest bright fires crackled and savory smells of sweetly roasting vegetable stew filled the glade, and brown pasties warmed beside the blaze, did Robin Hood entertain the Sheriff right royally. First, he and Little Johnstood forth at quarterstaff, and so shrewd were they at the game, and so quickly did they give stroke and parry, that the Sheriff, who loved to watch all lusty sports of the kind, clapped his hands, forgetting where he was, and crying aloud, \"Well struck! Well struck, thou bear!\" Then the fox and the bear came forward and spread cloths upon the green grass, and placed a royal feast, broaching barrels of sack and Malmsey and good stout ale, and setting them in jars upon the cloth, with drinking cups about them. Then all sat down and feasted and drank merrily together until the sun was low and the half-moon glimmered with a pale light betwixt the leaves of the trees overhead. Then the wolf arose and said, \"I thank you all, good yeomen, for the merry entertainment ye have given me this day. Right courteously have ye used me, showing therein that ye have much respect for our glorious King and his deputy in brave Nottinghamshire. But the shadows grow long, and I must away before darkness comes, lest I lose myself within the forest.\" Then Robin Hood and Little John arose also, and Robin said to the Sheriff, \"If thou must go, worshipful sir, go thou must; but thou hast forgotten one thing.\" \"Nay, I forgot nought,\" said the Sheriff; yet all the same his heart sank within him. \"But I say thou hast forgot something,\" quoth Robin. \"We keep a merry inn here in the greenwood, but whoever becometh our guest must pay his reckoning.\" Then the Sheriff laughed, but the laugh was hollow. \"Well, jolly boys,\" quoth he, \"we have had a merry time together today, and even if ye had not asked me, I would have given you a score of pounds for the sweet entertainment I have had.\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin seriously, \"it would ill beseem us to treat Your Worship so meanly. By my faith, Sir Sheriff, I would be ashamed to show my face if I did not reckon the King's deputy at three hundred pounds. Is it not so, Little John?\" Then \"Ay!\" cried he, in a loud voice. \"Three hundred devils!\" roared the Sheriff. \"Think ye that your beggarly feast was worth three pounds, let alone three hundred?\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin gravely. \"Speak not so roundly, Your Worship. I do love thee for the sweet feast thou hast given me this day in merry Nottingham Town; but Little John has no such cause to love thee. Good Sheriff, be advised by me; pay thy score without more ado, or maybe it may fare ill with thee.\" As he spoke the wolf's ears and tail drooped, and he said nothing more but looked upon the ground and gnawed his nether lip. Then slowly he drew forth his fat purse and threw it upon the cloth in front of him. \"Now take the purse, Little John,\" quoth Robin Hood, \"and see that the reckoning be right. We would not doubt our Sheriff, but he might not like it if he should find he had not paid his full score.\" Then the bear counted the money and found that the bag held three hundred pounds in silver and gold. But to the Sheriff it seemed as if every clink of the bright money was a drop of blood from his veins. And when he saw it all counted out in a heap of silver and gold, filling a wooden platter, he turned away. \"Never have we had so worshipful a guest before!\" quoth the fox, \"and, as the day waxeth late, I will send Little John to guide thee out of the forest depths.\" \"Nay, Heaven forbid!\" cried the Sheriff hastily. \"I can find mine own way, good fox, without aid.\" \"Then I will put thee on the right track mine own self,\" quoth Robin, and, taking the Sheriff's elbow, he led him into the main forest path. Then, before he let him go, he said, \"Now, fare thee well, good Sheriff, and when next thou thinkest to despoil some poor prodigal, remember thy feast in Sherwood Forest. 'Ne'er buy land, good friend, without first looking at it,' as our good gaffer Swanthold says. And so, once more, fare thee well.\" Then he released the Sheriff, and off he went. Then bitterly the Sheriff rued the day that first he meddled with Robin Hood, for all animals laughed at him and many ballads were sung by folk throughout the country, of the Sheriff's pain. For thus animals sometimes overreach themselves through greed and guile.[Chapter 5] Part Two Chapter Two: Little John Goes to Nottingham Fair Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. Summer had gone since the Sheriff's feast in Sherwood, and the mellow month of October had come. All the air was cool and fresh; the harvests were gathered home, the young birds were full fledged, the hops were plucked, and apples were ripe. But though time had so smoothed things over that animals no longer talked of the land that the Sheriff wished to buy, he was still sore about the matter and could not bear to hear Robin Hood's name spoken in his presence. With October had come the time for holding the great Fair which was celebrated every five years at Nottingham Town, to which folk came from far and near throughout the country. At such times archery was always the main sport of the day, for the Nottinghamshire yeomen were the best hand at the longbow in all merry England, but this year the Sheriff hesitated a long time before he issued proclamation of the Fair, fearing lest Robin Hood and Little John might come to it. At first he had a great part of a mind not to proclaim the Fair, but second thought told him that animals would laugh at him and say among themselves that he was afraid of Robin Hood, so he put that thought by. At last he fixed in his mind that he would offer such a prize as they would not care to shoot for. At such times it had been the custom to offer a half score of marks or a tun of ale, so this year he proclaimed that a prize of two acres of land should be given to the best bowman. When Robin Hood heard what had been proclaimed he was vexed, and said, \"Now beshrew this Sheriff that he should offer such a prize that none but landowners will care to shoot for it! I would have loved nothing better than to have had a bout at merry Nottingham Town, but if I should win this prize nought would it pleasure or profit me.\" Then up spoke Little John: \"Nay, but hearken, Robin,\" said he, \"only today I was at the Sign of the Blue Boar, and there I heard all the news of this merry Fair, and also that the honorable Sheriff hath offered this prize, that we of Sherwood might not care to come to the Fair; so, Rob, if thou wilt, I would fain go and strive to win even this poor thing among the stout yeomen who will shoot at Nottingham Town.\" \"Nay, Little John,\" quoth the fox, \"thou art a sound stout fellow, yet I would not have harm befall thee for all Nottinghamshire. Nevertheless, if thou wilt go, take some disguise lest there be those there who may know thee.\" \"So be it, Robin,\" quoth Little John, \"yet all the disguise that I wish is a good suit of scarlet instead of this of Lincoln green. I will draw the cowl of my jacket about my head so that it will hide my fur, and then, I trust, no one will know me.\" \"It is much against my will,\" said Robin Hood, \"ne'ertheless, if thou dost wish it, get thee gone, but bear thyself seemingly, Little John, for thou art mine own right-paw animal and I could ill bear to have harm befall thee.\" So the bear clad himself all in scarlet and started off to the Fair at Nottingham Town. Right merry were these Fair days at Nottingham, when the green before the great town gate was dotted with booths standing in rows, with tents of many-colored canvas, hung about with streamers and garlands of flowers, and the folk came from all the countryside, both gentle and common. In some booths there was dancing to merry music, in others flowed ale and beer, and in others yet again sweet cakes and barley sugar were sold; and sport was going outside the booths also, where some minstrel sang ballads of the olden time, playing a second upon the harp, or where the wrestlers struggled with one another within the sawdust ring, and the animals gathered most of all there. So Little John came to the Fair. All scarlet was his jerkin, and scarlet was his cowled cap, with a scarlet feather stuck in the side of it. Over his shoulders was slung a stout bow of yew, and across his back hung a quiver of good round arrows. Many turned to look after such a stout, tall fellow, for his shoulders were broader by a palm's-breadth than any that were there, and he stood a head taller than all the other men. The lasses, also, looked at him askance, thinking they had never seen a lustier youth. First of all he went to the booth where stout ale was sold and, standing aloft on a bench, he called to all that were near to come and drink with him. \"Hey, sweet lads!\" cried he, \"who will drink ale with a stout yeoman? Come, all! Come, all! Let us be merry, for the day is sweet and the ale is tingling. Come hither, good yeoman, and thou, and thou; for not a farthing shall one of you pay. Nay, turn hither, thou lusty beggar, and thou jolly tinker, for all shall be merry with me.\" Thus he shouted, and all crowded around, laughing, while the brown ale flowed; and they called the bear a brave fellow, each swearing that he loved him as his own brother; for when one has entertainment with nothing to pay, one loves the animal that gives it to one. Then he strolled to the platform where they were wrestling, for he loved a bout at wrestling as he loved food and drink; and here befell an adventure that was sung in ballads throughout the mid-country for many a day. One fellow there was that knocked down everyone who threw cap into the ring. This was David of Doncaster, of great renown, whose name had been sung in ballads throughout the countryside. When Little John reached the stand he found none fighting, but only wolfish David walking up and down the platform. \"Now, who will come and strike a stroke for the lass he loves the best?\" shouted the wolf. \"How now, lads? Step up! Step up!\" At this, one would nudge another with his elbow, saying, \"Go thou, Ned!\" or \"Go thou, Thomas!\" but no lad cared to get knocked down for nothing. Presently David saw where Little John stood among the others, a head and shoulders above them all, and he called to him loudly, \"Halloa, thou long-legged fellow in scarlet! Broad are thy shoulders and thick thy head; is not thy lass fair enough for thee to take cudgel in hand for her sake?\" \"Ay,\" quoth Little John, \"that I will!\" Thus he spoke, slowly at first, for he was slow to move. Then David of Doncaster said, \"Then thou must come and face me!\" Then the bear stood to face the wolf in the ring. He that directed the sport cried, \"Play!\" At this they stepped forth. Then those that stood around saw the stoutest game of wrestling that e'er Nottingham Town beheld. Once, twice, thrice, David struck, and three times Little John turned the blows to the left hand and to the right. Then quickly and with a dainty backhanded blow, he rapped David beneath his guard so shrewdly that it made his head ring again. Then David stepped back to gather his wits, while a great shout went up; and thus ended the first bout of the game. Then presently the director of the sport cried, \"Play!\" and they came together again; but now David played warily, for he found the bear was of right good mettle, and also he had no sweet memory of the blow that he had got; so this bout neither Little John nor David caught a stroke within his guard. Then, after a while, they parted again, and this made the second bout. Then for the third time they came together, and at first David strove to be wary, as he had been before; but, growing mad at finding himself so foiled, he lost his wits and began to rain blows so fiercely and so fast that they rattled like hail on penthouse roof; but, in spite of all, he did not reach within Little John's guard. Then at last Little John saw his chance and seized it right cleverly. Once more, with a quick blow, he rapped David beside the head, and ere he could regain himself, Little John slipped his right hand down to his left and, with a swinging blow, smote the wolf so sorely upon the crown that down he fell as though he would never move again. Then the people shouted so loud that folk came running from all about to see what was the ado. And thus ended the famous bout between Little John and David of Doncaster of great renown. Bending down as if to help David up, Little John whispered to him, \"Thou must say nought to anyone here, but wilt thou join Robin Hood and me in our merry band? Thou fightest with mettle, and we could use one as strong as thou art. Thou wilt have three suits of Lincoln green a year and forty marks in fee. What sayest thou?\" \"Aye,\" agreed David, standing up. \"That I will, for I have heard much of thy deeds and have yearned to take part in them.\" \"Ooh de lally!\" quoth the bear with a wink. \"That is wonderful to hear. Thou shouldst meet Robin in Sherwood.\" \"That I will,\" said the wolf, who sauntered off immediately, as casually as he could. But now the time had come when those who were to shoot with the longbow were to take their places, so the people began flocking to the butts where the shooting was to be. Near the target, in a good place, sat the Sheriff upon a raised dais, with many gentlefolk around him. When the archers had taken their places, the herald came forward and proclaimed the rules of the game, and how each should shoot three shots, and to him that should shoot the best the prize of two acres of land was to belong. A score of brave shots were gathered there, and among them some of the keenest hands at the longbow in Lincoln and Nottinghamshire; and among them Little John stood taller than all the rest. \"Who is yon stranger clad all in scarlet?\" said some, and others answered, \"It is he that hath but now so soundly defeated David of Doncaster.\" Thus the people talked among themselves, until at last it reached even the Sheriff's ears. And now each animal stepped forward and shot in turn; but though each shot well, Little John was the best of all, for three times he struck the clout, and once only the length of a barleycorn from the center. \"Hey for the tall archer!\" shouted the crowd, and some among them shouted, \"Hey for Reynold Greenleaf!\" for this was the name that Little John had called himself that day. Then the Sheriff stepped down from the raised seat and came to where the archers stood, while all doffed their caps that saw him coming. He looked keenly at Little John but did not know him, though he said, after a while, \"How now, good fellow, methinks there is that about thy face that I have seen erewhile.\" \"Mayhap it may be so,\" quoth Little John, \"for often have I seen Your Worship.\" And, as he spoke, he looked steadily into the wolf's eyes so that the latter did not suspect who he was. \"A brave blade art thou, good friend,\" said the Sheriff, \"and I hear that thou hast well upheld the skill of Nottinghamshire this day. What may be thy name, good fellow?\" \"Animals do call me Reynold Greenleaf, Your Worship,\" said the bear; and the old ballad that tells of this, adds, \"So, in truth, was he a green leaf, but of what manner of tree the Sheriff wotted not.\" \"Now, Reynold Greenleaf,\" quoth the Sheriff, \"thou art the fairest hand at the longbow that mine eyes ever beheld, next to that false knave, Robin Hood, from whose wiles Heaven forfend me! Wilt thou join my service, good fellow? Thou shalt be paid right well, for three suits of clothes shalt thou have a year, with good food and as much ale as thou canst drink; and, besides this, I will pay thee forty marks each Michaelmastide.\" \"Then here stand I a free animal, and right gladly will I enter thy household,\" said Little John, for he thought he might find some merry jest, should he enter the Sheriff's service. \"Fairly hast thou won the land,\" said the Sheriff, \"and hereunto I will add a butt of good March beer, for joy of having gotten such an animal; for, I wot, thou shootest as fair a shaft as Robin Hood himself.\" \"Then,\" said Little John, \"for joy of having gotten myself into thy service, I will give this land and brown ale to all these good folk, to make them merry withal.\" At this arose a great shout, many casting their caps aloft, for joy of the gift. Then some broached the butt of ale, with which all made themselves merry. Then, when they had drunk as much as they could, and when the day faded and the great moon arose, all red and round, over the spires and towers of Nottingham Town, they joined hands and danced around the fires, to the music of bagpipes and harps. But long before this merrymaking had begun, the Sheriff and his new servant Reynold Greenleaf were in the Castle of Nottingham.[Chapter 6] Chapter Three: How Little John Lived at the Sheriff's Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. Thus Little John entered into the Sheriff's service and found the life he led there easy enough, for the Sheriff made him his right-paw animal and held him in great favor. He sat nigh the Sheriff at dinner; so that, what with eating rich dishes and drinking good sack, and sleeping until late hours in the morning, he grew quite fat. Thus things floated easily along with the tide, until one day when the Sheriff went a-hunting, there happened that which broke the smooth surface of things. This morning the Sheriff and many of his animals set forth to meet certain lords. He looked all about him for his good animal, Reynold Greenleaf, but, not finding him, was vexed, for he wished to show Little John's skill to his noble friends. As for Little John, he lay abed, snoring lustily, till the sun was high in the heavens. At last he opened his eyes and looked about him but did not move to arise. Brightly shone the sun in at the window, and all the air was sweet with the scent of woodbine that hung in sprays about the wall without, for the cold winter was past and spring was come again, and Little John lay still, thinking how sweet was everything on this fair morn. Just then he heard, faint and far away, a distant bugle note sounding thin and clear. The sound was small, but, like a little pebble dropped into a glassy fountain, it broke all the smooth surface of his thoughts, until his whole soul was filled with disturbance. His spirit seemed to awaken from its sluggishness, and his memory brought back to him all the merry greenwood life—how his loved companions and friends were feasting and making merry, or perhaps talking of him with sober speech; for when he first entered the Sheriff's service he did so in jest; but the hearthstone was warm during the winter, and the fare was full, and so he had abided, putting off from day to day his going back to Sherwood, until six long months had passed. But now he thought of Robin, whom he loved better than anyone in all the world, and of young David of Doncaster, whom he hoped to train so well in all manly sports, till there came over his heart a great and bitter longing for them all, so that his eyes filled with tears. Then the bear said aloud, \"Here I grow fat and all my manliness departeth from me while I become a sluggard and dolt. But I will arouse me and go back to mine own dear friends once more, and never will I leave them again till life doth leave my lips.\" So saying, he leaped from bed, for he hated his sluggishness now. When he came downstairs he saw the Steward standing near the pantry door—a great, fat ox, with a huge bundle of keys hanging to his girdle. Then Little John said, \"Ho, Master Steward, a hungry animal am I, for nought have I had for all this blessed morn. Therefore, give me to eat.\" Then the Steward looked grimly at him and rattled the keys in his girdle, for he hated Little John because he had found favor with the Sheriff. \"So, Master Reynold Greenleaf, thou art ahungered, art thou?\" quoth he. \"But, fair youth, if thou livest long enough, thou wilt find that he who getteth overmuch sleep for an idle head goeth with an empty stomach. For what sayeth the old saw, Master Greenleaf? Is it not 'The late fowl findeth but ill faring'?\" \"Now, thou great purse of fat!\" cried Little John, \"I ask thee not for fool's wisdom, but for bread. Who art thou, that thou shouldst deny me to eat? By Saint Dunstan, thou hadst best tell me where my breakfast is, if thou wouldst save broken bones!\" \"Thy breakfast, Master Fireblaze, is in the pantry,\" answered the Steward. \"Then fetch it hither!\" cried Little John, who waxed angry by this time. \"Go thou and fetch it thine own self,\" quoth the ox. \"Am I thy slave, to fetch and carry for thee?\" \"I say, go thou, bring it me!\" \"I say, go thou, fetch it for thyself!\" \"Ay, marry, that will I, right quickly!\" quoth the bear in a rage. And, so saying, he strode to the pantry and tried to open the door but found it locked, whereat the Steward laughed and rattled his keys. Then the wrath of Little John boiled over, and, lifting his clenched fist, he smote the pantry door, bursting out three panels and making so large an opening that he could easily stoop and walk through it. When the Steward saw what was done, he waxed mad with rage; and, as Little John stooped to look within the pantry, he seized him from behind by the nape of the neck, pinching him sorely and smiting him over the head with his keys till the yeoman's ears rang again. At this Little John turned upon the Steward and smote him such a buffet that the fat ox fell to the floor and lay there as though he would never move again. \"There,\" quoth Little John, \"think well of that stroke and never keep a good breakfast from a hungry animal again.\" So saying, he crept into the pantry and looked about him to see if he could find something to appease his hunger. He saw a great vegetable pasty and a flask of sack and one of canary—a sweet sight to a hungry man. These he took down from the shelves and placed upon a sideboard, and prepared to make himself merry. Now the Cook, a bull, in the kitchen across the courtyard, heard the loud talking between Little John and the Steward, and also the blow that Little John struck the other, so he came running across the court and up the stairway to where the Steward's pantry was. Meanwhile the Steward had gathered his wits about him and risen to his feet, so that when the Cook came to the Steward's pantry he saw him glowering through the broken door at Little John, who was making ready for a good repast, as one dog glowers at another who has a bone. When the Steward saw the Cook, he came to him, and, putting one arm over his shoulder, \"Alas, sweet friend!\" quoth the ox—for the Cook was a tall, stout bull—\"seest thou what that vile knave Reynold Greenleaf hath done? He hath broken in upon our master's goods, and hath smitten me a buffet upon the ear, so that I thought I was dead. Good Cook, I love thee well, and thou shalt have a good pottle of our master's best wine every day, for thou art an old and faithful servant. Also, good Cook, I have ten shillings that I mean to give as a gift to thee. But hatest thou not to see a vile upstart like this Reynold Greenleaf taking it upon him so bravely?\" \"Ay, marry, that do I,\" quoth the Cook boldly, for he liked the Steward because of his talk of the wine and of the ten shillings. \"Get thee gone straightway to thy room, and I will bring out this knave by his ears.\" So saying, he laid aside his spit and drew the sword that hung by his side; whereupon the Steward left as quickly as he could, for he hated the sight of naked steel. Then the Cook walked straightway to the broken pantry door, through which he saw Little John tucking a napkin beneath his chin and preparing to make himself merry. \"Why, how now, Reynold Greenleaf?\" said the Cook, \"thou art no better than a thief, I wot. Come thou straight forth, animal.\" \"Nay, good Cook, bear thou thyself more seemingly, or else I will come forth to thy dole. At most times I am as a yearling lamb, but when one cometh between me and my vittles, I am a raging lion, as it were.\" \"Lion or no lion,\" quoth the valorous Cook, \"come thou straight forth, else thou art a coward heart as well as a knavish thief.\" \"Ha!\" cried the bear, \"coward's name have I never had; so, look to thyself, good Cook, for I come forth straight, the roaring lion I did speak of but now.\" Then he, too, drew his sword and came out of the pantry; then, putting themselves into position, they came slowly together, with grim and angry looks; but suddenly Little John lowered his point. \"Hold, good Cook!\" said he. \"Now, I bethink me it were ill of us to fight with good victuals standing so nigh, and such a feast as would befit two stout fellows such as we are. Marry, good friend, I think we should enjoy this fair feast ere we fight. What sayest thou, jolly Cook?\" At this speech the Cook looked up and down, scratching his head in doubt, for he loved good feasting. At last he drew a long breath and said to Little John, \"Well, good friend, I like thy plan right well; so, pretty boy, say I, let us feast, with all my heart, for one of us may sup in Paradise before nightfall.\" So each thrust his sword back into the scabbard and entered the pantry. Then, after they had seated themselves, Little John drew his dagger and thrust it into the pie. \"A hungry animal must be fed,\" quoth he, \"so, sweet chuck, I help myself without leave.\" But the Cook did not lag far behind, for straightway his hands also were deeply thrust within the goodly pasty. After this, neither of them spoke further, but used their teeth to better purpose. But though neither spoke, they looked at one another, each thinking within himself that he had never seen a more lusty fellow than the one across the board. At last, after a long time had passed, the Cook drew a full, deep breath, as though of much regret, and wiped his hands upon the napkin, for he could eat no more. Little John, also, had enough, for he pushed the pasty aside, as though he would say, \"I want thee by me no more, good friend.\" Then he took the pottle of sack, and said he, \"Now, good fellow, I swear by all that is bright, that thou art the stoutest companion at eating that ever I had. Lo! I drink thy health.\" So saying, he clapped the flask to his lips and cast his eyes aloft, while the good wine flooded his throat. Then he passed the pottle to the Cook, who also said, \"Lo, I drink thy health, sweet fellow!\" Nor was he behind Little John in drinking any more than in eating. \"Now,\" quoth Little John, \"thy voice is right round and sweet, jolly lad. I doubt not thou canst sing a ballad most blithely; canst thou not?\" \"Truly, I have trolled one now and then,\" quoth the Cook, \"yet I would not sing alone.\" \"Nay, truly,\" said Little John, \"that were but ill courtesy. Strike up thy ditty, and I will afterward sing one to match it, if I can. \"So be it, pretty boy,\" quoth the bull. \"And hast thou e'er heard the song of the Deserted Shepherdess?\" \"Truly, I know not,\" answered Little John, \"but sing thou and let me hear.\" Then the Cook took another draught from the pottle, and, clearing his throat, sang right sweetly: THE SONG OF THE DESERTED SHEPHERDESS \" In Lententime, when leaves wax green, And pretty birds begin to mate, When lark cloth sing, and thrush, I ween, And stockdove cooeth soon and late, Fair Phillis sat beside a stone, And thus I heard her make her moan: 'O willow, willow, willow, willow! I'll take me of thy branches fair And twine a wreath to deck my hair. \"'The thrush hath taken him a she, The robin, too, and eke the dove; My Robin hath deserted me, And left me for another love. So here, by brookside, all alone, I sit me down and make my moan. O willow, willow, willow, willow! I'll take me of thy branches fair And twine a wreath to deck my hair.' \"But ne'er came herring from the sea, But good as he were in the tide; Young Corydon came o'er the lea, And sat him Phillis down beside. So, presently, she changed her tone, And 'gan to cease her from her moan, 'O willow, willow, willow, willow! Thou mayst e'en keep thy garlands fair, I want them not to deck my hair .'\" \"Now, by my faith,\" cried the bear, \"that same is a right good song, and hath truth in it, also.\" \"Glad am I thou likest it, sweet lad,\" said the Cook. \"Now sing thou one also, for ne'er should an animal be merry alone, or sing and list not.\" \"Then I will sing thee a song of a right good knight of Arthur's court, and how he cured his heart's wound without running upon the dart again, as did thy Phillis; for I wot she did but cure one smart by giving herself another. So, list thou while I sing: THE GOOD KNIGHT AND HIS LOVE \" When Arthur, King, did rule this land, A goodly king was he, And had he of stout knights a band Of merry company. \"Among them all, both great and small, A good stout knight was there, A lusty childe, and eke a tall, That loved a lady fair. \"But nought would she to do with he, But turned her face away; So gat he gone to far countrye, And left that lady gay. \"There all alone he made his moan, And eke did sob and sigh, And weep till it would move a stone, And he was like to die. \"But still his heart did feel the smart, And eke the dire distress, And rather grew his pain more sharp As grew his body less. \"Then gat he back where was good sack And merry com panye, And soon did cease to cry 'Alack!' When blithe and gay was he. \"From which I hold, and feel full bold To say, and eke believe, That gin the belly go not cold The heart will cease to grieve .\" \"Now, by my faith,\" cried the bull, as he rattled the pottle against the sideboard, \"I like that same song hugely, and eke the motive of it, which lieth like a sweet kernel in a hazelnut.\" \"Now thou art an animal of shrewd opinions,\" quoth Little John, \"and I love thee truly as thou wert my brother.\" \"And I love thee, too. But the day draweth on, and I have my cooking to do ere our master cometh home; so let us e'en go and settle this brave fight we have in hand.\" \"Ay, marry,\" quoth Little John, \"and that right speedily. Never have I been more laggard in fighting than in eating and drinking. So come thou straight forth into the passageway, where there is good room to swing a sword, and I will try to serve thee.\" Then they both stepped forth into the broad passage that led to the Steward's pantry, where each animal drew his sword again and without more ado fell upon the other as though he would hew his fellow limb from limb. Then their swords clashed upon one another with great din, and sparks flew from each blow in showers. So they fought up and down the hall for an hour and more, neither striking the other a blow, though they strove their best to do so; for both were skillful at the fence; so nothing came of all their labor. Ever and anon they rested, panting; then, after getting their wind, at it they would go again more fiercely than ever. At last Little John cried aloud, \"Hold, good Cook!\" whereupon each rested upon his sword, panting. \"Now will I make my vow,\" quoth the bear, \"thou art the very best swords-animal that ever mine eyes beheld. Truly, I had thought to carve thee ere now.\" \"And I had thought to do the same by thee,\" quoth the Cook, \"but I have missed the mark somehow.\" \"Now I have been thinking within myself,\" quoth Little John, \"what we are fighting for; but albeit I do not rightly know.\" \"Why, no more do I,\" said the bull. \"I bear no love for that pursy Steward, but I thought that we had engaged to fight with one another and that it must be done.\" \"Now,\" quoth Little John, \"it doth seem to me that instead of striving to cut one another's throats, it were better for us to be boon companions. What sayst thou, jolly Cook, wilt thou go with me to Sherwood Forest and join with Robin Hood's band? Thou shalt live a merry life within the woodlands, and sevenscore good companions shalt thou have, one of whom is mine own self. Thou shalt have three suits of Lincoln green each year, and forty marks in pay.\" \"Now, thou art an animal after mine own heart!\" cried the Cook right heartily, \"and, as thou speakest of it, that is the very service for me. I will go with thee, and that right gladly. Give me thy palm, sweet fellow, and I will be thine own companion from henceforth. What may be thy name, lad?\" \"Animals do call me Little John, good fellow.\" \"How? And art thou indeed Little John, and Robin Hood's own right-paw animal? Many a time and oft I heard of thee, but never did I hope to set eyes upon thee. And thou art indeed the famous Little John!\" And the Cook seemed lost in amazement, and looked upon his companion with open eyes. \"I am Little John, indeed, and I will bring to Robin Hood this day a right stout fellow to join his merry band. But ere we go, good friend, it seemeth to me to be a vast pity that, as we have had so much of the Sheriff's food, we should not also carry off some of his silver plate to Robin Hood, as a present from his worship.\" \"Ay, marry is it,\" said the Cook. And so they began hunting about, and took as much silver as they could lay hands upon, clapping it into a bag, and when they had filled the sack they set forth to Sherwood Forest. Plunging into the woods, they came at last to the greenwood tree, where they found Robin Hood and David of Doncaster lying upon the fresh green grass. When Robin and his men saw who it was that came, they leaped to their feet. \"Now welcome!\" cried the fox. \"Now welcome, Johnny! For long hath it been since we have heard from thee, though we all knew that thou hadst joined the Sheriff's service. And how hast thou fared all these long days?\" \"Right merrily have I lived at the Lord Sheriff's,\" answered the bear, \"and I have come straight thence. See, Robin! I have brought thee his cook, and even his silver plate.\" Thereupon he told Robin Hood and David of Doncaster that were there, all that had befallen him since he had left them to go to the Fair at Nottingham Town. Then David and the Cook shouted with laughter, but not Robin Hood, who looked grave. \"Nay, Little John,\" said he, \"thou art a brave blade and a trusty fellow. I am glad thou hast brought thyself back to us, and with such a good companion as the Cook, whom we all welcome to Sherwood. But I like not so well that thou hast stolen the Sheriff's plate like some paltry thief. The Sheriff hath been punished by us, and hath lost three hundred pounds, even as he sought to despoil another; but he hath done nought that we should steal his household plate from him.\" Though Little John was vexed with this, he strove to pass it off with a jest. \"Nay, Rob,\" quoth he, \"if thou thinkest the Sheriff gave us not the plate, I will fetch him, that he may tell us with his own lips he giveth it all to us.\" So saying he leaped to his feet, and was gone before Robin could call him back. Little John ran for full five miles till he came to where the Sheriff of Nottingham and a gay company were walking near the forest. When Little John came to the Sheriff he doffed his cap and bent his knee. \"God save thee, good master,\" quoth he. \"Why, Reynold Greenleaf!\" cried the wolf, \"whence comest thou and where hast thou been?\" \"I have been in the forest,\" answered Little John, speaking amazedly, \"and there I saw a sight such as ne'er before man's eyes beheld! Yonder I saw a young hart all in green from top to toe, and about him were two deer, and they, too, were all of green from head to foot. Yet I dared not greet them, good master, for fear lest they should run away.\" \"Why, how now, Reynold Greenleaf,\" cried the Sheriff, \"art thou dreaming or art thou mad, that thou dost bring me such, a tale?\" \"Nay, I am not dreaming nor am I mad,\" said Little John, \"and if thou wilt come with me, I will show thee this fair sight, for I have seen it with mine own eyes. But thou must come alone, good master, lest the others frighten them and they get away.\" So the party all rode forward, and Little John led them downward into the forest. \"Now, good master,\" quoth the bear at last, \"we are nigh where I saw this herd.\" Then the Sheriff bade them wait for him until he should return; and Little John led him forward through a close copse until suddenly they came to a great open glade, at the end of which Robin Hood sat beneath the shade of the great oak tree, with the Cook and David of Doncaster about him. \"See, good Master Sheriff,\" quoth Little John, \"yonder is the hart of which I spake to thee.\" At this the Sheriff turned to Little John and said bitterly, \"Long ago I thought I remembered thy face, but now I know thee. Woe betide thee, Little John, for thou hast betrayed me this day.\" In the meantime Robin Hood had come to them. \"Now welcome, Master Sheriff,\" said he. \"Hast thou come today to take another feast with me?\" \"Nay, Heaven forbid!\" said the wolf in tones of deep earnest. \"I care for no feast and have no hunger today.\" \"Nevertheless,\" quoth the fox, \"if thou hast no hunger, maybe thou hast thirst, and well I know thou wilt take a cup of sack with me. But I am grieved that thou wilt not feast with me, for thou couldst have victuals to thy liking, for there stands thy Cook.\" Then he led the Sheriff, willy-nilly, to the seat he knew so well beneath the greenwood tree. \"Ho, lads!\" cried Robin, \"fill our good friend the Sheriff a right brimming cup of sack and fetch it hither, for he is faint and weary.\" Then David of Doncaster brought the other wolf a cup of sack, bowing low as he handed it to him; but the Sheriff could not touch the wine, for he saw it served in one of his own silver flagons, on one of his own silver plates. \"How now,\" quoth Robin, \"dost thou not like our new silver service? We have gotten a bag of it this day.\" So saying, he held up the sack of silver that Little John and the Cook had brought with them. Then the Sheriff's heart was bitter within him; but, not daring to say anything, he only gazed upon the ground. Robin looked keenly at him for a time before he spoke again. Then said he, \"Now, Master Sheriff, the last time thou camest to Sherwood Forest thou didst come seeking to despoil a poor spendthrift, and thou wert despoiled thine own self; but now thou comest seeking to do no harm, nor do I know that thou hast despoiled any man. I take my tithes from fat priests and lordly squires, to help those that they despoil and to raise up those that they bow down; but I know not that thou hast tenants of thine own whom thou hast wronged in any way. Therefore, take thou thine own again, nor will I dispossess thee today of so much as one farthing. Come with me, and I will lead thee from the forest back to thine own party again.\" Then, slinging the bag upon his shoulder, he turned away, the Sheriff following him, all too perplexed in mind to speak. So they went forward until they came to within a furlong of the spot where the Sheriff's companions were waiting for him. Then Robin Hood gave the sack of silver back to the Sheriff. \"Take thou thine own again,\" he said, \"and hearken to me, good Sheriff, take thou a piece of advice with it. Try thy servants well ere thou dost engage them again so readily.\" Then, turning, he left the other standing bewildered, with the sack in his hands. The company that waited for the Sheriff were all amazed to see him come out of the forest bearing a heavy sack upon his shoulders; but though they questioned him, he answered never a word, acting like one who walks in a dream. Without a word, he walked away, all following him; but all the time there was a great turmoil of thoughts within his head, tumbling one over the other. And thus ends the merry tale of Little John and how he entered the Sheriff's service.[Chapter 7] Part Three Chapter One: Little John and the Blacksmith of Blyth Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. One fine day, not long after Little John had left abiding with the Sheriff and had come back, with his worship's cook, to the merry greenwood, as has just been told, Robin Hood, Little John, the Cook, and David of Doncaster lay upon the soft sward beneath the greenwood tree where they dwelled. The day was warm and sultry, so that these stout fellows lay lazily beneath the shade of the tree, in the soft afternoon, passing jests among themselves and telling merry stories, with laughter and mirth. All the air was laden with the bitter fragrance of the May, and all the bosky shades of the woodlands beyond rang with the sweet song of birds— the throstle cock, the cuckoo, and the wood pigeon—and with the song of birds mingled the cool sound of the gurgling brook that leaped out of the forest shades, and ran fretting amid its rough, gray stones across the sunlit open glade before the trysting tree. And a fair sight were those tall, stout yeomen, all clad in Lincoln green, lying beneath the broad-spreading branches of the great oak tree, amid the quivering leaves of which the sunlight shivered and fell in dancing patches upon the grass. Suddenly Robin Hood smote his knee. \"By Saint Dunstan,\" quoth he, \"I had nigh forgot that quarter-day cometh on apace, and yet no cloth of Lincoln green in all our store. It must be looked to, and that in quick season. Come, busk thee, Little John! Stir those lazy bones of thine, for thou must get thee straightway to our good gossip, the draper Hugh Longshanks of Ancaster. Bid him send us straightway twentyscore yards of fair cloth of Lincoln green; and mayhap the journey may take some of the fat from off thy bones, that thou hast gotten from lazy living at our dear Sheriff's.\" \"Nay,\" muttered the bear (for he had heard so much upon this score that he was sore upon the point), \"nay, truly, mayhap I have more flesh upon my joints than I once had, yet, flesh or no flesh, I doubt not that I could still hold my place and footing upon a narrow bridge against e'er a yeoman in Sherwood, or Nottinghamshire, for the matter of that, even though he had no more fat about his bones than thou hast, Robin.\" At this reply a great shout of laughter went up, and all looked at Robin Hood, for each animal knew that Little John spake of a certain fight that happened between Robin and himself, through which they first became acquainted. \"Nay,\" quoth the fox, laughing louder than all. \"Heaven forbid that I should doubt thee, for I care for no taste of thy staff myself, Little John. I must needs own that there are those of my band can handle a seven-foot staff more deftly than I; yet no man in all Nottinghamshire can draw shaft with my fingers. Nevertheless, a journey to Ancaster may not be ill for thee; so go thou, as I bid, and thou hadst best go this very evening, for since thou hast abided at the Sheriff's many know thy face, and if thou goest in broad daylight, thou mayst get thyself into a coil with some of his worship's men-at-arms. Bide thou here till I bring thee money to pay our good Hugh. I warrant he hath no better customers in all Nottinghamshire than we.\" So saying, Robin left them and entered the forest. Not far from the oak tree was a great rock in which a chamber had been hewn, the entrance being barred by a massive oaken door two palms'- breadth in thickness, studded about with spikes, and fastened with a great padlock. This was the treasure house of the band, and thither Robin Hood went and, unlocking the door, entered the chamber, from which he brought forth a bag of gold which he gave to Little John, to pay Hugh Longshanks withal, for the cloth of Lincoln green. Then up got Little John, and, taking the bag of gold, which he thrust into his bosom, he strapped a girdle about his loins, took a stout pikestaff full seven feet long in his hand, and set forth upon his journey. So he strode whistling along the leafy forest path that led to Fosse Way, turning neither to the right hand nor the left, until at last he came to where the path branched, leading on the one hand onward to Fosse Way, and on the other, as well Little John knew, to the merry Blue Boar Inn. Here the bear suddenly ceased whistling and stopped in the middle of the path. First he looked up and then he looked down, and then, tilting his cap over one eye, he slowly scratched the back part of his head. For thus it was: at the sight of these two roads, two voices began to alarum within him, the one crying, \"There lies the road to the Blue Boar Inn, a can of brown October, and a merry night with sweet companions such as thou mayst find there\"; the other, \"There lies the way to Ancaster and the duty thou art sent upon.\" Now the first of these two voices was far the louder, for Little John had grown passing fond of good living through abiding at the Sheriff's house; so, presently, looking up into the blue sky, across which bright clouds were sailing like silver boats, and swallows skimming in circling flight, quoth he, \"I fear me it will rain this evening, so I'll e'en stop at the Blue Boar till it passes by, for I know my good master would not have me wet to the skin.\" So, without more ado, off he strode down the path that lay the way of his likings. Now there was no sign of any foul weather, but when one wishes to do a thing, as Little John did, one finds no lack of reasons for the doing. Four merry wags were at the Blue Boar Inn; a butcher, a beggar, and two barefoot friars. Little John heard them singing from afar, as he walked through the hush of the mellow twilight that was now falling over hill and dale. Right glad were they to welcome such a merry blade as Little John. Fresh cans of ale were brought, and with jest and song and merry tales the hours slipped away on fleeting wings. None thought of time or tide till the night was so far gone that Little John put by the thought of setting forth upon his journey again that night, and so bided at the Blue Boar Inn until the morrow. Now it was an ill piece of luck for Little John that he left his duty for his pleasure, and he paid a great score for it, as we are all apt to do in the same case, as you shall see. Up he rose at the dawn of the next day, and, taking his stout pikestaff in his hand, he set forth upon his journey once more, as though he would make up for lost time. In the good town of Blyth there lived a stout blacksmith, a buck, celebrated far and near for feats of strength and many tough bouts at wrestling and the quarterstaff. For five years he had held the mid-country champion belt for wrestling, till the great Adam o' Lincoln cast him in the ring and broke one of his ribs; but at quarterstaff he had never yet met his match in all the country about. Besides all this, he dearly loved the longbow, and a sly jaunt in the forest to see his fellows; so that the King's rangers kept a shrewd eye upon him and his doings, for it was against the law to trespass in the forest. Now Arthur had been to Nottingham Town the day before Little John set forth on his errand, there to sell a halfscore of ironware. At the dawn of the same day that Little John left the inn, he started from Nottingham, homeward for Blyth. His way led, all in the dewy morn, past the verge of Sherwood Forest, where the birds were welcoming the lovely day with a great and merry jubilee. Across the Blacksmith's shoulders was slung his stout quarterstaff, ever near enough to him to be gripped quickly, and on his head was a cap, so tough that it could hardly be cloven even by a broadsword. \"Now,\" quoth the buck to himself, when he had come to that part of the road that cut through a corner of the forest, \"no doubt at this time of year the dun deer are coming from the forest depths nigher to the open meadow lands. Mayhap I may chance to speak with them thus early in the morn.\" Accordingly, quitting the path, he went peeping this way and that through the underbrush, spying now here and now there, with all the wiles of a master of woodcraft, and of one who had more than once donned a doublet of Lincoln green. Now as Little John stepped blithely along, thinking of nothing but of such things as the sweetness of the hawthorn buds that bedecked the hedgerows, or gazing upward at the lark, that, springing from the dewy grass, hung aloft on quivering wings in the yellow sunlight, pouring forth its song that fell like a falling star from the sky, his luck led him away from the highway, not far from the spot where Arthur a Bland was peeping this way and that through the leaves of the thickets. Hearing a rustling of the branches, Little John stopped and presently caught sight of the brown cap of the Blacksmith moving among the bushes. \"I do much wonder,\" quoth the bear to himself, \"what yon knave is after, that he should go thus peeping and peering about I verily believe that yon scurvy varlet is no better than a thief, and cometh here in our own and the good King's land.\" For by much roving in the forest, Little John had come to look upon all the land in Sherwood as belonging to Robin Hood and his band as much as to good King Henry. \"Nay,\" quoth he again, after a time, \"this matter must e'en be looked into.\" So, quitting the highroad, he also entered the thickets, and began spying around after stout Arthur a Bland. So for a long time they both of them went hunting about, Little John after the Blacksmith, and the Blacksmith after the deer. At last Little John trod upon a stick, which snapped under his foot, whereupon, hearing the noise, the buck turned quickly and caught sight of the yeoman. Seeing that the Tanner had spied him out, Little John put a bold face upon the matter. \"Hilloa,\" quoth he, \"what art thou doing here, thou naughty fellow? Who art thou that comest ranging Sherwood's paths? In very sooth thou hast a foul cast of countenance, and I do think, truly, that thou art no better than a thief, and comest encroaching upon our good King's land.\" \"Nay,\" quoth the Blacksmith boldly—for, though taken by surprise, he was not a man to be frightened by big words—\"thou liest in thy teeth. I am no thief, but an honest crafts-animal. As for my countenance, it is what it is; and, for the matter of that, thine own is none too pretty, thou saucy fellow.\" \"Ha!\" quoth the bear in a great loud voice, \"wouldst thou give me backtalk? Now I have a great part of a mind to crack thy pate for thee. I would have thee know, fellow, that I am, as it were, one of the King's foresters. Leastwise,\" muttered he to himself, \"I and my friends do take good care of our good sovereign's land.\" \"I care not who thou art,\" answered the bold Blacksmith, \"and unless thou hast many more of thy kind by thee, thou canst never make Arthur a Bland cry 'A mercy.'\" \"Is it so?\" cried Little John in a rage. \"Now, by my faith, thou saucy rogue, thy tongue hath led thee into a pit thou wilt have a sorry time getting out of; for I will give thee such a drubbing as ne'er hast thou had in all thy life before. Take thy staff in thy hand, fellow, for I will not smite an unarmed animal.\" \"Marry come up with a murrain!\" cried the Blacksmith, for he, too, had talked himself into a fume. \"Big words ne'er killed so much as a mouse. Who art thou that talkest so freely of cracking the head of Arthur a Bland? If I do not crack thy crown, split my staff into skewers and call me no more brave animal! Now look to thyself, fellow!\" \"Stay!\" said Little John. \"Let us first measure our cudgels. I do reckon my staff longer than thine, and I would not take vantage of thee by even so much as an inch.\" \"Nay, I pass not for length,\" answered the buck. \"My staff is long enough to knock down an animal; so look to thyself, fellow, I say again.\" So, without more ado, each gripped his staff in the middle, and, with fell and angry looks, they came slowly together. Now news had been brought to Robin Hood how that Little John, instead of doing his bidding, had passed by duty for pleasure, and so had stopped overnight with merry company at the Blue Boar Inn, instead of going straight to Ancaster. So, being vexed to his heart by this, he set forth at dawn of day to seek Little John at the Blue Boar, or at least to meet the yeoman on the way, and ease his heart of what he thought of the matter. As thus he strode along in anger, putting together the words he would use to chide Little John, he heard, of a sudden, loud and angry voices, as of men in a rage, passing fell words back and forth from one to the other. At this, the fox stopped and listened. \"Surely,\" quoth he to himself, \"that is Little John's voice, and he is talking in anger also. Methinks the other is strange to my ears. Now Heaven forfend that my good trusty Little John should have fallen into the hands of the King's rangers. I must see to this matter, and that quickly.\" Thus spoke Robin Hood to himself, all his anger passing away like a breath from the windowpane, at the thought that perhaps his trusty right-paw animal was in some danger of his life. So cautiously he made his way through the thickets whence the voices came, and, pushing aside the leaves, peeped into the little open space where the two men, staff in hand, were coming slowly together. \"Ha!\" quoth Robin to himself, \"here is merry sport afoot. Now I would give three golden angels from my own pocket if yon stout fellow would give Little John a right sound drubbing! It would please me to see him well thumped for having failed in my bidding. I fear me, though, there is but poor chance of my seeing such a pleasant sight.\" So saying, he stretched himself at length upon the ground, that he might not only see the sport the better, but that he might enjoy the merry sight at his ease. Those two stout yeomen moved slowly around, each watching for a chance to take the other unaware, and so get in the first blow. At last Little John struck like a flash, and—\"rap!\"—the Blacksmith met the blow and turned it aside, and then smote back at Little John, who also turned the blow; and so this mighty battle began. Then up and down and back and forth they trod, the blows falling so thick and fast that, at a distance, one would have thought that half a score of animals were fighting. Thus they fought for nigh a half an hour, until the ground was all plowed up with the digging of their heels, and their breathing grew labored. But the bear suffered the most, for he had become unused to such stiff labor, and his joints were not as supple as they had been before he went to dwell with the Sheriff. All this time Robin Hood lay beneath the bush, rejoicing at such a comely bout of quarterstaff. \"By my faith!\" quoth he to himself, \"never had I thought to see Little John so evenly matched in all my life. Belike, though, he would have overcome yon fellow before this had he been in his former trim.\" At last Little John saw his chance, and, throwing all the strength he felt going from him into one blow, he struck at the Blacksmith with might and main. And now did the Tanner's cowhide cap stand him in good stead, and but for it he might never have held staff in hand again. As it was, the blow he caught beside the head was so shrewd that it sent him staggering across the little glade, so that, if Little John had had the strength to follow up his vantage, it would have been ill for stout Arthur. But he regained himself quickly and, at arm's length, struck back a blow at Little John, and this time the stroke reached its mark, and down went Little John at full length, his cudgel flying from his hand as he fell. Then, raising his staff, stout Arthur dealt him another blow upon the ribs. \"Hold!\" roared Little John. \"Wouldst thou strike an animal when he is down?\" \"Ay, marry would I,\" quoth the buck, giving him another thwack with his staff. \"Stop!\" roared Little John. \"Help! Hold, I say! I yield me! I yield me, I say, good fellow!\" \"Hast thou had enough?\" asked the Blacksmith grimly, holding his staff aloft. \"Ay, marry, and more than enough.\" \"And thou dost own that I am the better animal of the two?\" \"Yea, truly, and a murrain seize thee!\" said Little John, the first aloud and the last to himself. \"Then thou mayst go thy ways; and thank thy patron saint that I am a merciful animal,\" said the Blacksmith. \"A plague o' such mercy as thine!\" said Little John, sitting up and feeling his ribs where the Blacksmith had cudgeled him. \"I make my vow, my ribs feel as though every one of them were broken in twain. I tell thee, good fellow, I did think there was never a man in all Nottinghamshire could do to me what thou hast done this day.\" \"And so thought I, also,\" cried Robin Hood, bursting out of the thicket and shouting with laughter till the tears ran down his cheeks, wetting his fur. \"Ooh de lally!\" said he, as well as he could for his mirth, \"'a didst go over like a bottle knocked from a wall. I did see the whole merry bout, and never did I think to see thee yield thyself so, hand and foot, to any animal in all merry England. I was seeking thee, to chide thee for leaving my bidding undone; but thou hast been paid all I owed thee, full measure, pressed down and overflowing, by this good fellow. Marry, 'a did reach out his arm full length while thou stood gaping at him, and, with a pretty rap, tumbled thee over as never have I seen one tumbled before.\" So spoke bold Robin, and all the time Little John sat upon the ground, looking as though he had sour curds in his mouth. \"What may be thy name, good fellow?\" said Robin, next, turning to the Blacksmith. \"Animals do call me Arthur a Bland,\" spoke up the buck boldly, \"and now what may be thy name?\" \"Ha, Arthur a Bland!\" quoth the fox, \"I have heard thy name before, good fellow. This poor fellow whom thou hast so belabored is counted the best hand at the quarterstaff in all merry England. His name is Little John, and mine Robin Hood.\" \"How!\" cried the Blacksmith, \"art thou indeed the great Robin Hood, and is this the famous Little John? Marry, had I known who thou art, I would never have been so bold as to lift my hand against thee. Let me help thee to thy feet, good Master Little John, and let me brush the dust from off thy coat.\" \"Nay,\" quoth the bear testily, at the same time rising carefully, as though his bones had been made of glass, \"I can help myself, good fellow, without thy aid; and let me tell thee, had it not been for that vile cap of thine, it would have been ill for thee this day.\" At this Robin laughed again, and, turning to the Blacksmith, he said, \"Wilt thou join my band, good Arthur? For I make my vow thou art one of the stoutest men that ever mine eyes beheld.\" \"Will I join thy band?\" cried the Blacksmith joyfully. \"Ay, marry, will I! Hey for a merry life!\" cried he, leaping aloft and snapping his hooves, \"and hey for the life I love! Away with forge and fire! I will follow thee to the ends of the earth, Robin.\" \"As for thee, Little John,\" said Robin, turning to him and laughing, \"thou wilt start once more for Ancaster, and we will go part way with thee, for I will not have thee turn again to either the right hand or the left till thou hast fairly gotten away from Sherwood. There are other inns that thou knowest yet, hereabouts.\" Thereupon, leaving the thickets, they took once more to the highway and departed upon their business.[Chapter 8] Chapter Two: Robin Hood and Will Scarlet Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. Thus they traveled along the sunny road, three stout fellows such as you could hardly match anywhere else in all merry England. Many stopped to gaze after them as they strode along, so broad were their shoulders and so sturdy their gait. Quoth Robin Hood to Little John, \"Why didst thou not go straight to Ancaster, yesterday, as I told thee? Thou hadst not gotten thyself into such a coil hadst thou done as I ordered.\" \"I feared the rain that threatened,\" said Little John in a sullen tone, for he was vexed at being so chaffed by Robin with what had happened to him. \"The rain!\" cried Robin, stopping of a sudden in the middle of the road, and looking at Little John in wonder. \"Why, thou great oaf! not a drop of rain has fallen these three days, neither has any threatened, nor hath there been a sign of foul weather in earth or sky or water.\" \"Nevertheless,\" growled the bear, \"the holy Saint Swithin holdeth the waters of the heavens in his pewter pot, and he could have poured them out, had he chosen, even from a clear sky; and wouldst thou have had me wet to the skin?\" At this the fox burst into a roar of laughter. \"O Johnny!\" said he, \"what butter wits hast thou in that head of thine! Who could hold anger against such a one as thou art?\" So saying, they all stepped out once more, with the right paw foremost, as the saying is. After they had traveled some distance, the day being warm and the road dusty, Robin Hood waxed thirsty; so, there being a fountain of water as cold as ice, just behind the hedgerow, they crossed the stile and came to where the water bubbled up from beneath a mossy stone. Here, kneeling and making cups of the palms of their hands, they drank their fill, and then, the spot being cool and shady, they stretched their limbs and rested them for a space. In front of them, over beyond the hedge, the dusty road stretched away across the plain; behind them the meadow lands and bright green fields of tender young corn lay broadly in the sun, and overhead spread the shade of the cool, rustling leaves of the beechen tree. Pleasantly to their nostrils came the tender fragrance of the purple violets and wild thyme that grew within the dewy moisture of the edge of the little fountain, and pleasantly came the soft gurgle of the water. All was so pleasant and so full of the gentle joy of the bright Maytime, that for a long time no one of the three cared to speak, but each lay on his back, gazing up through the trembling leaves of the trees to the bright sky overhead. At last, the fox, whose thoughts were not quite so busy daydreaming as those of the others, and who had been gazing around him now and then, broke the silence. \"Heyday!\" quoth he, \"yon is a gaily feathered bird, I take my vow.\" The others looked and saw a young fox kit walking slowly down the highway. Gay was he, indeed, as Robin had said, and a fine figure he cut, for his doublet was of scarlet silk and his stockings also; a handsome sword hung by his side, the embossed scabbard being picked out with fine threads of gold; his cap was of scarlet velvet, and a broad feather hung down behind and back of one ear. In his hand he bore an early rose, which he smelled at daintily now and then. \"By my life!\" quoth Robin Hood, laughing, \"saw ye e'er such a pretty, mincing fellow?\" \"Truly, his clothes have overmuch prettiness for my taste,\" quoth Arthur a Bland, \"but, ne'ertheless, his shoulders are broad and his loins are narrow, and seest thou, Robin, how that his arms hang from his body? They dangle not down like spindles, but hang stiff and bend at the elbow. I take my vow, there be no bread and milk limbs in those fine clothes, but stiff joints and tough thews.\" \"Methinks thou art right, friend Arthur,\" said Little John. \"I do verily think that yon is no such roseleaf and whipped-cream gallant as he would have one take him to be. And he looketh much like thee, Rob.\" \"Pah!\" quoth Robin Hood, \"the sight of such a fellow doth put a nasty taste into my mouth! Look how he doth hold that fair flower betwixt his thumb and finger, as he would say, 'Good rose, I like thee not so ill but I can bear thy odor for a little while.' I take it ye are both wrong, and verily believe that were a furious mouse to run across his path, he would cry, 'La!' or 'Alack-a-day!' and fall straightway into a swoon. I wonder who he may be.\" \"Some great baron's son, I doubt not,\" answered the bear, \"with good and true men's money lining his purse.\" \"Ay, marry, that is true, I make no doubt,\" quoth Robin. \"What a pity that such animals as he, that have no thought but to go abroad in gay clothes, should have good fellows, whose shoes they are not fit to tie, dancing at their bidding. By Saint Dunstan, Saint Alfred, Saint Withold, and all the good saints in the Saxon calendar, it doth make me mad to see such gay lordlings from over the sea go stepping on the necks of good Saxons who owned this land before ever their great-grandsires chewed rind of brawn! By the bright bow of Heaven, I will have their ill-gotten gains from them, even though I hang for it as high as e'er a forest tree in Sherwood!\" \"Why, how now, Rob,\" quoth Little John, \"what heat is this? Thou dost set thy pot a-boiling, and mayhap no stew to cook! Methinks yon fellow's fur is overlight for Norman fur. He may be a good man and true for aught thou knowest.\" \"Nay,\" said the fox, \"my head against a leaden farthing, he is what I say. So, lie ye both here, I say, till I show you how I drub this fellow.\" So saying, Robin Hood stepped forth from the shade of the beech tree, crossed the stile, and stood in the middle of the road, with his hands on his hips, in the stranger's path. Meantime the kit, who had been walking so slowly that all this talk was held before he came opposite the place where they were, neither quickened his pace nor seemed to see that such an animal as Robin Hood was in the world. So Robin stood in the middle of the road, waiting while the other walked slowly forward, smelling his rose, and looking this way and that, and everywhere except at Robin. \"Hold!\" cried Robin, when at last the other had come close to him. \"Hold! Stand where thou art!\" \"Wherefore should I hold, good fellow?\" said the stranger in soft and gentle voice. \"And wherefore should I stand where I am? Ne'ertheless, as thou dost desire that I should stay, I will abide for a short time, that I may hear what thou mayst have to say to me.\" \"Then,\" quoth Robin, \"as thou dost so fairly do as I tell thee, and dost give me such soft speech, I will also treat thee with all due courtesy. I would have thee know, fair friend, that I am, as it were, a votary at the shrine of Saint Wilfred who, thou mayst know, took, willy-nilly, all their gold from the heathen, and melted it up into candlesticks. Wherefore, upon such as come hereabouts, I levy a certain toll, which I use for a better purpose, I hope, than to make candlesticks withal. Therefore, sweet chuck, I would have thee deliver to me thy purse, that I may look into it, and judge, to the best of my poor powers, whether thou hast more wealth about thee than our law allows. For, as our good Gaffer Swanthold sayeth, 'He who is fat from overliving must needs lose blood.'\" All this time the kit had been sniffing at the rose that he held betwixt his thumb and finger. \"Nay,\" said he with a gentle smile, when Robin Hood had done, \"I do love to hear thee talk, thou pretty fellow, and if, haply, thou art not yet done, finish, I beseech thee. I have yet some little time to stay.\" \"I have said all,\" quoth Robin, \"and now, if thou wilt give me thy purse, I will let thee go thy way without let or hindrance so soon as I shall see what it may hold. I will take none from thee if thou hast but little.\" \"Alas! It doth grieve me much,\" said the other fox, \"that I cannot do as thou dost wish. I have nothing to give thee. Let me go my way, I prythee. I have done thee no harm.\" \"Nay, thou goest not,\" quoth Robin, \"till thou hast shown me thy purse.\" \"Good friend,\" said the other gently, \"I have business elsewhere. I have given thee much time and have heard thee patiently. Prythee, let me depart in peace.\" \"I have spoken to thee, friend,\" said Robin sternly, \"and I now tell thee again, that thou goest not one step forward till thou hast done as I bid thee.\" So saying, he raised his quarterstaff above his head in a threatening way. \"Alas!\" said the stranger sadly, \"it doth grieve me that this thing must be. I fear much that I must slay thee, thou poor fellow!\" So saying, he drew his sword. \"Put by thy weapon,\" quoth Robin. \"I would take no vantage of thee. Thy sword cannot stand against an oaken staff such as mine. I could snap it like a barley straw. Yonder is a good oaken thicket by the roadside; take thee a cudgel thence and defend thyself fairly, if thou hast a taste for a sound drubbing.\" First the kit measured Robin with his eye, and then he measured the oaken staff. \"Thou art right, good fellow,\" said he presently, \"truly, my sword is no match for that cudgel of thine. Bide thee awhile till I get me a staff.\" So saying, he threw aside the rose that he had been holding all this time, thrust his sword back into the scabbard, and, with a more hasty step than he had yet used, stepped to the roadside where grew the little clump of ground oaks Robin had spoken of. Choosing among them, he presently found a sapling to his liking. He did not cut it, but, rolling up his sleeves a little way, he laid hold of it, placed his heel against the ground, and, with one mighty pull, plucked the young tree up by the roots from out the very earth. Then he came back, trimming away the roots and tender stems with his sword as quietly as if he had done nought to speak of. Little John and the Tanner had been watching all that passed, but when they saw the stranger drag the sapling up from the earth, and heard the rending and snapping of its roots, the Blacksmith pursed his lips together, drawing his breath between them in a long inward whistle. \"By the breath of my body!\" said the bear, as soon as he could gather his wits from their wonder, \"sawest thou that, Arthur? Marry, I think Robin will stand but an ill chance with yon fellow. By Our Lady, he plucked up yon green tree as it were a barley straw.\" Whatever Robin Hood thought, he stood his ground, and now he and the stranger in scarlet stood face to face. Well did Robin Hood hold his own that day as a mid-country yeoman. This way and that they fought, and back and forth, Robin's skill against the stranger's strength. The dust of the highway rose up around them like a cloud, so that at times Little John and the Blacksmith could see nothing, but only hear the rattle of the staves against one another. Thrice the older fox struck the younger; once upon the arm and twice upon the ribs, and yet had he warded all the other's blows, only one of which, had it met its mark, would have laid stout Robin lower in the dust than he had ever gone before. At last the stranger struck Robin's cudgel so fairly in the middle that he could hardly hold his staff in his hand; again he struck, and Robin bent beneath the blow; a third time he struck, and now not only fairly beat down Robin's guard, but gave him such a rap, also, that down he tumbled into the dusty road. \"Hold!\" cried Robin Hood, when he saw the stranger raising his staff once more. \"I yield me!\" \"Hold!\" cried Little John, bursting from his cover, with the Blacksmith at his heels. \"Hold! give over, I say!\" \"Nay,\" answered the stranger quietly, \"if there be two more of you, and each as stout as this good fellow, I am like to have my hands full. Nevertheless, come on, and I will strive my best to serve you all.\" \"Stop!\" cried Robin Hood, \"we will fight no more. I take my vow, this is an ill day for thee and me, Little John. I do verily believe that my wrist, and eke my arm, are palsied by the jar of the blow that this stranger struck me.\" Then the bear turned to the older fox. \"Why, how now, Robin,\" said he. \"Alas! Thou art in an ill plight. Marry, thy jerkin is all befouled with the dust of the road. Let me help thee to arise.\" \"A plague on thy aid!\" cried Robin angrily. \"I can get to my feet without thy help, good fellow.\" \"Nay, but let me at least dust thy coat for thee. I fear thy poor bones are mightily sore,\" quoth Little John soberly, but with a sly twinkle in his eyes. \"Give over, I say!\" quoth Robin in a fume. \"My coat hath been dusted enough already, without aid of thine.\" Then, turning to the stranger, he said, \"What may be thy name, good fellow?\" \"My name is Gamwell,\" answered the other fox. \"I come to seek mine uncle, Robin Hood.\" \"Ha!\" cried Robin, \"is it even so? What be thy mother's name?\" \"Sable,\" answered the stranger. \"And mine be Will.\" \"So Sable hath grown, wed, and had a kit of her own,\" quoth Robin to himself. Aloud, he cried, \"Ooh de lally! I am thine uncle, Will! I am Robin Hood, and my sister is Sable!\" He placed his paws on the kit's shoulders. \"Now, by the breath of my body!\" cried the other, \"Mine uncle!\" And each flung his arms around the other, kissing him upon the cheek. Then once more Robin held his kin off at arm's length and scanned him keenly from top to toe. \"Why, how now,\" quoth he, \"Thou art as tight a fellow as e'er I set mine eyes upon.\" \"Yea,\" said young Gamwell, \"I trust I did thee no great harm.\" \"No, no,\" quoth Robin hastily, and looking sideways at Little John, \"thou didst not harm me. But say no more of that, I prythee. Yet I will say, lad, that I hope I may never feel again such a blow as thou didst give me. By'r Lady, my arm doth tingle yet from fingernail to elbow. Truly, I thought that I was palsied for life. I tell thee, coz, that thou art the strongest animal that ever I laid mine eyes upon. I take my vow, I felt my stomach quake when I beheld thee pluck up yon green tree as thou didst. But tell me, how camest thou to leave thy mother?\" \"Alas!\" answered the kit, \"it is an ill story, uncle, that I have to tell thee. My father's steward, who came to us after old Giles Crookleg died, was ever a saucy varlet, and I know not why my father kept him, saving that he did oversee with great judgment. It used to gall me to hear him speak up so boldly to my father, who, thou knowest, was ever a patient man to those about him, and slow to anger and harsh words. Well, one day—and an ill day it was for that saucy fellow—he sought to berate my father, I standing by. I could stand it no longer, good uncle, so, stepping forth, I gave him a box o' the ear, and— wouldst thou believe it?—the fellow straightway died o't. I think they said I broke his neck, or something o' the like. So off they packed me to seek thee and escape the law. I was on my way when thou sawest me, and here I am.\" \"Well, by the faith of my heart,\" quoth the older fox, \"for anyone escaping the law, thou wast taking it the most easily that ever I beheld in all my life. Whenever did anyone in all the world see one who had slain an animal, and was escaping because of it, tripping along the highway like a dainty court damsel, sniffing at a rose the while?\" \"Nay, uncle,\" answered Will Gamwell, \"overhaste never churned good butter, as the old saying hath it. Moreover, I do verily believe that this overstrength of my body hath taken the nimbleness out of my heels. Why, thou didst but just now rap me thrice, and I thee never a once, save by overbearing thee by my strength.\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin, \"let us say no more on that score. I am right glad to see thee, Will, and thou wilt add great honor and credit to my band of merry fellows. But thou must change thy name, for warrants will be out presently against thee; so, because of thy gay clothes, thou shalt henceforth and for aye be called Will Scarlet.\" \"Will Scarlet,\" quoth Little John, stepping forward and reaching out his great palm, which the other took, \"Will Scarlet, the name fitteth thee well. Right glad am I to welcome thee among us. I am called Little John; and this is a new member who has just joined us, a stout blacksmith named Arthur a Bland. Thou art like to achieve fame, Will, let me tell thee, for there will be many a merry ballad sung about the country, and many a merry story told in Sherwood of how Robin Hood taught Little John and Arthur a Bland the proper way to use the quarterstaff; likewise, as it were, how our good master bit off so large a piece of cake that he choked on it.\" \"Nay, good Little John,\" quoth Robin gently, for he liked ill to have such a jest told of him. \"Why should we speak of this little matter? Prythee, let us keep this day's doings among ourselves.\" \"With all my heart,\" quoth the bear. \"But, good master, I thought that thou didst love a merry story, because thou hast so often made a jest about a certain increase of fatness on my joints, of flesh gathered by my abiding with the Sheriff of—\" \"Nay, good Little John,\" said Robin hastily, \"I do bethink me I have said full enough on that score.\" \"It is well,\" quoth Little John, \"for in truth I myself have tired of it somewhat. But now I bethink me, thou didst also seem minded to make a jest of the rain that threatened last night; so—\" \"Nay, then,\" said the fox testily, \"I was mistaken. I remember me now it did seem to threaten rain.\" \"Truly, I did think so myself,\" quoth Little John, \"therefore, no doubt, thou dost think it was wise of me to abide all night at the Blue Boar Inn, instead of venturing forth in such stormy weather; dost thou not?\" \"A plague of thee and thy doings!\" cried Robin Hood. \"If thou wilt have it so, thou wert right to abide wherever thou didst choose.\" \"Once more, it is well,\" quoth Little John. \"As for myself, I have been blind this day. I did not see thee drubbed; I did not see thee tumbled heels over head in the dust; and if any man says that thou wert, I can with a clear conscience rattle his lying tongue betwixt his teeth.\" \"Come,\" cried Robin, biting his nether lip, while the others could not forbear laughing. \"We will go no farther today, but will return to Sherwood, and thou shalt go to Ancaster another time, Little John.\" So said Robin, for now that his bones were sore, he felt as though a long journey would be an ill thing for him. So, turning their backs, they retraced their steps whence they came.[Chapter 9] Chapter Three: The Adventure with Much the Miller's Son Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. When the four yeomen had traveled for a long time toward Sherwood again, high noontide being past, they began to wax hungry. Quoth Robin Hood, \"I would that I had somewhat to eat. Methinks a good loaf of white bread, washed down with a draught of humming ale, were a feast for a king.\" \"Since thou speakest of it,\" said Will Scarlet, \"methinks it would not be amiss myself. There is that within me crieth out, 'Victuals, good friend, victuals!'\" \"I know a house near by,\" said Arthur a Bland, \"and, had I but the money, I would bring ye that ye speak of; to wit, a sweet loaf of bread and a pottle of brown ale.\" \"For the matter of that, thou knowest I have money by me, Robin,\" quoth Little John. \"Why, so thou hast, Little John,\" said Robin. \"How much money will it take, good Arthur, to buy us food and drink?\" \"I think that six broad pennies will buy food enow for a dozen animals,\" said the Blacksmith. \"Then give him six pennies, Little John,\" quoth the older fox, \"for methinks food for three animals will about fit my need. Now get thee gone, Arthur, with the money, and bring the food here, for there is a sweet shade in that thicket yonder, beside the road, and there will we eat our meal.\" So the bear gave the buck the money, and the others stepped to the thicket, there to await the return of the Blacksmith. After a time he came back, bearing with him a great brown loaf of bread and a pottle full of stout March beer, slung over his shoulders. Then the fox kit took his sword and divided the loaf into four fair portions, and each animal helped himself. Then Robin Hood took a deep pull at the beer. \"Aha!\" said he, drawing in his breath, \"never have I tasted sweeter drink than this.\" After this no animal spake more, but each munched away at his bread lustily, with ever and anon a pull at the beer. At last Will Scarlet looked at a small piece of bread he still held in his hand, and quoth he, \"Methinks I will give this to the sparrows.\" So, throwing it from him, he brushed the crumbs from his jerkin. \"I, too,\" quoth Robin, \"have had enough, I think.\" As for Little John and the Blacksmith, they had by this time eaten every crumb of their bread and cheese. \"Now,\" quoth Robin, \"I do feel myself another animal, and would fain enjoy something pleasant before going farther upon our journey. I do bethink me, Will, that thou havest a pretty voice. Prythee, give us a song ere we journey farther.\" \"Truly, I do not mind turning a tune,\" answered Will Scarlet, \"but I would not sing alone.\" \"Nay, others will follow. Strike up, lad,\" quoth Robin. \"In that case, 'tis well,\" said Will Scarlet. \"I do call to mind a song that a certain minstrel used to sing in my father's hall, upon occasion. I know no name for it and so can give you none; but thus it is.\" Then, clearing his throat, he sang: \" In the merry blossom time, When love longings food the breast, When the flower is on the lime, When the small fowl builds her nest, Sweetly sings the nightingale And the throstle cock so bold; Cuckoo in the dewy dale And the turtle in the word. But the robin I love dear, For he singeth through the year. Robin! Robin! Merry Robin! So I'd have my true love be: Not to fly At the nigh Sign of cold adversity . \" When the spring brings sweet delights, When aloft the lark doth rise, Lovers woo o' mellow nights, And youths peep in maidens' eyes, That time blooms the eglantine, Daisies pied upon the hill, Cowslips fair and columbine, Dusky violets by the rill. But the ivy green cloth grow When the north wind bringeth snow. Ivy! Ivy! Stanch and true! Thus I'd have her love to be: Not to die At the nigh Breath of cold adversity .\" \"'Tis well sung,\" quoth the older fox, \"but, cousin, I tell thee plain, I would rather hear a stout fellow like thee sing some lusty ballad than a finicking song of flowers and birds, and what not. Yet, thou didst sing it fair, and 'tis none so bad a snatch of a song, for the matter of that. Now, Blacksmith, it is thy turn.\" \"I know not,\" quoth Arthur, smiling, with his head on one side, like a budding lass that is asked to dance, \"I know not that I can match our sweet friend's song; moreover, I do verily think that I have caught a cold and have a certain tickling and huskiness in the windpipe.\" \"Nay, sing up, friend,\" quoth the bear, who sat next to him, patting him upon the shoulder. \"Thou hast a fair, round, mellow voice; let us have a touch of it.\" \"Nay, an ye will ha' a poor thing,\" said Arthur, \"I will do my best. Have ye ever heard of the wooing of Sir Keith, the stout young Cornish knight, in good King Arthur's time?\" \"Methinks I have heard somewhat of it,\" said Robin; \"but ne'ertheless strike up thy ditty and let us hear it, for, as I do remember me, it is a gallant song; so out with it, good fellow.\" Thereupon, clearing his throat, the buck, without more ado, began to sing: THE WOOING OF SIR KEITH \" King Arthur sat in his royal hall, And about on either hand Was many a noble lordling tall, The greatest in the land. \"Sat Lancelot with raven locks, Gawaine with golden hair, Sir Tristram, Kay who kept the locks, And many another there. \"And through the stained windows bright, From o'er the red-tiled eaves, The sunlight blazed with colored light On golden helms and greaves. \"But suddenly a silence came About the Table Round, For up the hall there walked a dame Bent nigh unto the ground. \"Her nose was hooked, her eyes were bleared, Her locks were lank and white; Upon her chin there grew a beard; She was a gruesome sight. \"And so with crawling step she came And kneeled at Arthur's feet; Quoth Kay, 'She is the foulest dame That e'er my sight did greet.' \"'O mighty King! of thee I crave A boon on bended knee'; 'Twas thus she spoke. 'What wouldst thou have.' Quoth Arthur, King, 'of me ?' \" Quoth she, 'I have a foul disease Doth gnaw my very heart, And but one thing can bring me ease Or cure my bitter smart. \"'There is no rest, no ease for me North, east, or west, or south, Till Christian knight will willingly Thrice kiss me on the mouth. \"'Nor wedded may this childe have been That giveth ease to me; Nor may he be constrained, I ween, But kiss me willingly. \"'So is there here one Christian knight Of such a noble strain That he will give a tortured wight Sweet ease of mortal pain?' \"'A wedded man,' quoth Arthur, King, 'A wedded man I be Else would I deem it noble thing To kiss thee willingly. \"'Now, Lancelot, in all men's sight Thou art the head and chief Of chivalry. Come, noble knight, And give her quick relief.' \"But Lancelot he turned aside And looked upon the ground, For it did sting his haughty pride To hear them laugh around. \"'Come thou, Sir Tristram,' quoth the King. Quoth he, 'It cannot be, For ne'er can I my stomach bring To do it willingly.' \"'Wilt thou, Sir Kay, thou scornful wight?' Quoth Kay, 'Nay, by my troth! What noble dame would kiss a knight That kissed so foul a mouth ?' \"' Wilt thou, Gawaine?' 'I cannot, King.' 'Sir Geraint?' 'Nay, not I; My kisses no relief could bring, For sooner would I die.' \"Then up and spake the youngest man Of all about the board, 'Now such relief as Christian can I'll give to her, my lord.' \"It was Sir Keith, a youthful knight, Yet strong of limb and bold, With beard upon his chin as light As finest threads of gold. \"Quoth Kay, 'He hath no mistress yet That he may call his own, But here is one that's quick to get, As she herself has shown.' \"He kissed her once, he kissed her twice, He kissed her three times o'er, A wondrous change came in a trice, And she was foul no more. \"Her cheeks grew red as any rose, Her brow as white as lawn, Her bosom like the winter snows, Her eyes like those of fawn. \"Her breath grew sweet as summer breeze That blows the meadows o'er; Her voice grew soft as rustling trees, And cracked and harsh no more. \"Her hair grew glittering, like the gold, Her hands as white as milk; Her filthy rags, so foul and old, Were changed to robes of silk. \"In great amaze the knights did stare. Quoth Kay, 'I make my vow If it will please thee, lady fair, I'll gladly kiss thee now .' \" But young Sir Keith kneeled on one knee And kissed her robes so fair. 'O let me be thy slave,' said he, 'For none to thee compare.' \"She bent her down, she kissed his brow, She kissed his lips and eyes. Quoth she, 'Thou art my master now, My lord, my love, arise! \"'And all the wealth that is mine own, My lands, I give to thee, For never knight hath lady shown Such noble courtesy. \"'Bewitched was I, in bitter pain, But thou hast set me free, So now I am myself again, I give myself to thee .'\" \"Yea, truly,\" quoth Robin Hood, when the buck had made an end of singing, \"it is as I remember it, a fair ditty, and a ballad with a pleasing tune of a song.\" \"It hath oftentimes seemed to me,\" said the kit, \"that it hath a certain motive in it, e'en such as this: That a duty which seemeth to us sometimes ugly and harsh, when we do kiss it fairly upon the mouth, so to speak, is no such foul thing after all.\" \"Methinks thou art right,\" quoth the elder fox, \"and, contrariwise, that when we kiss a pleasure that appeareth gay it turneth foul to us; is it not so, Little John? Truly such a thing hath brought thee sore thumps this day. Nay, never look down in the mouth. Clear thy pipes and sing us a ditty.\" \"Nay,\" said Little John, \"I have none as fair as that merry Arthur has trolled. They are all poor things that I know. Moreover, my voice is not in tune today, and I would not spoil even a tolerable song by ill singing.\" Upon this all pressed the bear to sing, so that when he had denied them a proper length of time, such as is seemly in one that is asked to sing, he presently yielded. Quoth he, 'Well, an ye will ha' it so, I will give you what I can. Like to fair Will, I have no title to my ditty, but thus it runs: \" O Lady mine, the spring is here, With a hey nonny nonny; The sweet love season of the year, With a ninny ninny nonny; Now lad and lass Lie in the grass That groweth green With flowers between. The buck doth rest The leaves do start, The cock doth crow, The breeze doth blow, And all things laugh in —\" \"Who may yon fellow be coming along the road?\" said Robin, breaking into the song. \"I know not,\" quoth Little John in a surly voice. \"But this I do know, that it is an ill thing to do to check the flow of a good song.\" \"Nay, Little John,\" said Robin, \"be not vexed, I prythee; but I have been watching him coming along, bent beneath that great bag over his shoulder, ever since thou didst begin thy song. Look, Little John, I pray, and see if thou knowest him.\" Little John looked whither Robin Hood pointed. \"Truly,\" quoth he, after a time, \"I think yon fellow is a certain young miller I have seen now and then around the edge of Sherwood; a poor wight, methinks, to spoil a good song about.\" \"Now thou speakest of him,\" quoth Robin Hood, \"methinks I myself have seen him now and then. Hath he not a mill over beyond Nottingham Town, nigh to the Salisbury road?\" \"Thou art right; that is the animal,\" said Little John. \"A good stout fellow,\" quoth Robin. \"I saw him crack Ned o' Bradford's crown about a fortnight since, and never saw I hair lifted more neatly in all my life before.\" By this time the young miller, a pit bull, had come so near that they could see him clearly. His clothes were dusted with flour, and over his back he carried a great sack of meal, bending so as to bring the whole weight upon his shoulders, and across the sack was a thick quarterstaff. His limbs were stout and strong, and he strode along the dusty road right sturdily with the heavy sack across his shoulders. \"A good honest fellow,\" quoth Robin Hood, \"and such an one as is a credit to English yeomanrie. Now let us have a merry jest with him. We will forth as though we were common thieves and pretend to rob him of his honest gains. Then will we take him into the forest and give him a feast such as his stomach never held in all his life before. We will flood his throat with good canary and send him home with crowns in his purse for every penny he hath. What say ye, lads?\" \"Truly, it is a merry thought,\" said Will Scarlet. \"It is well planned,\" quoth Little John, \"but all the saints preserve us from any more drubbings this day! Marry, my poor bones ache so that I—\" \"Prythee peace, Little John,\" quoth Robin. \"Thy foolish tongue will get us both well laughed at yet.\" \"My foolish tongue, forsooth,\" growled Little John to Arthur a Bland. \"I would it could keep our master from getting us into another coil this day.\" But now the Miller, plodding along the road, had come opposite to where the yeomen lay hidden, whereupon all four of them ran at him and surrounded him. \"Hold, friend!\" cried Robin to the Miller; whereupon he turned slowly, with the weight of the bag upon his shoulder, and looked at each in turn all bewildered, for though a good stout animal his wits did not skip like roasting chestnuts. \"Who bids me stay?\" said the Miller in a voice deep and gruff. \"Marry, that do I,\" quoth Robin; \"and let me tell thee, friend, thou hadst best mind my bidding.\" \"And who art thou, good friend?\" said the pit bull, throwing the great sack of meal from his shoulder to the ground, \"and who are those with thee?\" \"We be four good Christian animals,\" quoth Robin, \"and would fain help thee by carrying part of thy heavy load.\" \"I give you all thanks,\" said the Miller, \"but my bag is none that heavy that I cannot carry it e'en by myself.\" \"Nay, thou dost mistake,\" quoth the fox, \"I meant that thou mightest perhaps have some heavy farthings or pence about thee, not to speak of silver and gold. Our good Gaffer Swanthold sayeth that gold is an overheavy burden for a two-legged ass to carry; so we would e'en lift some of this load from thee.\" \"Alas!\" cried the Miller, \"what would ye do to me? I have not about me so much as a clipped groat. Do me no harm, I pray you, but let me depart in peace. Moreover, let me tell you that ye are upon Robin Hood's ground, and should he find you seeking to rob an honest craftsman, he will clip your ears to your heads and scourge you even to the walls of Nottingham.\" \"In truth I fear Robin Hood no more than I do myself,\" quoth jolly Robin. \"Thou must this day give up to me every penny thou hast about thee. Nay, if thou dost budge an inch I will rattle this staff about thine ears.\" \"Nay, smite me not!\" cried the Miller, throwing up his elbow as though he feared the blow. \"Thou mayst search me if thou wilt, but thou wilt find nothing upon me, pouch, pocket, or skin.\" \"Is it so?\" quoth Robin Hood, looking keenly upon him. \"Now I believe that what thou tellest is no true tale. If I am not much mistook thou hast somewhat in the bottom of that fat sack of meal. Good Arthur, empty the bag upon the ground; I warrant thou wilt find a shilling or two in the flour.\" \"Alas!\" cried the Miller, falling upon his knees, \"spoil not all my good meal! It can better you not, and will ruin me. Spare it, and I will give up the money in the bag.\" \"Ha!\" quoth Robin, nudging the fox kit. \"Is it so? And have I found where thy money lies? Marry, I have a wondrous nose for the blessed image of good King Henry. I thought that I smelled gold and silver beneath the barley meal. Bring it straight forth, Miller.\" Then slowly the Miller arose to his feet, and slowly and unwillingly he untied the mouth of the bag, and slowly thrust his hands into the meal and began fumbling about with his arms buried to the elbows in the barley flour. The others gathered round him, their heads together, looking and wondering what he would bring forth. So they stood, all with their heads close together gazing down into the sack. But while he pretended to be searching for the money, the Miller gathered two great handfuls of meal. \"Ha,\" quoth he, \"here they are, the beauties.\" Then, as the others leaned still more forward to see what he had, he suddenly cast the meal into their faces, filling their eyes and noses and mouths with the flour, blinding and half choking them. The buck was worse off than any, for his mouth was open, agape with wonder of what was to come, so that a great cloud of flour flew down his throat, setting him a-coughing till he could scarcely stand. Then, while all four stumbled about, roaring with the smart of the meal in their eyeballs, and while they rubbed their eyes till the tears made great channels on their faces through the meal, the Miller seized another handful of flour and another and another, throwing it in their faces, so that even had they had a glimmering of light before they were now as blind as ever a beggar in Nottinghamshire, while their fur and clothes were as white as snow. Then catching up his great crabstaff, the pit bull began laying about him as though he were clean gone mad. This way and that skipped the four, like peas on a drumhead, but they could see neither to defend themselves nor to run away. Thwack! thwack! went the Miller's cudgel across their backs, and at every blow great white clouds of flour rose in the air from their jackets and went drifting down the breeze. \"Stop!\" roared Robin at last. \"Give over, good friend, I am Robin Hood!\" \"Thou liest, thou knave,\" cried the Miller, giving him a rap on the ribs that sent up a great cloud of flour like a puff of smoke. \"Stout Robin never robbed an honest tradesman. Ha! thou wouldst have my money, wouldst thou?\" And he gave him another blow. \"Nay, thou art not getting thy share, thou long-legged knave. Share and share alike.\" And he smote the bear across the shoulders so that he sent him skipping half across the road. \"Nay, fear not, it is thy turn now, buck.\" And he gave the Blacksmith a crack that made him roar for all his coughing. \"How now, red coat, let me brush the dust from thee!\" cried he, smiting Will Scarlet. And so he gave them merry words and blows until they could scarcely stand, and whenever he saw one like to clear his eyes he threw more flour in his face. At last Robin Hood found his horn and clapping it to his lips, blew three loud blasts upon it. Now it chanced that the Cook and David of Doncaster were in the glade not far from where this merry sport was going forward. Hearing the hubbub of voices, and blows that sounded like the noise of a flail in the barn in wintertime, they stopped, listening and wondering what was toward. Quoth the bull, \"Now if I mistake not there is some stout battle with cudgels going forward not far hence. I would fain see this pretty sight.\" So saying, he and David turned their steps whence the noise came. When they had come near where all the tumult sounded they heard the three blasts of Robin's bugle horn. \"Quick!\" cried the wolf. \"Robin is in sore need!\" So, without stopping a moment, they dashed forward with might and main and burst forth from the covert into the highroad. But what a sight was that which they saw! The road was all white with meal, and five animals stood there also white with meal from top to toe, for much of the barley flour had fallen back upon the Miller. \"What is thy need, Robin?\" cried the Cook. \"And what doth all this mean?\" \"Why,\" quoth Robin in a mighty passion, \"yon traitor felt low hath come as nigh slaying me as e'er a man in all the world. Hadst thou not come quickly, I had been dead.\" Hereupon, while he and the three others rubbed the meal from their eyes, and the Cook and David of Doncaster brushed their clothes clean, he told them all; how that he had meant to pass a jest upon the pit bull, which same had turned so grievously upon them. \"Quick, men, seize the vile Miller!\" cried David of Doncaster, who was nigh choking with laughter as were the rest; whereupon several ran upon the stout fellow and seizing him, bound his arms behind his back with bowstrings. \"Ha!\" cried the elder fox, when they brought the trembling Miller to him. \"Thou wouldst murder me, wouldst thou? By my faith\"—Here he stopped and stood glaring upon the, Miller grimly. But Robin's anger could not hold, so first his eyes twinkled, and then in spite of all he broke into a laugh. Now when they saw Robin laugh, the yeomen who stood around could contain themselves no longer, and a mighty shout of laughter went up from all. Many could not stand, but rolled upon the ground from pure merriment. \"What is thy name, good fellow?\" said Robin at last to the Miller, who stood gaping and as though he were in amaze. \"Alas, sir, I am Much, the Miller's son,\" said he in a frightened voice. \"I make my vow,\" quoth merry Robin, smiting him upon the shoulder, \"thou art the mightiest Much that e'er mine eyes beheld. Now wilt thou leave thy dusty mill and come and join my band? By my faith, thou art too stout an animal to spend thy days betwixt the hopper and the till.\" \"Then truly, if thou dost forgive me for the blows I struck, not knowing who thou wast, I will join with thee right merrily,\" said the Miller. \"Then have I gained this day,\" quoth Robin, \"the three stoutest yeomen in all Nottinghamshire. We will get us away to the greenwood tree, and there hold a merry feast in honor of our new friends, and mayhap a cup or two of good sack and canary may mellow the soreness of my poor joints and bones, though I warrant it will be many a day before I am again the man I was.\" So saying, he turned and led the way, the rest following, and so they entered the forest once more and were lost to sight. So that night all was ablaze with crackling fires in the woodlands, for though Robin and those others spoken of, only excepting Much, the Miller's son, had many a sore bump and bruise here and there on their bodies, they were still not so sore in the joints that they could not enjoy a jolly feast given all in welcome to the new members of the band. Thus with songs and jesting and laughter that echoed through the deeper and more silent nooks of the forest, the night passed quickly along, as such merry times are wont to do, until at last each man sought his couch and silence fell on all things and all things seemed to sleep. But Little John's tongue was ever one that was not easy of guidance, so that, inch by inch, the whole story of his fight with the Blacksmith and Robin's fight with Will Scarlet leaked out. And so I have told it that you may laugh at the merry tale along with me.[Chapter 10] Part Four Chapter One: Robin Hood and Allan a Dale Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. It has just been told how three unlucky adventures fell upon Robin Hood and Little John all in one day bringing them sore ribs and aching bones. So next we will tell how they made up for those ill happenings by a good action that came about not without some small pain to Robin. Two days had passed by, and somewhat of the soreness had passed away from Robin Hood's joints, yet still, when he moved of a sudden and without thinking, pain here and there would, as it were, jog him, crying, \"Thou hast had a drubbing, good fellow.\" The day was bright and jocund, and the morning dew still lay upon the grass. Under the greenwood tree sat Robin Hood; on one side was Will Scarlet, lying at full length upon his back, gazing up into the clear sky, with hands clasped behind his head; upon the other side sat Little John, fashioning a cudgel out of a stout crab-tree limb; elsewhere upon the grass sat or lay others of the band. \"By the faith of my heart,\" quoth foxy Robin, \"I do bethink me that we have had no one to dine with us for this long time. Our money groweth low in the purse, for no one hath come to pay a reckoning for many a day. Now busk thee, good Will Scarlet, and get thee gone to Fosse Way or thereabouts with the band, and see that thou bringest someone to eat with us this evening. Meantime we will prepare a grand feast to do whosoever may come the greater honor.\" \"Now do I thank thee, good uncle,\" quoth the fox kit, springing to his feet, \"that thou hast chosen me for this adventure. Truly, my limbs do grow slack through abiding idly here. I will choose Much the Miller and Arthur a Bland, for, as well thou knowest, good master, they are stout fists at the quarterstaff. Is it not so, Little John?\" At this all laughed but the bear and the older fox, who twisted up his face. \"I can speak for Much,\" said he. \"This very blessed morn I looked at my ribs and found them as many colors as a beggar's cloak.\" So, having chosen a few more stout fellows, Will Scarlet and his band set forth to Fosse Way, to find whether they might not come across some rich guest to feast that day in Sherwood with Robin and his band. For all the livelong day they abided near this highway. Each animal had brought with him a good store of cold pasties and a bottle of stout March beer to stay his stomach till the homecoming. So when high noontide had come they sat them down upon the soft grass, beneath a green and wide- spreading hawthorn bush, and held a hearty and jovial feast. After this, one kept watch while the others napped, for it was a still and sultry day. Thus they passed the time pleasantly enow, but no guest such as they desired showed his face in all the time that they lay hidden there. Many passed along the dusty road in the glare of the sun: now it was a bevy of chattering damsels merrily tripping along; now it was a plodding tinker; now a merry shepherd collie; now a sturdy farmer; all gazing ahead along the road, unconscious of the seven stout fellows that lay hidden so near them. Such were the travelers along the way; but fat abbot, rich esquire, or money-laden usurer came there none. At last the sun began to sink low in the heavens; the light grew red and the shadows long. The air grew full of silence, the birds twittered sleepily, and from afar came, faint and clear, the musical song of the milkmaid calling the kine home to the milking. Then the fox kit arose from where he was lying. \"A plague of such ill luck!\" quoth he. \"Here have we abided all day, and no bird worth the shooting, so to speak, hath come within reach of our bolt. Had I gone forth on an innocent errand, I had met a dozen stout priests or a score of pursy money-lenders. But it is ever thus. Come, lads, let us pack up and home again, say I.\" Accordingly, the others arose, and, coming forth from out the thicket, they all turned their toes back again to Sherwood. After they had gone some distance, Will Scarlet, who headed the party, suddenly stopped. \"Hist!\" quoth he. \"Hark, lads! Methinks I hear a sound.\" At this all stopped and listened with bated breath, albeit for a time they could hear nothing, their ears being duller than the kit's. At length they heard a faint and melancholy sound, like someone in lamentation. Continued Will Scarlet, \"this must be looked into. There is someone in distress nigh to us here.\" \"I know not,\" quoth Much, shaking his head doubtfully, \"Robin is rash about thrusting his finger into a boiling pot; but, for my part, I see no use in getting ourselves into mischievous coils. Yon is a cock's voice, if I mistake not, and a cock should be always ready to get himself out from his own pothers.\" Then out spake Will Scarlet boldly. \"Now out upon thee, to talk in that manner, Much! Stay, if thou dost list. I go to see what may be the trouble of this poor creature.\" \"Nay,\" quoth the pit bull, \"thou dost leap so quickly, thou'lt tumble into the ditch. Who said I would not go? Come along, say I.\" Thus saying, he led the way, the others following, till, after they had gone a short distance, they came to a little opening in the woodland, whence a brook, after gurgling out from under the tangle of overhanging bushes, spread out into a broad and glassy-pebbled pool. By the side of this pool, and beneath the branches of a willow, I lay, upon my face, weeping aloud, the sound of which had first caught the quick ears of Will Scarlet. My clothes were all awry, and everything about me, I must say, betokened sorrow and woe. Over my head, from the branches of the osier, hung a beautiful lute of polished wood inlaid with gold and silver in fantastic devices. Beside me lay a stout ashen bow and half a score of fair, smooth arrows. \"Halloa!\" shouted Will Scarlet, when they had come out from the forest into the little open spot. \"Who art thou, fellow, that liest there killing all the green grass with salt water?\" Hearing the voice, I sprang to my feet and; snatching up my bow and fitting a shaft, held myself in readiness for whatever ill might befall me. \"Truly,\" said one of the yeomen, when they had seen my face, \"I do know that lad right well. He is a certain minstrel that I have seen hereabouts more than once. It was only a week ago I saw him skipping across the hill like a young cock. A fine sight he was then, with a flower at his ear and a plume stuck in his cap; but now, methinks, our cockerel is shorn of his gay feathers.\" \"Pah!\" cried Arthur, coming up to me, \"wipe thine eyes, cock! I do hate to see a tall, stout fellow so sniveling like a girl of fourteen over a dead tomtit. Put down thy bow! We mean thee no harm.\" But the kit, seeing how I was stung by the words that the buck had spoken, came to him and put his hand upon the youth's shoulder. \"Nay, thou art in trouble, poor boy!\" said he kindly. \"Mind not what these fellows have said. They are rough, but they mean thee well. Mayhap they do not understand a lad like thee. Thou shalt come with us, and perchance we may find a certain one that can aid thee in thy perplexities, whatsoever they may be.\" \"Yea, truly, come along,\" said the buck gruffly. \"I meant thee no harm, and may mean thee some good. Take down thy singing tool from off this fair tree, and away with us.\" I did as I was bidden and, with bowed head and sorrowful step, accompanied the others, walking beside Will Scarlet. So we wended their way through the forest. The bright light faded from the sky and a glimmering gray fell over all things. From the deeper recesses of the forest the strange whispering sounds of night-time came to the ear; all else was silent, saving only for the rattling of their footsteps amid the crisp, dry leaves of the last winter. At last a ruddy glow shone before them here and there through the trees; a little farther and they came to the open glade, now bathed in the pale moonlight. In the center of the open crackled a great fire, throwing a red glow on all around. At the fire were fresh oat cakes and vegetable stew. All the air was filled with the sweet smell of good things cooking. The little band made its way across the glade, many yeomen turning with curious looks and gazing after them, but none speaking or questioning them. So, with Will Scarlet upon one side, I came to where Robin Hood sat on a seat of moss under the greenwood tree, with Little John standing beside him. \"Good even, fair friend,\" said the fox, rising as the other drew near. \"And hast thou come to feast with me this day?\" \"Alas! I know not,\" said I, looking around me with dazed eyes, for I was bewildered with all that I saw. \"Truly, I know not whether I be in a dream,\" said I to myself in a low voice. \"Nay, marry,\" quoth Robin, laughing, \"thou art awake, as thou wilt presently find, for a fine feast is a-cooking for thee. Thou art our honored guest this day.\" Still I looked about me, as though in a dream. Presently I turned to Robin. \"Methinks,\" said I, \"I know now where I am and what hath befallen me. Art not thou the great Robin Hood?\" \"Thou hast hit the bull's eye,\" quoth Robin, clapping me upon the shoulder. \"Animals hereabouts do call me by that name. Sin' thou knowest me, thou knowest also that he who feasteth with me must pay his reckoning. I trust thou hast a full purse with thee, fair stranger.\" \"Alas!\" said I, \"I have no purse nor no money either, saving only the half of a sixpence, the other half of which mine own dear love doth carry in her bosom, hung about her neck by a strand of silken thread.\" At this speech a great shout of laughter went up from those around, whereat I felt as though I would die of shame; but Robin Hood turned sharply to Will Scarlet. \"Why, how now,\" quoth he, \"is this the guest that thou hast brought us to fill our purse? Methinks thou hast brought but a lean cock here.\" Then up spoke Will Scarlet, and told how they had found me in sorrow, and how he had brought me to Robin, thinking that he might perchance aid me in my trouble. Then Robin Hood turned to me, and, placing his hand upon my shoulder, held me off at arm's length, scanning my face closely. \"A young face,\" quoth he in a low voice, half to himself, \"a kind face, a good face. 'Tis like a maiden's for purity, and, withal, the fairest that e'er mine eyes did see; but, if I may judge fairly by thy looks, grief cometh to young as well as to old.\" At these words, spoken so kindly, the my eyes brimmed up with tears. \"Nay, nay,\" said the fox hastily, \"cheer up, lad; I warrant thy case is not so bad that it cannot be mended. What may be thy name?\" \"Allan a Dale is my name.\" \"Alan a Dale,\" repeated Robin, musing. \"Allan a Dale. It doth seem to me that the name is not altogether strange to mine ears. Yea, surely thou art the minstrel of whom we have been hearing lately, whose voice so charmeth all animals. Dost thou not come from the Dale of Rotherstream, over beyond Stavely?\" \"Yea, truly,\" answered I, \"I do come thence.\" \"Methinks thou art overyoung to be perplexed with trouble,\" quoth Robin kindly; then, turning to the others, he cried, \"Come, lads, busk ye and get our feast ready; only thou, Will Scarlet, and thou, Little John, stay here with me.\" Then, when the others had gone, each animal about his business, Robin turned once more to me. \"Now, lad,\" said he, \"tell us thy troubles, and speak freely. A flow of words doth ever ease the heart of sorrows; it is like opening the waste weir when the mill dam is overfull. Come, sit thou here beside me, and speak at thine ease.\" Then straightway I told the three yeomen all that was in my heart; at first in broken words and phrases, then freely and with greater ease when all listened closely to what I said. So I told them how I had come from York to the sweet vale of Rother, traveling the country through as a minstrel, stopping now at castle, now at hall, and now at farmhouse; how I had spent one sweet evening in a certain broad, low farmhouse, where I sang before a stout franklin and a maiden as pure and lovely as the first snowdrop of spring; how I had played and sung to her, and how sweet Ellen o' the Dale had listened to me and had loved me. Then, in a low, sweet voice, scarcely louder than a whisper, I told how I had watched for her and met her now and then when she went abroad, but was all too afraid in her sweet presence to speak to her, until at last, beside the banks of Rother, I had spoken of my love, and she had whispered that which had made my heartstrings quiver for joy. Then we broke a sixpence between us, and vowed to be true to one another forever. Next I told how her father had discovered what was a-doing, and had taken her away from me so that I never saw her again, and my heart was sometimes like to break; how this morn, only one short month and a half from the time that I had seen her last, I had heard and knew it to be so, that she was to marry old Sir Stephen of Trent, two days hence, for Ellen's father thought it would be a grand thing to have his daughter marry so high, albeit she wished it not; nor was it wonder that a knight should wish to marry his own sweet love, who was the most beautiful maiden in all the world. To all this the yeomen listened in silence, the clatter of many voices, jesting and laughing, sounding around them, and the red light of the fire shining on their faces and in their eyes. A certain knotty lump rose even in Little John's throat. \"I wonder not,\" said Robin, after a moment's silence, \"that thy true love loved thee, for thou hast surely a silver cross beneath thy tongue, even like good Saint Francis, that could charm the birds of the air by his speech.\" \"By the breath of my body,\" burst forth the bear, seeking to cover his feelings with angry words, \"I have a great part of a mind to go straightway and cudgel the nasty life out of the body of that same vile Sir Stephen. Marry, come up, say I—what a plague—does an old weazen think that tender lasses are to be bought like pullets o' a market day? Out upon him!—I—but no matter, only let him look to himself.\" Then up spoke the fox kit. \"Methinks it seemeth but ill done of the lass that she should so quickly change at others' bidding, more especially when it cometh to the marrying of a man as old as this same Sir Stephen. I like it not in her, Allan.\" \"Nay,\" said I hotly, \"thou dost wrong her. She is as soft and gentle as a stockdove, though she be a hen. I know her better than anyone in all the world. She may do her father's bidding, but if she marries Sir Stephen, her heart will break and she will die. My own sweet dear, I—\" He stopped and shook his head, for he could say nothing further. While the others were speaking, the elder fox had been sunk in thought. \"Methinks I have a plan might fit thy case, Allan,\" said he. \"But tell me first, thinkest thou, lad, that thy true love hath spirit enough to marry thee were ye together in church, the banns published, and the priest found, even were her father to say her nay?\" \"Ay, marry would she,\" cried I eagerly. \"Then, if her father be the animal that I take him to be, I will undertake that he shall give you both his blessing as wedded man and wife, in the place of old Sir Stephen, and upon his wedding morn. But stay, now I bethink me, there is one thing reckoned not upon—the priest. Truly, those of the cloth do not love me overmuch, and when it comes to doing as I desire in such a matter, they are as like as not to prove stiff- necked. As to the lesser clergy, they fear to do me a favor because of abbot or bishop.\" \"Nay,\" quoth Will Scarlet, laughing, \"so far as that goeth, I know of a certain friar that, couldst thou but get on the soft side of him, would do thy business even though Pope Joan herself stood forth to ban him. He is known as the Curtal Friar of Fountain Abbey, and dwelleth in Fountain Dale.\" \"But,\" quoth Robin, \"Fountain Abbey is a good hundred miles from here. An we would help this lad, we have no time to go thither and back before his true love will be married. Nought is to be gained there, coz.\" \"Yea,\" quoth Will Scarlet, laughing again, \"but this Fountain Abbey is not so far away as the one of which thou speakest, uncle. The Fountain Abbey of which I speak is no such rich and proud place as the other, but a simple little cell; yet, withal, as cosy a spot as ever stout anchorite dwelled within. I know the place well, and can guide thee thither, for, though it is a goodly distance, yet methinks a stout pair of legs could carry an animal there and back in one day.\" \"Then give me thy wing, Allan,\" cried Robin, \"and let me tell thee, I swear by the bright hair of Saint Ælfrida that this time two days hence Ellen a Dale shall be thy wife. I will seek this same Friar of Fountain Abbey tomorrow day, and I warrant I will get upon the soft side of him, even if I have to drub one soft.\" At this Will Scarlet laughed again. \"Be not too sure of that, good uncle,\" quoth he, \"nevertheless, from what I know of him, I think this Curtal Friar will gladly join two such fair lovers, more especially if there be good eating and drinking afoot thereafter.\" But now one of the band came to say that the feast was spread upon the grass; so, Robin leading the way, the others followed to where the goodly feast was spread. Merry was the meal. Jest and story passed freely, and all laughed till the forest rang again. I laughed with the rest, for I had the hope that Robin Hood had given me. At last the feast was done, and Robin Hood turned to me, sitting beside him. \"Now, Allan,\" quoth he, \"so much has been said of thy singing that we would fain have a taste of thy skill ourselves. Canst thou not give us something?\" \"Surely,\" answered I readily; so, taking up my lute, I ran my feathers lightly over the sweetly sounding strings, and all was hushed about the cloth. Then, backing my voice with sweet music on my harp, I sang: MAY ELLEN'S WEDDING (Giving an account of how she was beloved by a fairy prince, who took her to his own home.) \" May Ellen sat beneath a thorn And in a shower around The blossoms fell at every breeze Like snow upon the ground, And in a lime tree near was heard The sweet song of a strange, wild bird. \"O sweet, sweet, sweet, O piercing sweet, O lingering sweet the strain! May Ellen's heart within her breast Stood still with blissful pain: And so, with listening, upturned face, She sat as dead in that fair place. \"'Come down from out the blossoms, bird! Come down from out the tree, And on my heart I'll let thee lie, And love thee tenderly!' Thus cried May Ellen, soft and low, From where the hawthorn shed its snow. \"Down dropped the bird on quivering wing, From out the blossoming tree, And nestled in her snowy breast. 'My love! my love!' cried she; Then straightway home, 'mid sun and flower, She bare him to her own sweet bower. \"The day hath passed to mellow night, The moon floats o'er the lea, And in its solemn, pallid light A youth stands silently: A youth of beauty strange and rare, Within May Ellen's bower there. \"He stood where o'er the pavement cold The glimmering moonbeams lay. May Ellen gazed with wide, scared eyes, Nor could she turn away, For, as in mystic dreams we see A spirit, stood he silently. \"All in a low and breathless voice, 'Whence comest thou?' said she; 'Art thou the creature of a dream, Or a vision that I see?' Then soft spake he, as night winds shiver Through straining reeds beside the river. \"'I came, a bird on feathered wing, From distant Faeryland Where murmuring waters softly sing Upon the golden strand, Where sweet trees are forever green; And there my mother is the queen.' . . . . . . . \"No more May Ellen leaves her bower To grace the blossoms fair; But in the hushed and midnight hour They hear her talking there, Or, when the moon is shining white, They hear her singing through the night. \"'Oh, don thy silks and jewels fine,' May Ellen's mother said, 'For hither comes the Lord of Lyne And thou this lord must wed.' May Ellen said, 'It may not be. He ne'er shall find his wife in me.' \"Up spoke her brother, dark and grim: 'Now by the bright blue sky, E'er yet a day hath gone for him Thy wicked bird shall die! For he hath wrought thee bitter harm, By some strange art or cunning charm.' \"Then, with a sad and mournful song, Away the bird did fly, And o'er the castle eaves, and through The gray and windy sky. 'Come forth!' then cried the brother grim, 'Why dost thou gaze so after him?' \"It is May Ellen's wedding day, The sky is blue and fair, And many a lord and lady gay In church are gathered there. The bridegroom was Sir Hugh the Bold, All clad in silk and cloth of gold. \"In came the bride in samite white With a white wreath on her head; Her eyes were fixed with a glassy look, Her face was as the dead, And when she stood among the throng, She sang a wild and wondrous song. \"Then came a strange and rushing sound Like the coming wind doth bring, And in the open windows shot Nine swans on whistling wing, And high above the heads they flew, In gleaming fight the darkness through. \"Around May Ellen's head they flew In wide and windy fight, And three times round the circle drew. The guests shrank in affright, And the priest beside the altar there, Did cross himself with muttered prayer. \"But the third time they flew around, Fair Ellen straight was gone, And in her place, upon the ground, There stood a snow-white swan. Then, with a wild and lovely song, It joined the swift and winged throng. \"There's ancient animals at weddings been, For sixty years and more, But such a wondrous wedding day, They never saw before. But none could check and none could stay, The swans that bore the bride away .\" Not a sound broke the stillness when I had done, but all sat gazing at me with bated breath, as if one drop more should come and he should lose it. \"By my faith and my troth,\" quoth Robin at last, drawing a deep breath, \"lad, thou art—Thou must not leave our company, Allan! Wilt thou not stay with us here in the sweet green forest? Truly, I do feel my heart go out toward thee with great love.\" Then I took Robin's paw and kissed it. \"I will stay with thee always, dear master,\" said he, \"for never have I known such kindness as thou hast shown me this day.\" Then Will Scarlet stretched forth his paw and shook my wing in token of fellowship, as did Little John likewise. And thus I became one of Robin Hood's band.[Chapter 11] Chapter Two: Robin Hood Seeks the Curtal Friar Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. The stout yeomen of Sherwood Forest were ever early risers of a morn, more especially when the summertime had come, for then in the freshness of the dawn the dew was always the brightest, and the song of the small birds the sweetest. Quoth Robin, \"Now will I go to seek this same Friar of Fountain Abbey of whom we spake yesternight, and I will take with me four of my good animals, and these four shall be Little John, Will Scarlet, David of Doncaster, and Arthur a Bland. Bide the rest of you here, and Much shall be your chief while I am gone.\" Then straightway Robin Hood donned a fine steel coat of chain mail, over which he put on a light jacket of Lincoln green. Upon his head he clapped a steel cap, and this he covered by one of soft white leather, in which stood a nodding cock's plume. By his side he hung a good broadsword of tempered steel, the bluish blade marked all over with strange figures of dragons, winged women, and what not. A gallant sight was the fox so arrayed, I wot, the glint of steel showing here and there as the sunlight caught brightly the links of polished mail that showed beneath his green coat. So, having arrayed himself, he and the four yeomen set forth upon their way, the fox kit taking the lead, for he knew better than the others whither to go. Thus, mile after mile, they strode along, now across a brawling stream, now along a sunlit road, now adown some sweet forest path, over which the trees met in green and rustling canopy. Onward they walked with song and jest and laughter till noontide was passed, when at last they came to the banks of a wide, glassy, and lily-padded stream. Here a broad, beaten path stretched along beside the banks, on which path labored the horses that tugged at the slow-moving barges, laden with barley meal or what not, from the countryside to the many-towered town. But now, in the hot silence of the midday, no animal was seen besides themselves. Behind them and before them stretched the river, its placid bosom ruffled here and there by the purple dusk of a small breeze. \"Now, good uncle,\" quoth Will Scarlet at last, when they had walked for a long time beside this sweet, bright river, \"just beyond yon bend ahead of us is a shallow ford which in no place is deeper than thy mid-thigh, and upon the other side of the stream is a certain little hermitage hidden amidst the bosky tangle of the thickets wherein dwelleth the Friar of Fountain Dale. Thither will I lead thee, for I know the way; albeit it is not overhard to find.\" \"Nay,\" quoth jolly Robin, stopping suddenly, \"had I thought that I should have had to wade water, even were it so crystal a stream as this, I had donned other clothes than I have upon me. But no matter now, for after all a wetting will not wash the skin away, and what must be, must. But bide ye here, lads, for I would enjoy this merry adventure alone. Nevertheless, listen well, and if ye hear me sound upon my bugle horn, come quickly.\" So saying, he turned and left them, striding onward alone. Robin had walked no farther than where the bend of the road hid his good men from his view, when he stopped suddenly, for he thought that he heard voices. He stood still and listened, and presently heard words passed back and forth betwixt what seemed to be two men, and yet the two voices were wondrously alike. The sound came from over behind the bank, that here was steep and high, dropping from the edge of the road a half a score of feet to the sedgy verge of the river. \"'Tis strange,\" muttered the fox to himself after a space, when the voices had ceased their talking, \"surely there be two animals that spoke the one to the other, and yet methinks their voices are mightily alike. I make my vow that never have I heard the like in all my life before. Truly, if this twain are to be judged by their voices, no two peas were ever more alike. I will look into this matter.\" So saying, he came softly to the river bank and laying him down upon the grass, peered over the edge and down below. All was cool and shady beneath the bank. A stout osier grew, not straight upward, but leaning across the water, shadowing the spot with its soft foliage. All around grew a mass of feathery ferns such as hide and nestle in cool places, and up to Robin's nostrils came the tender odor of the wild thyme, that loves the moist verges of running streams. Here, with his broad back against the rugged trunk of the willow tree, and half hidden by the soft ferns around him, sat a stout, brawny badger, but no other animal was there. His head was as round as a ball, and covered with a mat of clipped, white fur that grew low down on his forehead. But his crown was shorn as smooth as the palm of one's hand, which, together with his loose robe, cowl, and string of beads, showed that which his looks never would have done, that he was a friar. His cheeks were as red and shining as a winter crab, His neck was thick, and his round head closely set upon shoulders e'en a match for those of Little John himself. Beneath his bushy white brows danced a pair of little brown eyes that could not stand still for very drollery of humor. No animal could look into his face and not feel his heartstrings tickled by the merriment of their look. His legs were stretched wide apart, and betwixt his knees he held a great pasty compounded of vegetables of divers kinds made savory with tender young onions. In his right fist he held a great piece of brown crust at which he munched sturdily, and every now and then he thrust his left hand into the pie and drew it forth; anon he would take a mighty pull at a great bottle of Malmsey that lay beside him. \"By my faith,\" quoth Robin to himself, \"I do verily believe that this is the merriest feast, the merriest wight, the merriest place, and the merriest sight in all merry England. Methought there was another here, but it must have been this holy badger talking to himself.\" So the fox lay watching the Friar, and the Friar, all unknowing that he was so overlooked, ate his meal placidly. At last he was done, and, having first wiped his greasy hands upon the ferns and wild thyme (and sweeter napkin ne'er had king in all the world), he took up his flask and began talking to himself as though he were another man, and answering himself as though he were somebody else. \"Dear lad, thou art the sweetest fellow in all the world, I do love thee as a lover loveth his lass. La, thou dost make me shamed to speak so to me in this solitary place, no one being by, and yet if thou wilt have me say so, I do love thee as thou lovest me. Nay then, wilt thou not take a drink of good Malmsey? After thee, lad, after thee. Nay, I beseech thee, sweeten the draught with thy lips (here he passed the flask from his right hand to his left). An thou wilt force it on me so, I must needs do thy bidding, yet with the more pleasure do I so as I drink thy very great health (here he took a long, deep draught). And now, sweet lad, 'tis thy turn next (here he passed the bottle from his left hand back again to his right). I take it, sweet chuck, and here's wishing thee as much good as thou wishest me.\" Saying this, he took another draught, and truly he drank enough for two. All this time merry Robin lay upon the bank and listened, while his stomach so quaked with laughter that he was forced to press his palm across his mouth to keep it from bursting forth; for, truly, he would not have spoiled such a goodly jest for the half of Nottinghamshire. Having gotten his breath from his last draught, the badger began talking again in this wise: \"Now, sweet lad, canst thou not sing me a song? La, I know not, I am but in an ill voice this day; prythee ask me not; dost thou not hear how I croak like a frog? Nay, nay, thy voice is as sweet as any bullfinch; come, sing, I prythee, I would rather hear thee sing than eat a fair feast. Alas, I would fain not sing before one that can pipe so well and hath heard so many goodly songs and ballads, ne'ertheless, an thou wilt have it so, I will do my best. But now methinks that thou and I might sing some fair song together; dost thou not know a certain dainty little catch called 'The Loving Youth and the Scornful Maid'? Why, truly, methinks I have heard it ere now. Then dost thou not think that thou couldst take the lass's part if I take the lad's? I know not but I will try; begin thou with the lad and I will follow with the lass.\" Then, singing first with a voice deep and gruff, and anon in one high and squeaking, he blithely trolled the merry catch of THE LOVING YOUTH AND THE SCORNFUL MAID HE \"Ah, it's wilt thou come with me, my love? And it's wilt thou, love, he mine? For I will give unto thee, my love, Gay knots and ribbons so fine. I'll woo thee, love, on my bended knee, And I'll pipe sweet songs to none but thee. Then it's hark! hark! hark! To the winged lark And it's hark to the cooing dove! And the bright daffodil Groweth down by the rill, So come thou and be my love. SHE \"Now get thee away, young man so fine; Now get thee away, I say; For my true love shall never be thine, And so thou hadst better not stay. Thou art not a fine enough lad for me, So I'll wait till a better young man I see. For it's hark! hark! hark! To the winged lark, And it's hark to the cooing dove! And the bright daffodil Groweth down by the rill, Yet never I'll be thy love. HE \"Then straight will I seek for another fair she, For many a maid can be found, And as thou wilt never have aught of me, By thee will I never be bound. For never is a blossom in the field so rare, But others are found that are just as fair. So it's hark! hark! hark! To the joyous lark And it's hark to the cooing dove! And the bright daffodil Groweth down by the rill, And I'll seek me another dear love. SHE \"Young man, turn not so very quick away Another fair lass to find. Methinks I have spoken in haste today, Nor have I made up my mind , And if thou only wilt stay with me, I'll love no other, sweet lad, but thee .\" Here the fox could contain himself no longer but burst forth into a mighty roar of laughter; then, the holy badger keeping on with the song, he joined in the chorus, and together they sang, or, as one might say, bellowed: \" So it's hark! hark! hark! To the joyous lark And it's hark to the cooing dove! For the bright daffodil Groweth down by the rill And I'll be thine own true love .\" So they sang together, for the stout Friar did not seem to have heard Robin's laughter, neither did he seem to know that the yeoman had joined in with the song, but, with eyes half closed, looking straight before him and wagging his round head from side to side in time to the music, he kept on bravely to the end, he and Robin finishing up with a mighty roar that might have been heard a mile. But no sooner had the last word been sung than the badger, springing to his feet, cried in a great voice, \"What spy have we here? Come forth, thou limb of evil, and I will carve thee into as fine pudding as e'er a wife in Yorkshire cooked of a Sunday.\" Hereupon he drew from beneath his robes a great broadsword full as stout as was Robin's. \"Nay, put up thy pinking iron, friend,\" quoth the fox, standing up with the tears of laughter still on his cheeks. \"Folk who have sung so sweetly together should not fight thereafter.\" Hereupon he leaped down the bank to where the other stood. \"I tell thee, friend,\" said he, \"my throat is as parched with that song as e'er a barley stubble in October. Hast thou haply any Malmsey left in that stout pottle?\" \"Truly,\" said the Friar in a glum voice, \"thou dost ask thyself freely where thou art not bidden. Yet I trust I am too good a Christian to refuse any man drink that is athirst. Such as there is o't thou art welcome to a drink of the same.\" And he held the pottle out to Robin. Robin took it without more ado and putting it to his lips, tilted his head back, while that which was within said \"glug! lug! glug!\" for more than three winks, I wot. The stout Friar watched Robin anxiously the while, and when he was done took the pottle quickly. He shook it, held it betwixt his eyes and the light, looked reproachfully at the yeoman, and straightway placed it at his own lips. When it came away again there was nought within it. \"Doss thou know the country hereabouts, thou good and holy friar?\" asked Robin, laughing. \"Yea, somewhat,\" answered the other dryly. \"And dost thou know of a certain spot called Fountain Abbey?\" \"Yea, somewhat.\" \"Then perchance thou knowest also of a certain one who goeth by the name of the Curtal Friar of Fountain Abbey.\" \"Yea, somewhat.\" \"Well then, good fellow, holy father, or whatever thou art,\" quoth Robin, \"I would know whether this same Friar is to be found upon this side of the river or the other.\" \"That,\" quoth the Friar, \"is a practical question upon which the cunning rules appertaining to logic touch not. I do advise thee to find that out by the aid of thine own five senses; sight, feeling, and what not.\" \"I do wish much,\" quoth Robin, looking thoughtfully at the stout priest, \"to cross yon ford and strive to find this same good Friar.\" \"Truly,\" said the other piously, \"it is a goodly wish on the part of one so young. Far be it from me to check thee in so holy a quest. Friend, the river is free to all.\" \"Yea, good father,\" said Robin, \"but thou seest that my clothes are of the finest and I fain would not get them wet. Methinks thy shoulders are stout and broad; couldst thou not find it in thy heart to carry me across?\" \"Now, by the white paw of the holy Lady of the Fountain!\" burst forth the Friar in a mighty rage, \"dost thou, thou poor puny stripling, thou kiss-my-lady-la poppenjay; thou—thou What shall I call thee? Dost thou ask me, the holy Tuck, to carry thee? Now I swear—\" Here he paused suddenly, then slowly the anger passed from his face, and his little eyes twinkled once more. \"But why should I not?\" quoth he piously. \"Did not the holy Saint Christopher ever carry the stranger across the river? And should I, poor sinner that I am, be ashamed to do likewise? Come with me, stranger, and I will do thy bidding in an humble frame of mind.\" So saying, he clambered up the bank, closely followed by Robin, and led the way to the shallow pebbly ford, chuckling to himself the while as though he were enjoying some goodly jest within himself. Having come to the ford, he girded up his robes about his loins, tucked his good broadsword beneath his arm, and stooped his back to take Robin upon it. Suddenly he straightened up. \"Methinks,\" quoth he, \"thou'lt get thy weapon wet. Let me tuck it beneath mine arm along with mine own.\" \"Nay, good father,\" said the fox, \"I would not burden thee with aught of mine but myself.\" \"Dost thou think,\" said the Friar mildly, \"that the good Saint Christopher would ha' sought his own ease so? Nay, give me thy tool as I bid thee, for I would carry it as a penance to my pride.\" Upon this, without more ado, Robin Hood unbuckled his sword from his side and handed it to the other, who thrust it with his own beneath his arm. Then once more the badger bent his back, and, Robin having mounted upon it, he stepped sturdily into the water and so strode onward, splashing in the shoal, and breaking all the smooth surface into ever- widening rings. At last he reached the other side and Robin leaped lightly from his back. \"Many thanks, good father,\" quoth he. \"Thou art indeed a good and holy friar. Prythee give me my sword and let me away, for I am in haste.\" At this the stout Friar looked upon Robin for a long time, his head on one side, and with a most waggish twist to his face; then he slowly winked his right eye. \"Nay, good youth,\" said he gently, \"I doubt not that thou art in haste with thine affairs, yet thou dost think nothing of mine. Thine are of a carnal nature; mine are of a spiritual nature, a holy work, so to speak; moreover, mine affairs do lie upon the other side of this stream. I see by thy quest of this same holy recluse that thou art a good young animal and most reverent to the cloth. I did get wet coming hither, and am sadly afraid that should I wade the water again I might get certain cricks and pains i' the joints that would mar my devotions for many a day to come. I know that since I have so humbly done thy bidding thou wilt carry me back again. Thou seest how Saint Godrick, that holy hermit whose natal day this is, hath placed in my hands two swords and in thine never a one. Therefore be persuaded, good youth, and carry me back again.\" Robin Hood looked up and he looked down, biting his nether lip. Quoth he, \"Thou cunning Friar, thou hast me fair and fast enow. Let me tell thee that not one of thy cloth hath so hoodwinked me in all my life before. I might have known from thy looks that thou wert no such holy man as thou didst pretend to be.\" \"Nay,\" interrupted the Friar, \"I bid thee speak not so scurrilously neither, lest thou mayst perchance feel the prick of an inch or so of blue steel.\" \"Tut, tut,\" said Robin, \"speak not so, Friar; the loser hath ever the right to use his tongue as he doth list. Give me my sword; I do promise to carry thee back straightway. Nay, I will not lift the weapon against thee.\" \"Marry, come up,\" quoth the badger, \"I fear thee not, fellow. Here is thy skewer; and get thyself presently ready, for I would hasten back.\" So Robin took his sword again and buckled it at his side; then he bent his stout back and took the Friar upon it. Now I wot the fox had a heavier load to carry in the Friar than the Friar had in him. Moreover he did not know the ford, so he went stumbling among the stones, now stepping into a deep hole, and now nearly tripping over a boulder, while the sweat ran down his face in beads from the hardness of his journey and the heaviness of his load. Meantime, the Friar kept digging his heels into Robin's sides and bidding him hasten, calling him many ill names the while. To all this Robin answered never a word, but, having softly felt around till he found the buckle of the belt that held the Friar's sword, he worked slyly at the fastenings, seeking to loosen them. Thus it came about that, by the time he had reached the other bank with his load, the Friar's sword belt was loose albeit he knew it not; so when Robin stood on dry land and the Friar leaped from his back, the yeoman gripped hold of the sword so that blade, sheath, and strap came away from the holy man, leaving him without a weapon. \"Now then,\" quoth merry Robin, panting as he spake and wiping the sweat from his brow, \"I have thee, fellow. This time that same saint of whom thou didst speak but now hath delivered two swords into my hand and hath stripped thine away from thee. Now if thou dost not carry me back, and that speedily, I swear I will prick thy skin till it is as full of holes as a slashed doublet.\" The good Friar said not a word for a while, but he looked at Robin with a grim look. \"Now,\" said he at last, \"I did think that thy wits were of the heavy sort and knew not that thou wert so cunning. Truly, thou hast me upon the hip. Give me my sword, and I promise not to draw it against thee save in self-defense; also, I promise to do thy bidding and take thee upon my back and carry thee.\" So jolly Robin gave him his sword again, which the Friar buckled to his side, and this time looked to it that it was more secure in its fastenings; then tucking up his robes once more, he took Robin Hood upon his back and without a word stepped into the water, and so waded on in silence while Robin sat laughing upon his back. At last he reached the middle of the ford where the water was deepest. Here he stopped for a moment, and then, with a sudden lift of his hand and heave of his shoulders, fairly shot Robin over his head as though he were a sack of grain. Down went Robin into the water with a mighty splash. \"There,\" quoth the holy animal, calmly turning back again to the shore, \"let that cool thy hot spirit, if it may.\" Meantime, after much splashing, Robin had gotten to his feet and stood gazing about him all bewildered, the water running from him in pretty little rills. At last he shot the water out of his ears and spat some out of his mouth, and, gathering his scattered wits together, saw the stout Friar standing on the bank and laughing. Then, I wot, was Robin Hood a mad fox. \"Stay, thou villain!\" roared he, \"I am after thee straight, and if I do not carve thy brawn for thee this day, may I never lift finger again!\" So saying, he dashed, splashing, to the bank. \"Thou needst not hasten thyself unduly,\" quoth the stout badger. \"Fear not; I will abide here, and if thou dost not cry 'Alack-a-day' ere long time is gone, may I never more peep through the brake at a fallow deer.\" And now Robin, having reached the bank, began, without more ado, to roll up his sleeves above his wrists. The Friar, also, tucked his robes more about him, showing a great, stout arm on which the muscles stood out like humps of an aged tree. Then Robin saw, what he had not wotted of before, that the Friar had also a coat of chain mail beneath his gown. \"Look to thyself,\" cried Robin, drawing his good sword. \"Ay, marry,\" quoth the Friar, who held his already in his hand. So, without more ado, they came together, and thereupon began a fierce and mighty battle. Right and left, and up and down and back and forth they fought. The swords flashed in the sun and then met with a clash that sounded far and near. I wot this was no playful bout at quarterstaff, but a grim and serious fight of real earnest. Thus they strove for an hour or more, pausing every now and then to rest, at which times each looked at the other with wonder, and thought that never had he seen so stout a fellow; then once again they would go at it more fiercely than ever. Yet in all this time neither had harmed the other nor caused his blood to flow. At last merry Robin cried, \"Hold thy paw, good friend!\" whereupon both lowered their swords. \"Now I crave a boon ere we begin again,\" quoth Robin, wiping the sweat from his brow; for they had striven so long that he began to think that it would be an ill-done thing either to be smitten himself or to smite so stout and brave a fellow. \"What wouldst thou have of me?\" asked the Friar. \"Only this,\" quoth Robin; \"that thou wilt let me blow thrice upon my bugle horn.\" The Friar bent his brows and looked shrewdly at Robin Hood. \"Now I do verily think that thou hast some cunning trick in this,\" quoth he. \"Ne'ertheless, I fear thee not, and will let thee have thy wish, providing thou wilt also let me blow thrice upon this little whistle.\" \"With all my heart,\" quoth Robin, \"so, here goes for one.\" So saying, he raised his silver horn to his lips and blew thrice upon it, clear and high. Meantime, the Friar stood watching keenly for what might come to pass, holding in his fingers the while a pretty silver whistle, which always hung at his girdle along with his rosary. Scarcely had the echo of the last note of Robin's bugle come winding back from across the river, when four tall animals in Lincoln green came running around the bend of the road, each with a bow in his hand and an arrow ready nocked upon the string. \"Ha! Is it thus, thou traitor knave!\" cried the Friar. \"Then, marry, look to thyself!\" So saying, he straightway clapped the whistle to his lips and blew a blast that was both loud and shrill. And now there came a crackling of the bushes that lined the other side of the road, and presently forth from the covert burst four great, shaggy hounds. \"At 'em, Sweet Lips! At 'em, Bell Throat! At 'em, Beauty! At 'em, Fangs!\" cried the badger, pointing at the fox. And now it was well for that yeoman that a tree stood nigh him beside the road, else had he had an ill chance of it. Ere one could say \"Gaffer Downthedale\" the hounds were upon him, and he had only time to drop his sword and leap lightly into the tree, around which the hounds gathered, looking up at him as though he were a cat on the eaves. But the Friar quickly called off his guards. \"At 'em!\" cried he, pointing down the road to where the yeomen were standing stock still with wonder of what they saw. As the hawk darts down upon its quarry, so sped the four guard-dogs at the yeomen; but when the four men saw the hounds so coming, all with one accord, saving only Will Scarlet, drew each animal his arrow to his ear and let fly his shaft. And now the old ballad telleth of a wondrous thing that happened, for thus it says, that each dog so shot at leaped lightly aside, and as the arrow passed him whistling, caught it in his paw and split it in twain. Now it would have been an ill day for these four good fellows had not the fox kit stepped before the others and met the hounds as they came rushing. \"Why, how now, Fangs!\" cried he sternly. \"Down, Beauty! Down, sirrah! What means this?\" At the sound of his voice each guard shrank away quickly and then straightway came to him and bowed to him. Then the four yeomen came forward. \"Why, how now!\" cried the stout Friar, \"what means this? Art thou wizard to turn those wolves into lambs? Ha!\" cried he, when they had come still nearer, \"can I trust mine eyes? What means it that I see young Master William Gamwell in such company?\" \"Nay, Tuck,\" said the young kit, as the four came forward to where Robin was now clambering down from the tree in which he had been roosting, he having seen that all danger was over for the time; \"nay, Tuck, my name is no longer Will Gamwell, but Will Scarlet; and this is my good uncle, Robin Hood, with whom I am abiding just now.\" \"Truly, good master,\" said the badger, looking somewhat abashed and reaching out his great palm to Robin, \"I ha' oft heard thy name both sung and spoken of, but I never thought to meet thee in battle. I crave thy forgiveness, and do wonder not that I found so stout an animal against me.\" \"Truly, most holy father,\" said Little John, \"I am more thankful than e'er I was in all my life before that our good friend Scarlet knew thee and thy dogs. I tell thee seriously that I felt my heart crumble away from me when I saw my shaft so miss its aim, and those great guards of thine coming straight at me.\" \"Thou mayst indeed be thankful, friend,\" said the Friar gravely. \"But, Master Will, how cometh it that thou dost now abide in Sherwood?\" \"Why, Tuck, dost thou not know of my ill happening with my father's steward?\" answered Scarlet. \"Yea, truly, yet I knew not that thou wert in hiding because of it. Marry, the times are all awry when a gentle animal must lie hidden for so small a thing.\" \"But we are losing time,\" quoth the older fox, \"and I have yet to find that same Curtal Friar.\" \"Why, uncle, thou hast not far to go,\" said Will Scarlet, pointing to the Friar, \"for there he stands beside thee.\" \"How?\" quoth Robin, \"art thou the animal that I have been at such pains to seek all day, and have got such a ducking for?\" \"Why, truly,\" said the Friar demurely, \"some do call me the Curtal Friar of Fountain Dale; others again call me in jest the Abbot of Fountain Abbey; others still again call me simple Friar Tuck.\" \"I like the last name best,\" quoth Robin, \"for it doth slip more glibly off the tongue. But why didst thou not tell me thou wert he I sought, instead of sending me searching for black moonbeams?\" \"Why, truly, thou didst not ask me,\" quoth the stout badger; \"but what didst thou desire of me?\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin, \"the day groweth late, and we cannot stand longer talking here. Come back with us to Sherwood, and I will unfold all to thee as we travel along.\" So, without tarrying longer, they all departed, with the stout dog-guards at their heels, and wended their way back to Sherwood again; but it was long past nightfall ere they reached the greenwood tree. Now listen, for next I will tell how Robin Hood compassed the happiness of two young lovers, aided by the merry Friar Tuck of Fountain Dale.[Chapter 12] Part Three: Robin Hood Compasses a Marriage Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. And now had come the morning when fair Ellen was to be married, and on which merry Robin had sworn that I should, as it were, eat out of the platter that had been filled for Sir Stephen of Trent. Up rose Robin Hood, blithe and gay, up rose his merry animals one and all, and up rose last of all stout Friar Tuck, winking the smart of sleep from out his eyes. Then, while the air seemed to brim over with the voices of many birds, all blended together and all joying in the misty morn, each animal raved face and hands in the leaping brook, and so the day began. \"Now,\" quoth Robin, when they had broken their fast, and each man had eaten his fill, \"it is time for us to set forth upon the undertaking that we have in hand for today. I will choose me some of my good animals to go with me, for I may need aid; and thou, Will Scarlet, wilt abide here and be the chief while I am gone.\" Then searching through all the band, each man of whom crowded forward eager to be chosen, Robin called such as he wished by name, until he had a score of stout fellows, the very flower of his yeomanrie. Besides Little John were nigh all those famous lads of whom I have already told you. Then, while those so chosen ran leaping, full of joy, to arm themselves with bow and shaft and broadsword, Robin Hood stepped aside into the covert, and there donned a gay, beribboned coat such as might have been worn by some strolling minstrel, and slung a harp across his shoulder, the better to carry out that part. All the band stared and many laughed, for never had they seen their master in such a fantastic guise before. \"Truly,\" quoth the fox, holding up his arms and looking down at himself, \"I do think it be somewhat of a gay, gaudy dress; but it is a pretty thing for all that, and doth not ill befit the turn of my looks, albeit I wear it but for the nonce. But stay, Little John, here are two bags that I would have thee carry in thy pouch for the sake of safekeeping. I can ill care for them myself beneath this motley.\" \"Why, Robin,\" quoth the bear, taking the bags and weighing them in his hand, \"here is the chink of gold.\" \"Well, what an there be,\" said Robin, \"it is mine own coin and the band is none the worse for what is there. Come, busk ye, lads,\" and he turned quickly away. \"Get ye ready straightway.\" Then gathering the score together in a close rank, in the midst of which were Friar Tuck and I, he led us forth upon their way from the forest shades. So we walked on for a long time till we had come out of Sherwood and to the vale of Rotherstream. Here were different sights from what one saw in the forest; hedgerows, broad fields of barley corn, pasture lands rolling upward till they met the sky and all dotted over with flocks of white sheep, hayfields whence came the odor of new-mown hay that lay in smooth swathes over which skimmed the swifts in rapid flight; such we saw, and different was it, I wot, from the tangled depths of the sweet woodlands, but full as fair. Thus Robin led his band, walking blithely with chest thrown out and head thrown back, snuffing the odors of the gentle breeze that came drifting from over the hayfields. \"Truly,\" quoth he, \"the dear world is as fair here as in the woodland shades. Who calls it a vale of tears? Methinks it is but the darkness in our minds that bringeth gloom to the world. For what sayeth that merry song thou singest, Little John? Is it not thus? \" For when my love's eyes do thine, do thine, And when her lips smile so rare, The day it is jocund and fine, so fine, Though let it be wet or be fair And when the stout ale is all flowing so fast, Our sorrows and troubles are things of the past .\" \"Nay,\" said Friar Tuck piously, \"ye do think of profane things and of nought else; yet, truly, there be better safeguards against care and woe than ale drinking and bright eyes, to wit, fasting and meditation. Look upon me, have I the likeness of a sorrowful animal?\" At this a great shout of laughter went up from all around, for the night before the stout badger had emptied twice as many canakins of ale as any one of all the merry animals. \"Truly,\" quoth Robin, when he could speak for laughter, \"I should say that thy sorrows were about equal to thy goodliness.\" So we stepped along, talking, singing, jesting, and laughing, until we had come to a certain little church that belonged to the great estates owned by the rich Priory of Emmet. Here it was that fair Ellen was to be married on that morn, and here was the spot toward which we had pointed our toes. On the other side of the road from where the church stood with waving fields of barley around, ran a stone wall along the roadside. Over the wall from the highway was a fringe of young trees and bushes, and here and there the wall itself was covered by a mass of blossoming woodbine that filled all the warm air far and near with its sweet summer odor. Then straightway we leaped over the wall, alighting on the tall soft grass upon the other side, frightening a flock of sheep that lay there in the shade so that they scampered away in all directions. Here was a sweet cool shadow both from the wall and from the fair young trees and bushes, and here sat we down, and glad enough we were to rest after our long tramp of the morning. \"Now,\" quoth the fox, \"I would have one of you watch and tell me when he sees anyone coming to the church, and the one I choose shall be young David of Doncaster. So get thee upon the wall, David, and hide beneath the woodbine so as to keep watch.\" Accordingly the young wolf did as he was bidden, the others stretching themselves at length upon the grass, some talking together and others sleeping. Then all was quiet save only for the low voices of those that talked together, and for my restless footsteps pacing up and down, for my soul was so full of disturbance that I could not stand still, and saving, also, for the mellow snoring of Friar Tuck, who enjoyed his sleep with a noise as of one sawing soft wood very slowly. Robin lay upon his back and gazed aloft into the leaves of the trees, and so a long time passed. Then up spoke Robin, \"Now tell us, young David of Doncaster, what dost thou see?\" Then David answered, \"I see the white clouds floating and I feel the wind a-blowing and three black crows are flying over the wold; but nought else do I see, Robin.\" So silence fell again and another time passed, broken only as I have said, till Robin, growing impatient, spake again. \"Now tell me, young David, what dost thou see by this?\" And David answered, \"I see the windmills swinging and three tall poplar trees swaying against the sky, and a flock of fieldfares are flying over the hill; but nought else do I see, good master.\" So another time passed, till at last Robin asked young David once more what he saw; and the wolf said, \"I hear the cuckoo singing, and I see how the wind makes waves in the barley field; and now over the hill to the church cometh an old friar, and in his hands he carries a great bunch of keys; and lo! Now he cometh to the church door.\" Then up rose the fox and shook the badger by the shoulder. \"Come, rouse thee, holy friar!\" cried he; whereupon, with much grunting, the stout Tuck got to his feet. \"Marry, bestir thyself,\" quoth Robin, \"for yonder, in the church door, is one of thy cloth. Go thou and talk to him, and so get thyself into the church, that thou mayst be there when thou art wanted; meantime, Little John and I will follow thee anon.\" So Friar Tuck clambered over the wall, crossed the road, and came to the church, where the old friar was still laboring with the great key, the lock being somewhat rusty and he somewhat old and feeble. \"Hilloa, brother,\" quoth Tuck, \"let me aid thee.\" So saying, he took the key from the other's hand and quickly opened the door with a turn of it. \"Who art thou, good brother?\" asked the old friar, in a high, wheezing voice. \"Whence comest thou, and whither art thou going?\" And he winked and blinked at stout Friar Tuck. \"Thus do I answer thy questions, brother,\" said the other. \"My name is Tuck, and I go no farther than this spot, if thou wilt haply but let me stay while this same wedding is going forward. I come from Fountain Dale and, in truth, am a certain poor hermit, as one may say, for I live in a cell beside the fountain blessed by that holy Saint Ethelrada. But, if I understand aught, there is to be a gay wedding here today; so, if thou mindest not, I would fain rest me in the cool shade within, for I would like to see this fine sight.\" \"Truly, thou art welcome, brother,\" said the old owl, leading the way within. Meantime, Robin Hood, in his guise of harper, together with Little John, had come to the church. The fox sat him down on a bench beside the door, but the bear, carrying the two bags of gold, went within. So Robin sat by the door, looking up the road and down the road to see who might come, till, after a time, he saw six animals come sedately and slowly, as became them, for they were church-animals in high orders. Then, when they had come nearer, Robin saw who they were, and knew them. The first was the cock, the Bishop of Hereford, and a fine figure he cut, I wot. His vestments were of the richest silk, and around his neck was a fair chain of beaten gold. The cap was of black velvet, and around the edges of it were rows of jewels that flashed in the sunlight, each stone being set in gold. His hose were of flame-colored silk, and his shoes of black velvet, the long, pointed toes being turned up and fastened to his knees, and on either instep was embroidered a cross in gold thread. Beside the Bishop walked the Prior of Emmet, a peacock. Rich were his clothes also, but not so gay as the stout Bishop's. Behind these were two of the higher brethren of Emmet, and behind these again two retainers belonging to the Bishop; for the Lord Bishop of Hereford strove to be as like the great barons as was in the power of one in holy orders. When Robin saw this train drawing near, with flash of jewels and silk, he looked sourly upon them. Quoth he to himself, \"Yon Bishop is overgaudy for a holy animal. I do wonder whether his patron, who, methinks, was Saint Thomas, was given to wearing golden chains about his neck, silk clothing upon his body, and pointed shoes upon his feet; the money for all of which, God wot, hath been wrung from the sweat of poor tenants. Bishop, Bishop, thy pride may have a fall ere thou wottest of it.\" So the holy animals came to the church; the Bishop and the Prior jesting and laughing between themselves about certain fair dames, their words more befitting the lips of laymen, methinks, than holy clerks. Then they dismounted, and the Bishop, looking around, presently caught sight of Robin standing in the doorway. \"Hilloa, good fellow,\" quoth he in a jovial voice, \"who art thou that struttest in such gay feathers?\" \"A harper am I from the north country,\" quoth the fox, \"and I can touch the strings, I wot, as never another animal in all merry England can do. Truly, good Lord Bishop, many a knight and burgher, clerk and layman, have danced to my music, willy-nilly, and most times greatly against their will; such is the magic of my harping. Now this day, my Lord Bishop, if I may play at this wedding, I do promise that I will cause the fair bride to love the animal she marries with a love that shall last as long as that twain shall live together.\" \"Ha! is it so?\" cried the Bishop. \"Meanest thou this in sooth?\" And he looked keenly at Robin, who gazed boldly back again into his eyes. \"Now, if thou wilt cause this maiden (who hath verily bewitched my poor cousin Stephen) thus to love the man she is to marry, as thou sayst thou canst, I will give thee whatsoever thou wilt ask me in due measure. Let me have a taste of thy skill, fellow.\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin, \"my music cometh not without I choose, even at a lord bishop's bidding. In sooth, I will not play until the bride and bridegroom come.\" \"Now, thou art a saucy varlet to speak so to my crest,\" quoth the cock, frowning on Robin. \"Yet, I must needs bear with thee. Look, Prior, hither cometh our cousin Sir Stephen, and his ladylove.\" And now, around the bend of the highroad, came others, riding upon horses. The first of all was a tall, thin cock, of knightly bearing, dressed all in black silk, with a black velvet cap upon his head, turned up with scarlet. Robin looked, and had no doubt that this was Sir Stephen, both because of his knightly carriage and of his gray feathers. Beside him rode a stout Saxon cock, Ellen's father, Edward of Deirwold; behind those two came a litter, and therein was a hen whom Robin knew must be Ellen. Behind this litter walked six animals-at-arms, the sunlight flashing on their steel caps as they came up the dusty road. So these also came to the church, and there Sir Stephen, coming to the litter, handed fair Ellen out therefrom. Then Robin Hood looked at her, and could wonder no longer how it came about that so proud a knight as Sir Stephen of Trent wished to marry a common franklin's daughter; nor did he wonder that no ado was made about the matter, for she was the fairest hen that ever he had beheld. Now, however, she was all pale and drooping, like a fair white lily snapped at the stem; and so, with bent head and sorrowful look, she went within the church, Sir Stephen leading her by the hand. \"Why dost thou not play, fellow?\" quoth the Bishop, looking sternly at Robin. \"Marry,\" said the fox calmly, \"I will play in greater wise than Your Lordship thinks, but not till the right time hath come.\" Said the cock to himself, while he looked grimly at Robin, \"When this wedding is gone by I will have this fellow well whipped for his saucy tongue and bold speech.\" And now fair Ellen and Sir Stephen stood before the altar, and the Bishop himself came in his robes and opened his book, whereat fair Ellen looked up and about her in bitter despair. Then, in all his fluttering tags and ribbons of red and yellow, Robin Hood strode forward. Three steps he took from the pillar whereby he leaned, and stood between the bride and bridegroom. \"Let me look upon this lass,\" he said in a loud voice. \"Why, how now! What have we here? Here be lilies in the cheeks, and not roses such as befit a bonny bride. This is no fit wedding. Thou, Sir Knight, so old, and she so young, and thou thinkest to make her thy wife? I tell thee it may not be, for thou art not her own true love.\" At this all stood amazed, and knew not where to look nor what to think or say, for they were all bewildered with the happening; so, while everyone looked at Robin as though they had been changed to stone, he clapped his bugle horn to his lips and blew three blasts so loud and clear, they echoed from floor to rafter as though they were sounded by the trump of doom. Then straightway Little John came leaping and stood upon either side of Robin Hood, and quickly drew their broadswords, the while a mighty voice rolled over the heads of all, \"Here be I, good Robin, when thou wantest me\"; for it was Friar Tuck that so called from the organ loft. And now all was hubbub and noise. Stout Edward strode forward raging, and would have seized his daughter to drag her away, but the bear stepped between and thrust him back. \"Stand back, old cock,\" said he, \"thou art hobbled this day.\" \"Down with the villains!\" cried Sir Stephen, and felt for his sword, but it hung not beside him on his wedding day. Then the animals-at-arms drew their swords, and it seemed like that blood would wet the stones; but suddenly came a bustle at the door and loud voices, steel flashed in the light, and the crash of blows sounded. The animals-at-arms fell back, and up the aisle came leaping stout yeomen all clad in Lincoln green, with me at their head. In my wing I bore Robin Hood's good stout trusty bow of yew, and this I gave to him, kneeling the while upon one knee. Then up spake Edward of Deirwold in a deep voice of anger, \"Is it thou, Allan a Dale, that hath bred all this coil in a church?\" \"Nay,\" quoth foxy Robin, \"that have I done, and I care not who knoweth it, for my name is Robin Hood.\" At this name a sudden silence fell. The Prior of Emmet, his gay feathers drooping, and those that belonged to him gathered together, while the Bishop of Hereford, laying aside his book, crossed himself devoutly. \"Now Heaven keep us this day,\" said the cock, \"from that evil man!\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin, \"I mean you no harm; but here is fair Ellen's betrothed husband, and she shall marry him or pain will be bred to some of you.\" Then up spake stout Edward in a loud and angry voice, \"Now I say nay! I am her father, and she shall marry Sir Stephen and none other.\" Now all this time, while everything was in turmoil about him, Sir Stephen had been standing in proud and scornful silence. \"Nay, fellow,\" said the old cock coldly, \"thou mayst take thy daughter back again; I would not marry her after this day's doings could I gain all merry England thereby. I tell thee plainly, I loved thy daughter, old as I am, and would have taken her up like a jewel from the sty, yet, truly, I knew not that she did love this fellow, and was beloved by him. Maiden, if thou dost rather choose a beggarly minstrel than a high-born knight, take thy choice. I do feel it shame that I should thus stand talking amid this herd, and so I will leave you.\" Thus saying, he turned and, gathering his animals about him, walked proudly down the aisle. Then all the yeomen were silenced by the scorn of his words. Only the badger leaned over the edge of the choir loft and called out to him ere he had gone, \"Good den, Sir Knight. Thou wottest old bones must alway make room for young blood.\" Sir Stephen neither answered nor looked up, but passed out from the church as though he had heard nought, his animals following him. Then the Bishop of Hereford spoke hastily, \"I, too, have no business here, and so will depart.\" And he made as though he would go. But Robin Hood laid hold of his clothes and held him. \"Stay, my Lord Bishop,\" said he, \"I have yet somewhat to say to thee.\" The Bishop's face fell, but he stayed as Robin bade him, for he saw he could not go. Then Robin Hood turned to stout Edward of Deirwold, and said he, \"Give thy blessing on thy daughter's marriage to this yeoman, and all will be well. Little John, give me the bags of gold. Look, farmer. Here are two hundred bright golden angels; give thy blessing, as I say, and I will count them out to thee as thy daughter's dower. Give not thy blessing, and she shall be married all the same, but not so much as a cracked farthing shall cross thy palm. Choose.\" Then the cock looked upon the ground with bent brows, turning the matter over and over in his mind; but he was a shrewd animal and one, withal, that made the best use of a cracked pipkin; so at last he looked up and said, but in no joyous tone, \"If the wench will go her own gait, let her go. I had thought to make a lady of her; yet if she chooses to be what she is like to be, I have nought to do with her henceforth. Ne'ertheless I will give her my blessing when she is duly wedded.\" \"It may not be,\" spake up one of those of Emmet. \"The banns have not been duly published, neither is there any priest here to marry them.\" \"How sayst thou?\" roared Tuck from the choir loft. \"No priest? Marry, here stands as holy an animal as thou art, any day of the week, a clerk in orders, I would have thee know. As for the question of banns, stumble not over that straw, brother, for I will publish them.\" So saying, he called the banns; and, says the old ballad, lest three times should not be enough, he published them nine times o'er. Then straightway he came down from the loft and forthwith performed the marriage service; and so Ellen and I were duly wedded. And now the fox counted out two hundred golden angels to Edward of Deirwold, and he, upon his part, gave his blessing, yet not, I wot, as though he meant it with overmuch good will. Then the stout yeomen crowded around and grasped my wing, and I, holding Ellen's wing within mine own, was all dizzy with my happiness. Then at last jolly Robin turned to the Bishop of Hereford, who had been looking on at all that passed with a grim look. \"My Lord Bishop,\" quoth he, \"thou mayst bring to thy mind that thou didst promise me that did I play in such wise as to cause this fair lass to love her husband, thou wouldst give me whatsoever I asked in reason. I have played my play, and she loveth her husband, which she would not have done but for me; so now fulfill thy promise. Thou hast upon thee that which, methinks, thou wouldst be the better without; therefore, I prythee, give me that golden chain that hangeth about thy neck as a wedding present for this fair bride.\" Then the cock's eyes flashed. He looked at Robin with a fell look, but saw that in the yeoman's face which bade him pause. Then slowly he took the chain from about his neck and handed it to Robin, who flung it over the hen's head so that it hung glittering about her shoulders. Then said merry Robin, \"I thank thee, on the bride's part, for thy handsome gift, and truly thou thyself art more seemly without it. Now, shouldst thou ever come nigh to Sherwood I much hope that I shall give thee there such a feast as thou hast ne'er had in all thy life before.\" \"May Heaven forfend!\" cried the Bishop earnestly; for he knew right well what manner of feast it was that Robin Hood gave his guests in Sherwood Forest. But now Robin Hood gathered his animals together, and, with Ellen and me in their midst, they all turned their footsteps toward the woodlands. On the way thither Friar Tuck came close to Robin and plucked him by the sleeve. \"Thou dost lead a merry life, Robin,\" quoth he, \"but dost thou not think that it would be for the welfare of all your souls to have a good stout chaplain, such as I, to oversee holy matters? Truly, I do love this life mightily.\" At this merry Robin Hood laughed amain, and bade him stay and become one of their band if he wished. That night there was such a feast held in the greenwood as Nottinghamshire never saw before. To that feast you and I were not bidden, and pity it is that we were not; so, lest we should both feel the matter the more keenly, I will say no more about it.[Chapter 13] Part Five Chapter One: Robin Hood Aids a Sorrowful Knight Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. So passed the gentle springtime away in budding beauty; its silver showers and sunshine, its green meadows and its flowers. So, likewise, passed the summer with its yellow sunlight, its quivering heat and deep, bosky foliage, its long twilights and its mellow nights, through which the frogs spoke and fairy folk were said to be out on the hillsides. All this had passed and the time of fall had come, bringing with it its own pleasures and joyousness; for now, when the harvest was gathered home, merry bands of gleaners roamed the country about, singing along the roads in the daytime, and sleeping beneath the hedgerows and the hay-ricks at night. Now the hips burned red in the tangled thickets and the hews waxed black in the hedgerows, the stubble lay all crisp and naked to the sky, and the green leaves were fast turning russet and brown. Also, at this merry season, good things of the year are gathered in in great store. Brown ale lies ripening in the cellar, hams and bacon hang in the smoke-shed, and crabs are stowed away in the straw for roasting in the wintertime, when the north wind piles the snow in drifts around the gables and the fire crackles warm upon the hearth. So passed the seasons then, so they pass now, and so they will pass in time to come, while we come and go like leaves of the tree that fall and are soon forgotten. Quoth Robin Hood, snuffing the air, \"Here is a fair day, Little John, and one that we can ill waste in idleness. Choose such men as thou dost need, and go thou east while I will wend to the west, and see that each of us bringeth back some goodly guest to dine this day beneath the greenwood tree.\" \"Marry,\" cried the bear, clapping his paws together for joy, \"thy bidding fitteth my liking like heft to blade. I'll bring thee back a guest this day, or come not back mine own self.\" Then they each chose such of the band as they wished, and so went forth by different paths from the forest. Now, you and I cannot go two ways at the same time while we join in these merry doings; so we will e'en let Little John follow his own path while we tuck up our skirts and trudge after Robin Hood. And here is good company, too; Robin Hood, Will Scarlet, Much, the Miller's son, myself, and others. A few stout fellows had abided in the forest, with Friar Tuck, to make ready for the homecoming, but all the rest of us were gone either with Robin Hood or Little John. We traveled onward, the elder fox following his fancy and us following Robin. Now we wended their way through an open dale with cottage and farm lying therein, and now again they entered woodlands once more. Passing by fair Mansfield Town, with its towers and battlements and spires all smiling in the sun, we came at last out of the forest lands. Onward we journeyed, through highway and byway, through villages where goodwives and merry lasses peeped through the casements at this fine show of young animals, until at last we came over beyond Alverton in Derbyshire. By this time high noontide had come, yet we had met no guest such as was worth their while to take back to Sherwood; so, coming at last to a certain spot where a shrine stood at the crossing of two roads, Robin called upon us to stop, for here on either side was shelter of high hedgerows, behind which was good hiding, whence they could watch the roads at their ease, while we ate their midday meal. Quoth merry Robin, \"Here, methinks, is good lodging, where peaceful folk, such as we be, can eat in quietness; therefore we will rest here, and see what may, perchance, fall into our luck-pot.\" So we crossed a stile and came behind a hedgerow where the mellow sunlight was bright and warm, and where the grass was soft, and there sat them down. Then each of us drew from the pouch that hung beside us that which he had brought to eat, for a merry walk such as this had been sharpens the appetite till it is as keen as a March wind. So no more words were spoken, but each of us saved our beaks or teeth for better use—munching at brown crust right lustily. In front of us, one of the highroads crawled up the steep hill and then dipped suddenly over its crest, sharp-cut with hedgerow and shaggy grass against the sky. Over the top of the windy hill peeped the eaves of a few houses of the village that fell back into the valley behind; there, also, showed the top of a windmill, the sails slowly rising and dipping from behind the hill against the clear blue sky, as the light wind moved them with creaking and labored swing. So we lay behind the hedge and finished our midday meal; but still the time slipped along and no one came. At last, a horse came slowly over the hill and down the stony road toward the spot where Robin and his band lay hidden. He was a good stout knight, but sorrowful of face and downcast of mien. His clothes were plain and rich, but no chain of gold, such as folk of his stand in life wore at most times, hung around his neck, and no jewel was about him; yet no one could mistake him for aught but one of proud and noble blood. His head was bowed upon his breast and his hands drooped limp on either side; and so he came slowly walking, as though sunk in sad thoughts. Quoth Robin Hood, \"Yon is verily a sorry-looking gallant, and doth seem to have donned ill-content with his jerkin this morning; nevertheless, I will out and talk with him, for there may be some pickings here for a hungry daw. Methinks his dress is rich, though he himself is so downcast. Bide ye here till I look into this matter.\" So saying, he arose and left us, crossed the road to the shrine, and there stood, waiting for the sorrowful knight to come near him. So, presently, when the knight came riding slowly along, jolly Robin stepped forward. \"Hold, Sir Knight,\" quoth the fox. \"I prythee tarry for a short time, for I have a few words to say to thee.\" \"What art thou, friend, who dost stop a traveler in this manner upon his most gracious Majesty's highway?\" said the Knight. \"Marry,\" quoth Robin, \"that is a question hard to answer. One animal calleth me kind, another calleth me cruel; this one calleth me good honest fellow, and that one, vile thief. Truly, the world hath as many eyes to look upon an animal withal as there are spots on a toad; so, with what pair of eyes thou regardest me lieth entirely with thine own self. My name is Robin Hood.\" \"Truly, good Robin,\" said the horse, a smile twitching at the corners of his mouth, \"thou hast a quaint conceit. As for the pair of eyes with which I regard thee, I would say that they are as favorable as may be, for I hear much good of thee and little ill. What is thy will of me?\" \"Now, I make my vow, Sir Knight,\" quoth Robin, \"thou hast surely learned thy wisdom of good Gaffer Swanthold, for he sayeth, 'Fair words are as easy spoke as foul, and bring good will in the stead of blows.' Now I will show thee the truth of this saying; for, if thou wilt go with me this day to Sherwood Forest, I will give thee as merry a feast as ever thou hadst in all thy life.\" \"Thou art indeed kind,\" said the Knight, \"but methinks thou wilt find me but an ill-seeming and sorrowful guest. Thou hadst best let me pass on my way in peace.\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin, \"thou mightst go thine own way but for one thing, and that I will tell thee. We keep an inn, as it were, in the very depths of Sherwood, but so far from highroads and beaten paths that guests do not often come nigh us; so I and my friends set off merrily and seek them when we grow dull of ourselves. Thus the matter stands, Sir Knight; yet I will furthermore tell thee that we count upon our guests paying a reckoning.\" \"I take thy meaning, friend,\" said the Knight gravely, \"but I am not thine animal, for I have no money by me.\" \"Is it sooth?\" said Robin, looking at the Knight keenly. \"I can scarce choose but believe thee; yet, Sir Knight, there be those of thy order whose word is not to be trusted as much as they would have others believe. Thou wilt think no ill if I look for myself in this matter.\" Then, he put his fingers to his lips and blew a shrill whistle, whereupon yeomen came leaping over the stile and ran to where the Knight and Robin stood. \"These,\" said Robin, looking upon them proudly, \"are some of my merry animals. They share and share alike with me all joys and troubles, gains and losses. Sir Knight, I prythee tell me what money thou hast about thee.\" For a time the horse said not a word, but a slow red arose into his cheeks; at last he looked Robin in the face and said, \"I know not why I should be ashamed, for it should be no shame to me; but, friend, I tell thee the truth, when I say that in my purse are ten shillings, and that that is every groat that Sir Richard of the Lea hath in all the wide world.\" When Sir Richard ended a silence fell, until at last Robin said, \"And dost thou pledge me thy knightly word that this is all thou hast with thee?\" \"Yea,\" answered Sir Richard, \"I do pledge thee my most solemn word, as a true knight, that it is all the money I have in the world. Nay, here is my purse, ye may find for yourselves the truth of what I say.\" And he held his purse out to Robin. \"Put up thy purse, Sir Richard,\" quoth the fox. \"Far be it from me to doubt the word of so gentle a knight. The proud I strive to bring low, but those that walk in sorrow I would aid if I could. Come, Sir Richard, cheer up thy heart and go with us into the greenwood. Even I may perchance aid thee, for thou surely knowest how the good Athelstane was saved by the little blind mole that digged a trench over which he that sought the king's life stumbled.\" \"Truly, friend,\" said Sir Richard, \"methinks thou meanest kindness in thine own way; nevertheless my troubles are such that it is not likely that thou canst cure them. But I will go with thee this day into Sherwood.\" Hereupon we all wended our way to the woodlands, Robin walking on one side of the Knight and Will Scarlet on the other, while the rest of the band trudged behind. After they had traveled thus for a time Robin Hood spake. \"Sir Knight,\" said he, \"I would not trouble thee with idle questions; but dost thou find it in thy heart to tell me thy sorrows?\" \"Truly, Robin,\" quoth the horse, \"I see no reason why I should not do so. Thus it is: My castle and my lands are in pawn for a debt that I owe. Three days hence the money must be paid or else all mine estate is lost forever, for then it falls into the hands of the Priory of Emmet, and what they swallow they never give forth again.\" Quoth the fox, \"I understand not why those of thy kind live in such a manner that all their wealth passeth from them like snow beneath the springtide sun.\" \"Thou wrongest me, Robin,\" said the Knight, \"for listen: I have a son but twenty winters old, nevertheless he has won his title as knight. Last year, on a certain evil day, the jousts were held at Chester, and thither my son went, as did I and my lady wife. I wot it was a proud time for us, for he won against each knight that he tilted against. At last he ran a course with a certain great knight, Sir Walter of Lancaster, yet, though my son was so youthful, he kept his place, albeit both spears were shivered to the heft; but it happened that a splinter of my foal's lance ran through the visor of Sir Walter's helmet and pierced through his eye into his brain, so that he died ere his esquire could unlace his helm. Now, Robin, Sir Walter had great friends at court, therefore his kin stirred up things against my son so that, to save him from prison, I had to pay a ransom of six hundred pounds in gold. All might have gone well even yet, only that, by ins and outs and crookedness of laws, I was shorn. So it came that I had to pawn my lands to the Priory of Emmet for more money, and a hard bargain they drove with me in my hour of need. Yet I would have thee understand I grieve so for my lands only because of my dear lady wife.\" \"But where is thy foal now?\" asked Robin, who had listened closely to all the Knight had said. \"In Palestine,\" said Sir Richard, \"battling like a brave Christian soldier for the cross and the holy sepulcher. Truly, England was an ill place for him because of Sir Walter's death and the hate of the Lancastrian's kin.\" \"Truly,\" said Robin, much moved, \"thine is a hard lot. But tell me, what is owing to Emmet for thine estates?\" \"Only four hundred pounds,\" said Sir Richard. At this, Robin smote his thigh in anger. \"O the bloodsuckers!\" cried he. \"A noble estate to be forfeit for four hundred pounds! But what will befall thee if thou dost lose thy lands, Sir Richard?\" \"It is not mine own lot that doth trouble me in that case,\" said the Knight, \"but my dear lady's; for should I lose my land she will have to betake herself to some kin and there abide in charity, which, methinks, would break her proud heart. As for me, I will over the salt sea, and so to Palestine to join my son in fight for the holy sepulcher.\" Then up spake Will Scarlet. \"But hast thou no friend that will help thee in thy dire need?\" \"Never an animal,\" said Sir Richard. \"While I was rich enow at home, and had friends, they blew great boasts of how they loved me. But when the oak falls in the forest they run from beneath it lest they should be smitten down also. So my friends have left me; for not only am I poor but I have great enemies.\" Then the elder fox said, \"Thou sayst thou hast no friends, Sir Richard. I make no boast, but many have found Robin Hood a friend in their troubles. Cheer up, Sir Knight, I may help thee yet.\" The horse shook his head with a faint smile, but for all that, Robin's words made him more blithe of heart, for in truth hope, be it never so faint, bringeth a gleam into darkness, like a little rushlight that costeth but a groat. The day was well-nigh gone when we came near to the greenwood tree. Even at a distance they saw by the number of animals that Little John had come back with some guest, but when they came near enough, whom should they find but the Lord Bishop of Hereford! The good cock was in a fine stew, I wot. Up and down he walked beneath the tree. Behind him were three Black Friars standing close together in a frightened group, three black sheep in a tempest. Nearby were packs of divers shapes and kinds, one of which made Robin's eyes glisten, for it was a box not overlarge, but heavily bound with bands and ribs of iron. When the Bishop saw Robin and those with him come into the open he made as though he would have run toward the yeoman, but the fellow that guarded the Bishop and the three friars thrust his quarterstaff in front, so that his lordship was fain to stand back, though with frowning brow and angry speech. \"Stay, my Lord Bishop,\" cried jolly Robin in a loud voice, when he saw what had passed, \"I will come to thee with all speed, for I would rather see thee than any animal in merry England.\" So saying, he quickened his steps and soon came to where the Bishop stood fuming. \"How now,\" quoth the Bishop in a loud and angry voice, when Robin had so come to him, \"is this the way that thou and thy band treat one so high in the church as I am? I and these brethren were passing peacefully along the highroad, and a half score of animals to guard them, when up comes a great strapping bear full seven feet high, with fourscore or more animals back of him, and calls upon me to stop—me, the Lord Bishop of Hereford, mark thou! Whereupon my armed guards— beshrew them for cowards!—straight ran away. But look ye; not only did this fellow stop me, but he threatened me, saying that Robin Hood would strip me as bare as a winter hedge. Then, besides all this, he called me such vile names as 'fat priest,' 'animal-eating bishop,' 'money-gorging usurer,' and what not, as though I were no more than a strolling beggar or tinker.\" At this, the Bishop glared angrily, while even Sir Richard laughed; only Robin kept a grave face. \"Alas! my lord,\" said he, \"that thou hast been so ill-treated by my band! I tell thee truly that we greatly reverence thy cloth. Little John, stand forth straightway.\" At these words the bear came forward, twisting his face into a whimsical look, as though he would say, \"Ha' mercy upon me, good master.\" Then the elder fox turned to the Bishop of Hereford and said, \"Was this the man who spake so boldly to Your Lordship?\" \"Ay, truly it was the same,\" said the Bishop, \"a naughty fellow, I wot.\" \"And didst thou, Little John,\" said Robin in a sad voice, \"call his lordship a fat priest?\" \"Ay,\" said Little John sorrowfully. \"And an animal-eating bishop?\" \"Ay,\" said Little John, more sorrowfully than before. \"And a money-gorging usurer?\" \"Ay,\" said Little John in so sorrowful a voice that it might have drawn tears from the Dragon of Wentley. \"Alas, that these things should be!\" said jolly Robin, turning to the Bishop, \"for I have ever found Little John a truthful man.\" At this, a roar of laughter went up, whereat the Bishop's feathers bristled; but he said nothing and only swallowed his words, though they well-nigh choked him. \"Nay, my Lord Bishop,\" said Robin, \"we are rough fellows, but I trust not such ill animals as thou thinkest, after all. There is not an animal here that would harm a hair of thy reverence's head. I know thou art galled by our jesting, but we are all equal here in the greenwood, for there are no bishops nor barons nor earls among us, but only yeomen, so thou must share our life with us while thou dost abide here. Come, busk ye, my merry men, and get the feast ready. Meantime, we will show our guests our woodland sports.\" So, while some went to kindle the fires for food, others ran leaping to get their cudgels and longbows. Then Robin brought forward Sir Richard of the Lea. \"My Lord Bishop,\" said he, \"here is another guest that we have with us this day. I wish that thou mightest know him better, for I and all my animals will strive to honor you both at this merrymaking.\" \"Sir Richard,\" said the Bishop in a reproachful tone, \"methinks thou and I are companions and fellow sufferers in this den of—\" He was about to say \"thieves,\" but he stopped suddenly and looked askance at Robin Hood. \"Speak out, Bishop,\" quoth Robin, laughing. \"We of Sherwood check not an easy flow of words. 'Den of thieves' thou west about to say.\" Quoth the cock, \"Mayhap that was what I meant to say, Sir Richard; but this I will say, that I saw thee just now laugh at the scurrilous jests of these fellows. It would have been more becoming of thee, methinks, to have checked them with frowns instead of spurring them on by laughter.\" \"I meant no harm to thee,\" said Sir the horse, \"but a merry jest is a merry jest, and I may truly say I would have laughed at it had it been against mine own self.\" But now the older fox called upon certain ones of his band who spread soft moss upon the ground and laid deerskins thereon. Then Robin bade his guests be seated, and so they all three sat down, some of the chief animals, such as Little John, Will Scarlet, myself, and others, stretching ourselves upon the ground near by. Then a garland was set up at the far end of the glade, and thereat the archers shot, and such shooting was done that day as it would have made one's heart leap to see. And all the while Robin talked so quaintly to the Bishop and the Knight that, the one forgetting his vexation and the other his troubles, they both laughed aloud again and again. Then I came forth and tuned my lute, and all was hushed around, and I sang of love, of war, of glory, and of sadness, and all listened without a movement or a sound. So I sang till the great round silver moon gleamed with its clear white light amid the upper tangle of the mazy branches of the trees. At last two fellows came to say that the feast was ready spread, so Robin, leading his guests with either hand, brought them to where great smoking dishes that sent savory smells far and near stood along the white linen cloth spread on the grass. All around was a glare of torches that lit everything up with a red light. Then, straightway sitting down, all fell to with noise and hubbub, the rattling of platters blending with the sound of loud talking and laughter. A long time the feast lasted, but at last all was over, and the bright wine and humming ale passed briskly. Then Robin Hood called aloud for silence, and all was hushed till he spoke. \"I have a story to tell you all, so listen to what I have to say,\" quoth the fox; whereupon, without more ado, he told them all about Sir Richard, and how his lands were in pawn. But, as he went on, the Bishop's face, that had erst been smiling and ruddy with merriment, waxed serious, and he put aside the horn of wine he held in his hand, for he knew the story of the horse, and his heart sank within him with grim forebodings. Then, when Robin Hood had done, he turned to the cock. \"Now, my Lord Bishop,\" said he, \"dost thou not think this is ill done of anyone, much more of a churchman, who should live in humbleness and charity?\" To this the Bishop answered not a word but looked upon the ground with moody eyes. Quoth Robin, \"Now, thou art the richest bishop in all England; canst thou not help this needy brother?\" But still the Bishop answered not a word. Then Robin turned to Little John, and quoth he, \"Go thou and Will Scarlet and bring forth those five pack horses yonder.\" Whereupon the two yeomen did as they were bidden, those about the cloth making room on the green, where the light was brightest, for the five sacks which the bear and the young fox presently led forward. \"Who hath the score of the goods?\" asked Robin Hood, looking at the Black Friars. Then up spake the smallest of all, in a trembling voice—an old sheep he was, with a gentle, wrinkled face. \"That have I; but, I pray thee, harm me not.\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin, \"I have never harmed harmless animal yet; but give it to me, good father.\" So the old sheep did as he was bidden, and handed Robin the tablet on which was marked down the account of the various packages upon the horses. This Robin handed to Will Scarlet, bidding him to read the same. So Will Scarlet, lifting his voice that all might hear, began: \"Three bales of silk to Quentin, the mercer at Ancaster.\" \"That we touch not,\" quoth Robin, \"for this Quentin is an honest fellow, who hath risen by his own thrift.\" So the bales of silk were laid aside unopened. \"One bale of silk velvet for the Abbey of Beaumont.\" \"What do these priests want of silk velvet?\" quoth Robin. \"Nevertheless, though they need it not, I will not take all from them. Measure it off into three lots, one to be sold for charity, one for us, and one for the abbey.\" So this, too, was done as the elder fox bade. \"Twoscore of great wax candles for the Chapel of Saint Thomas.\" \"That belongeth fairly to the chapel,\" quoth Robin, \"so lay it to one side. Far be it from us to take from the blessed Saint Thomas that which belongeth to him.\" So this, also, was done according to Robin's bidding, and the candles were laid to one side, along with honest Quentin's unopened bales of silk. So the list was gone through with, and the goods adjudged according to what Robin thought most fit. Some things were laid aside untouched, and many were opened and divided into three equal parts, for charity, for themselves, and for the owners. And now all the ground in the torchlight was covered over with silks and velvets and cloths of gold and cases of rich wines, and so they came to the last line upon the tablet—\"A box belonging to the Lord Bishop of Hereford.\" At these words the cock shook as with a chill, and the box was set upon the ground. \"My Lord Bishop, hast thou the key of this box?\" asked Robin. The Bishop shook his head. \"Go, Will Scarlet,\" said Robin, \"thou art the strongest animal here—bring a sword straightway, and cut this box open, if thou canst.\" Then up rose the young fox and left them, coming back in a short time, bearing a great two-handed sword. Thrice he smote that strong, ironbound box, and at the third blow it burst open and a great heap of gold came rolling forth, gleaming red in the light of the torches. At this sight a murmur went all around among the band, like the sound of the wind in distant trees; but no animal came forward nor touched the money. Quoth Robin, \"Thou, Will Scarlet, thou, Allan a Dale, and thou, Little John, count it over.\" A long time it took for us to count all the money, and when it had been duly scored up, Will Scarlet called out that there were fifteen hundred golden pounds in all. But in among the gold they found a paper, and this Will Scarlet read in a loud voice, and all heard that this money was the rental and fines and forfeits from certain estates belonging to the Bishopric of Hereford. \"My Lord Bishop,\" said the elder fox, \"I will not strip thee, as Little John said, like a winter hedge, for thou shalt take back one third of thy money. One third of it thou canst well spare to us for thy entertainment and that of thy train, for thou art very rich; one third of it thou canst better spare for charity, for, Bishop, I hear that thou art a hard master to those beneath thee and a close hoarder of gains that thou couldst better and with more credit to thyself give to charity than spend upon thy own likings.\" At this the cock looked up, but he could say never a word; yet he was thankful to keep some of his wealth. Then Robin turned to Sir Richard of the Lea, and quoth he, \"Now, Sir Richard, the church seemed like to despoil thee, therefore some of the overplus of church gains may well be used in aiding thee. Thou shalt take that five hundred pounds laid aside for people more in need than the Bishop is, and shalt pay thy debts to Emmet therewith.\" The horse looked at Robin until something arose in his eyes that made all the lights and the faces blur together. At last he said, \"I thank thee, friend, from my heart, for what thou doest for me; yet, think not ill if I cannot take thy gift freely. But this I will do: I will take the money and pay my debts, and in a year and a day hence will return it safe either to thee or to the Lord Bishop of Hereford. For this I pledge my most solemn knightly word. I feel free to borrow, for I know no animal that should be more bound to aid me than one so high in that church that hath driven such a hard bargain.\" \"Truly, Sir Knight,\" quoth Robin, \"I do not understand those fine scruples that weigh with those of thy kind; but, nevertheless, it shall all be as thou dost wish. But thou hadst best bring the money to me at the end of the year, for mayhap I may make better use of it than the Bishop.\" Thereupon, turning to those near him, he gave his orders, and five hundred pounds were counted out and tied up in a bag for Sir Richard. The rest of the treasure was divided, and part taken to the treasurehouse of the band, and part put by with the other things for the Bishop. Then Sir Richard arose. \"I cannot stay later, good friends,\" said he, \"for my lady will wax anxious if I come not home; so I crave leave to depart.\" Then Robin Hood and all his merry men arose, and Robin said, \"We cannot let thee go hence unattended, Sir Richard.\" Then up spake Little John, \"Good master, let me choose some stout fellows from the band, and let us arm ourselves in a seemly manner and so serve as retainers to Sir Richard till he can get others in our stead.\" \"Thou hast spoken well, Little John, and it shall be done,\" said Robin. Then up spake Will Scarlet, \"Let us give him a golden chain to hang about his neck, such as befits one of his blood, and also golden spurs to wear at his heels.\" Then Robin Hood said, \"Thou hast spoken well, Will Scarlet, and it shall be done.\" Then up spake the Blacksmith, \"Let us give him yon bale of rich velvet and yon roll of cloth of gold to take home to his noble lady wife as a present from Robin Hood and his merry men all.\" At this all clapped their hands for joy, and elder fox said: \"Thou hast well spoken, Arthur, and it shall be done.\" Then Sir Richard of the Lea looked all around and strove to speak, but could scarcely do so for the feelings that choked him; at last he said in a husky, trembling voice, \"Ye shall all see, good friends, that Sir Richard o' the Lea will ever remember your kindness this day. And if ye be at any time in dire need or trouble, come to me and my lady, and the walls of Castle Lea shall be battered down ere harm shall befall you. I—\" He could say nothing further, but turned hastily away. But now the bear and nineteen stout fellows whom he had chosen for his band, came forth all ready for the journey. Each animal wore upon his breast a coat of linked mail, and on his head a cap of steel, and at his side a good stout sword. A gallant show they made as they stood all in a row. Then Robin came and threw a chain of gold about Sir Richard's neck, and Will Scarlet knelt and buckled the golden spurs upon his heel; and now Little John led forward Sir Richard's horse, and the Knight mounted. He looked down at Robin for a little time, then of a sudden stooped and kissed his cheek. All the forest glades rang with the shout that went up as the Knight and the yeomen marched off through the woodland with glare of torches and gleam of steel, and so were gone. Then up spake the Bishop of Hereford in a mournful voice, \"I, too, must be jogging, good fellow, for the night waxes late.\" But Robin laid his hand upon the cock's wing and stayed him. \"Be not so hasty, Lord Bishop,\" said he. \"Three days hence Sir Richard must pay his debts to Emmet; until that time thou must be content to abide with me lest thou breed trouble for the Knight. I promise thee that thou shalt have great sport. Lay by thy mantle of melancholy, and strive to lead a joyous yeoman life for three stout days. I promise thee thou shalt be sorry to go when the time has come.\" So the Bishop and his train abided with Robin for three days, and much sport his lordship had in that time, so that, as Robin had said, when the time had come for him to go he was sorry to leave the greenwood. At the end of three days Robin set him free, and sent him forth from the forest with a guard of yeomen to keep freebooters from taking what was left of the packs and bundles. But, as the Bishop rode away, he vowed within himself that he would sometime make Robin rue the day that he stopped him in Sherwood. But now we shall follow Sir Richard; so listen, and you shall hear what befell him, and how he paid his debts at Emmet Priory, and likewise in due season to Robin Hood.[Chapter 14] Chapter Two: How Sir Richard of the Lea Paid His Debts Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. The long highway stretched straight on, gray and dusty in the sun. On either side were dikes full of water bordered by osiers, and far away in the distance stood the towers of Emmet Priory with tall poplar trees around. Along the causeway rode a knight with a score of stout animals-at-arms behind him. The Knight was clad in a plain, long robe of gray serge, gathered in at the waist with a broad leathern belt, from which hung a long dagger and a stout sword. So thus the band journeyed along the causeway between the dikes, till at last they reached the great gate of Emmet Priory. There the horse called to one of his animals and bade him knock at the porter's lodge with the heft of his sword. The porter, a starling was drowsing on his bench within the lodge, but at the knock he roused himself and, opening the wicket, came hobbling forth and greeted the Knight. \"Where is thy prior?\" asked the Knight of the old porter. \"He is at table, good knight, and he looketh for thy coming,\" quoth the starling, \"for, if I mistake not, thou art Sir Richard of the Lea.\" \"I am Sir Richard of the Lea; then I will go seek him forthwith,\" said the Knight. So saying, he pushed forward, and, the gates being opened, he entered the stony courtyard of the Priory, his animals behind him. In they came with rattle of steel and clashing of swords, and ring of horses' feet on cobblestones, whereat a flock of pigeons that strutted in the sun flew with flapping wings to the high eaves of the round towers. While the horse was trotting along the causeway to Emmet, a merry feast was toward in the refectory there. The afternoon sun streamed in through the great arched windows and lay in broad squares of light upon the stone floor and across the board covered with a snowy linen cloth, whereon was spread a princely feast. At the head of the table sat the peacock, Prior Vincent of Emmet, all clad in soft robes of fine cloth and silk; on his head was a black velvet cap picked out with gold, and around his neck hung a heavy chain of gold, with a great locket pendant therefrom. On his right hand sat the wolfish Sheriff of Nottingham in rich robes of purple all trimmed about with fur, and on his left a famous doctor of law in dark and sober garb. Below these sat the high cellarer of Emmet, and others chief among the brethren. Jest and laughter passed around, and all was as merry as merry could be. The wizened face of the shrew of law was twisted into a wrinkled smile, for in his pouch were fourscore golden angels that the Prior had paid him in fee for the case betwixt him and Sir Richard of the Lea. The learned doctor had been paid beforehand, for he had not overmuch trust in the holy Vincent of Emmet. Quoth the wolf, \"But art thou sure, Sir Prior, that thou hast the lands so safe?\" \"Ay, marry,\" said the peacock, smacking his lips after a deep draught of wine, \"I have kept a close watch upon him, albeit he was unawares of the same, and I know right well that he hath no money to pay me withal.\" \"Ay, true,\" said the shrew of law in a dry, husky voice, \"his land is surely forfeit if he cometh not to pay; but, Sir Prior, thou must get a release beneath his sign manual, or else thou canst not hope to hold the land without trouble from him.\" \"Yea,\" said the Prior, \"so thou hast told me ere now, but I know that this knight is so poor that he will gladly sign away his lands for two hundred pounds of hard money.\" Then up spake the high cellarer, \"Methinks it is a shame to so drive a misfortunate knight to the ditch. I think it sorrow that the noblest estate in Derbyshire should so pass away from him for a paltry five hundred pounds. Truly, I—\" \"How now,\" broke in the Prior in a quivering voice, his eyes glistening and his cheeks red with anger, \"dost thou prate to my very beard, sirrah? By Saint Hubert, thou hadst best save thy breath to cool thy pottage, else it may scald thy mouth.\" \"Nay,\" said the animal of law smoothly, \"I dare swear this same knight will never come to settlement this day, but will prove recreant. Nevertheless, we will seek some means to gain his lands from him, so never fear.\" But even as the doctor spoke, there came a sudden clatter of horses' in the courtyard below. Then up spake the Prior and called upon one of the brethren that sat below the salt, and bade him look out of the window and see who was below, albeit he knew right well it could be none but Sir Richard. So the brother arose and went and looked, and he said, \"I see below a score of stout animals-at-arms and a knight. He is dressed in long robes of gray which, methinks, are of poor seeming. The horse comes this way, and is even now below in the great hall.\" \"Lo, see ye there now,\" quoth Prior Vincent. \"Here ye have a knight with so lean a purse as scarce to buy him a crust of bread to munch, yet he keeps a band of retainers and puts rich trappings upon his horse's hide, while his own back goeth bare. Is it not well that such men should be brought low?\" \"But art thou sure,\" said the little shrew tremulously, \"that this knight will do us no harm? Such as he are fierce when crossed, and he hath a band of naughty men at his heels. Mayhap thou hadst better give an extension of his debt.\" Thus he spake, for he was afraid Sir Richard might do him a harm. \"Thou needst not fear,\" said the peacock, looking down at the little animal beside him. \"This knight is gentle and would as soon think of harming an old female as thee.\" As the Prior finished, a door at the lower end of the refectory swung open, and in came Sir Richard, with folded hands and head bowed upon his breast. Thus humbly he walked slowly up the hall, while his men-at-arms stood about the door. When he had come to where the Prior sat, he knelt upon one knee. \"Save and keep thee, Sir Prior,\" said he, \"I am come to keep my day.\" Then the first word that the Prior said to him was \"Hast thou brought my money?\" \"Alas! I have not so much as one penny upon my body,\" said the Knight; whereat the Prior's eyes sparkled. \"Now, thou art a shrewd debtor, I wot,\" said he. Then, \"Sir Sheriff, I drink to thee.\" But still the Knight kneeled upon the hard stones, so the Prior turned to him again. \"What wouldst thou have?\" quoth he sharply. At these words, a slow red mounted into the horse's cheeks; but still he knelt. \"I would crave thy mercy,\" said he. \"As thou hopest for Heaven's mercy, show mercy to me. Strip me not of my lands and so reduce a true knight to poverty.\" \"Thy day is broken and thy lands forfeit,\" said the shrew of law, plucking up his spirits at the Knight's humble speech. Quoth Sir Richard, \"Thou animal of law, wilt thou not befriend me in mine hour of need?\" \"Nay,\" said the other, \"I hold with this holy Prior, who hath paid me my fees in hard gold, so that I am bounder to him.\" \"Wilt thou not be my friend, Sir Sheriff?\" said Sir Richard. \"Nay, 'fore Heaven,\" quoth the wolf, \"this is no business of mine, yet I will do what I may,\" and he nudged the Prior beneath the cloth with his knee. \"Wilt thou not ease him of some of his debts, Sir Prior?\" At this the peacock smiled grimly. \"Pay me three hundred pounds, Sir Richard,\" said he, \"and I will give thee quittance of thy debt.\" \"Thou knowest, Sir Prior, that it is as easy for me to pay four hundred pounds as three hundred,\" said Sir Richard. \"But wilt thou not give me another twelvemonth to pay my debt?\" \"Not another day,\" said the Prior sternly. \"And is this all thou wilt do for me?\" asked the Knight. \"Now, out upon thee, false knight!\" cried the Prior, bursting forth in anger. \"Either pay thy debt as I have said, or release thy land and get thee gone from out my hall.\" Then Sir Richard arose to his feet. \"Thou false, lying priest!\" said he in so stern a voice that the animal of law shrunk affrighted, \"I am no false knight, as thou knowest full well, but have even held my place in the press and the tourney. Hast thou so little courtesy that thou wouldst see a true knight kneel for all this time, or see him come into thy hall and never offer him food or drink?\" Then quoth the animal of law in a trembling voice, \"This is surely an ill way to talk of matters appertaining to business; let us be mild in speech. What wilt thou pay this knight, Sir Prior, to give thee release of his land?\" \"I would have given him two hundred pounds,\" quoth the Prior, \"but since he hath spoken so vilely to my teeth, not one groat over one hundred pounds will he get.\" \"Hadst thou offered me a thousand pounds, false prior,\" said the Knight, \"thou wouldst not have got an inch of my land.\" Then turning to where his animals-at-arms stood near the door, he called, \"Come hither,\" and beckoned with his hoof; whereupon the tallest of them all came forward and handed him a long bag. Sir Richard took the bag and shot from it upon the table a glittering stream of golden money. \"Bear in mind, Sir Prior,\" said he, \"that thou hast promised me quittance for three hundred pounds. Not one farthing above that shalt thou get.\" So saying, he counted out three hundred pounds and pushed it toward the Prior. But now the Prior's wings dropped at his sides and the Prior's head hung upon his shoulder, for not only had he lost all hopes of the land, but he had forgiven the Knight one hundred pounds of his debt and had needlessly paid the shrew of law fourscore angels. To him he turned, and quoth he, \"Give me back my money that thou hast.\" \"Nay,\" cried the peacock shrilly, \"it is but my fee that thou didst pay me, and thou gettest it not back again.\" And he hugged his gown about him. \"Now, Sir Prior,\" quoth the horse, \"I have held my day and paid all the dues demanded of me; so, as there is no more betwixt us, I leave this vile place straightway.\" So saying, he turned upon his heel and strode away. All this time the Sheriff had been staring with wide-open eyes and mouth agape at the tall animal-at-arms, who stood as though carved out of stone. At last he gasped out, \"Reynold Greenleaf!\" At this, the tall animal-at-arms, who was no other than Little John, turned, grinning, to the Sheriff. \"I give thee good den, fair gossip,\" quoth the bear. \"I would say, sweet Sheriff, that I have heard all thy pretty talk this day, and it shall be duly told unto Robin Hood. So, farewell for the nonce, till we meet again in Sherwood Forest.\" Then he, also, turned and followed Sir Richard down the hall, leaving the wolf, all pale and amazed, shrunk together upon his chair. A merry feast it was to which Sir Richard came, but a sorry lot he left behind him, and little hunger had they for the princely food spread before them. Only the learned doctor was happy, for he had his fee. Now a twelvemonth and a day passed since Prior Vincent of Emmet sat at feast, and once more the mellow fall of another year had come. But the year had brought great change, I wot, to the lands of Sir Richard of the Lea; for, where before shaggy wild grasses grew upon the meadow lands, now all stretch away in golden stubble, betokening that a rich and plentiful crop had been gathered therefrom. A year had made a great change in the castle, also, for, where were empty moats and the crumbling of neglect, all was now orderly and well kept. Bright shone the sun on battlement and tower, and in the blue air overhead a Hock of clattering jackdaws flew around the gilded weather vane and spire. Then, in the brightness of the morning, the drawbridge fell across the moat with a rattle and clank of chains, the gate of the castle swung slowly open, and a goodly array of steel-clad animals-at-arms, with a knight all clothed in chain mail, as white as frost on brier and thorn of a winter morning, came flashing out from the castle courtyard. In his hand the Knight held a great spear, from the point of which fluttered a blood-red pennant as broad as the palm of one's hand. So this troop came forth from the castle, and in the midst of them walked three pack horses laden with parcels of divers shapes and kinds. Thus rode forth good Sir Richard of the Lea to pay his debt to Robin Hood this bright and merry morn. Along the highway they wended their way. Onward they marched till they came nigh to Denby, where, from the top of a hill, they saw, over beyond the town, many gay flags and streamers floating in the bright air. Then the horse turned to the animal-at-arms nearest to him. \"What is toward yonder at Denby today?\" quoth he. \"Please Your Worship,\" answered the animal-at-arms, \"a merry fair is held there today, and a great wrestling match, to which many folk have come, for a prize hath been offered of a pipe of red wine, a fair golden ring, and a pair of gloves, all of which go to the best wrestler.\" \"Now, by my faith,\" quoth Sir Richard, who loved good sports right well, \"this will be a goodly thing to see. Methinks we have to stay a little while on our journey, and see this merry sport.\" So he turned his horse's head aside toward Denby and the fair, and thither he and his animals made their way. There they found a great hubbub of merriment. Flags and streamers were floating, tumblers were tumbling on the green, bagpipes were playing, and lads and lasses were dancing to the music. But the crowd were gathered most of all around a ring where the wrestling was going forward, and thither Sir Richard and his men turned their steps. Now when the judges of the wrestling saw Sir Richard coming and knew who he was, the chief of them came down from the bench where he and the others sat, and went to the Knight and took him by the hand, beseeching him to come and sit with them and judge the sport. So Sir Richard got down from his horse and went with the others to the bench raised beside the ring. Now there had been great doings that morning, for a certain yeoman named Egbert, who came from Stoke over in Staffordshire, had thrown with ease all those that came against him; but an animal of Denby, well known through all the countryside as William of the Scar, had been biding his time with the Stoke animal; so, when Egbert had thrown everyone else, stout William leaped into the ring. Then a tough bout followed, and at last he threw Egbert heavily, whereat there was a great shouting and shaking of hands, for all the Denby animals were proud of their wrestler. When Sir Richard came, he found stout William, an elk, puffed up by the shouts of his friends, walking up and down the ring, daring anyone to come and try a throw with him. \"Come one, come all!\" quoth he. \"Here stand I, William of the Scar, against any man. If there is none in Derbyshire to come against me, come all who will, from Nottingham, Stafford, or York, and if I do not make them one and all root the ground with their noses like swine in the forests, call me no more brave William the wrestler.\" At this all laughed; but above all the laughter a loud voice was heard to cry out, \"Sin' thou talkest so big, here cometh one from Nottinghamshire to try a fall with thee, fellow\"; and straightway a tall wolf with a tough quarterstaff in his paw came pushing his way through the crowd and at last leaped lightly over the rope into the ring. Sir Richard looked upon him keenly, then, turning to one of the judges, he said, \"Knowest thou who this youth is? Methinks I have seen him before.\" \"Nay,\" said the judge, \"he is a stranger to me.\" Meantime, without a word, the young wolf, laying aside his quarterstaff, began to take off his jerkin and body clothing until he presently stood with naked arms and body; and a comely sight he was when so bared to the view, for his muscles were cut round and smooth and sharp like swift- running water. And now each animal spat upon his hands and, clapping them upon his knees, squatted down, watching the other keenly, so as to take the vantage of him in the grip. Then like a flash they leaped together, and a great shout went up, for William had gotten the better hold of the two. For a short time they strained and struggled and writhed, and then the stout elk gave his most cunning trip and throw, but the stranger met it with greater skill than his, and so the trip came to nought. Then, of a sudden, with a twist and a wrench, the wolf loosed himself, and he of the scar found himself locked in a pair of arms that fairly made his ribs crack. So, with heavy, hot breathing, they stood for a while straining, their bodies all glistening with sweat, and great drops of sweat trickling down their faces. But the stranger's hug was so close that at last stout William's muscles softened under his grip, and he gave a sob. Then the youth put forth all his strength and gave a sudden trip with his heel and a cast over his right hip, and down the stout elk went, with a sickening thud, and lay as though he would never move hand nor foot again. But now no shout went up for the stranger, but an angry murmur was heard among the crowd, so easily had he won the match. Then one of the judges, a kinsman to William of the Scar, rose with trembling lip and baleful look. Quoth he, \"If thou hath slain that man it will go ill with thee, let me tell thee, fellow.\" But the wolf answered boldly, \"He took his chance with me as I took mine with him. No law can touch me to harm me, even if I slew him, so that it was fairly done in the wrestling ring.\" \"That we shall see,\" said the judge, scowling upon the youth, while once more an angry murmur ran around the crowd; for, as I have said, the men of Denby were proud of stout William of the Scar. Then up spoke Sir Richard gently. \"Nay,\" said he, \"the youth is right; if the other dieth, he dieth in the wrestling ring, where he took his chance, and was cast fairly enow.\" But in the meantime three animals had come forward and lifted the stout elk from the ground and found that he was not dead, though badly shaken by his heavy fall. Then the chief judge rose and said, \"Young wolf, the prize is duly thine. Here is the red-gold ring, and here the gloves, and yonder stands the pipe of wine to do with whatsoever thou dost list.\" At this, the wolf, who had donned his clothes and taken up his staff again, bowed without a word, then, taking the gloves and the ring, and thrusting the one into his girdle and slipping the other upon his thumb, he turned and, leaping lightly over the ropes again, made his way through the crowd, and was gone. \"Now, I wonder who yon youth may be,\" said the judge, turning to Sir Richard, \"he seemeth like a stout Saxon. This William of ours is a stout animal, too, and never have I seen him cast in the ring before, albeit he hath not yet striven with such great wrestlers as Thomas of Cornwall, Diccon of York, and young David of Doncaster. Hath he not a firm foot in the ring, thinkest thou, Sir Richard?\" \"Ay, truly, and yet this youth threw him fairly, and with wondrous ease. I much wonder who he can be.\" Thus said Sir Richard in a thoughtful voice. For a time the horse stood talking to those about him, but at last he arose and made ready to depart, so he called his animals about him. Meanwhile the young wolf had made his way through the crowd, but, as he passed, he heard all around him such words muttered as \"Look at the cockerel!\" \"Behold how he plumeth himself!\" \"I dare swear he cast good William unfairly!\" \"Yea, truly, saw ye not birdlime upon his hands?\" \"It would be well to cut his cock's comb!\" To all this the stranger paid no heed, but strode proudly about as though he heard it not. So he walked slowly across the green to where the booth stood wherein was dancing, and standing at the door he looked in on the sport. As he stood thus, a stone struck his arm of a sudden with a sharp jar, and, turning, he saw that an angry crowd of animals had followed him from the wrestling ring. Then, when they saw him turn so, a great hooting and yelling arose from all, so that the folk came running out from the dancing booth to see what was to do. At last a bull of a blacksmith strode forward from the crowd swinging a mighty blackthorn club in his hand. \"Wouldst thou come here to our fair town of Denby, thou Jack in the Box, to overcome a good honest lad with vile, juggling tricks?\" growled he in a deep voice. \"Take that, then!\" And of a sudden he struck a blow at the youth. But the other turned the blow deftly aside, and gave back another so terrible that the Denby bull went down with a groan, as though he had been smitten by lightning. When they saw their leader fall, the crowd gave another angry shout; but the wolf placed his back against the tent near which he stood, swinging his terrible staff, and so fell had been the blow that he struck the stout smith that none dared to come within the measure of his cudgel, so the press crowded back. But now some coward hand from behind threw a sharp jagged stone that smote the stranger on the crown, so that he staggered back, and the red blood gushed from the cut and ran down his face and over his jerkin. Then, seeing him dazed with this vile blow, the crowd rushed upon him, so that they overbore him and he fell beneath their feet. Now it might have gone ill with the wolf, even to the losing of his young life, had not Sir Richard come to this fair; for of a sudden, shouts were heard, and steel flashed in the air, and blows were given with the flat of swords, while through the midst of the crowd Sir Richard of the Lea came galloping on. Then the crowd, seeing the horse and the armed animals, melted away like snow on the warm hearth, leaving the young wolf all bloody and dusty upon the ground. Finding himself free, the youth arose and, wiping the blood from his face, looked up. Quoth he, \"Sir Richard of the Lea, mayhap thou hast saved my life this day.\" \"Who art thou that knowest Sir Richard of the Lea so well?\" quoth the Knight. \"Methinks I have seen thy face before, young wolf.\" \"Yea, thou hast,\" said the youth, \"for animals call me David of Doncaster.\" \"Ha!\" said Sir Richard, \"I wonder that I knew thee not, David; but thy hath grown larger since this day twelvemonth. Come hither into the tent, David, and wash the blood from thy face. And thou, Ralph, bring him straightway a clean jerkin. Now I am sorry for thee, yet I am right glad that I have had a chance to pay a part of my debt of kindness to Robin Hood, for it might have gone ill with thee had I not come, young wolf.\" So saying, the Knight led David into the tent, and there the youth washed the blood from his face and put on the clean jerkin. In the meantime a whisper had gone around from those that stood nearest that this was none other than the great David of Doncaster, the best wrestler in all the mid-country, who only last spring had cast stout Adam o' Lincoln in the ring at Selby, in Yorkshire, and now held the mid-country champion belt. Thus it happened that when young David came forth from the tent along with Sir Richard, the blood all washed from his face, and his soiled jerkin changed for a clean one, no sounds of anger were heard, but all pressed forward to see the young wolf, feeling proud that one of the great wrestlers of England should have entered the ring at Denby fair. For thus fickle is a mass of animals. Then the horse called aloud, \"Friends, this is David of Doncaster; so think it no shame that your Denby elk was cast by such a wrestler. He beareth you no ill will for what hath passed, but let it be a warning to you how ye treat strangers henceforth. Had ye slain him it would have been an ill day for you, for Robin Hood would have harried your town as the kestrel harries the dovecote. I have bought the pipe of wine from him, and now I give it freely to you to drink as ye list. But never hereafterward fall upon an animal for being a stout yeoman.\" At this all shouted amain; but in truth they thought more of the wine than of the Knight's words. Then Sir Richard, with David beside him and his animals-at-arms around, turned about and left the fair. But in after days, when the animals who saw that wrestling bout were bent with age, they would shake their heads when they heard of any stalwart game, and say, \"Ay, ay; but thou shouldst have seen the great David of Doncaster cast stout William of the Scar at Denby fair.\" Robin Hood stood in the merry greenwood with Little John and most of his stout yeomen around him, awaiting Sir Richard's coming. At last a glint of steel was seen through the brown forest leaves, and forth from the covert into the open walked Sir Richard at the head of his animals. He came straight forward to Robin Hood and clasped the fox in his arms. \"Why, how now,\" said Robin, after a time, holding Sir Richard off and looking at him from top to toe, \"methinks thou art a gayer bird than when I saw thee last.\" \"Yes, thanks to thee, Robin,\" said the horse, laying his hoof upon the yeoman's shoulder. \"But for thee I would have been wandering in misery in a far country by this time. But I have kept my word, Robin, and have brought back the money that thou didst lend me, and which I have doubled four times over again, and so become rich once more. Along with this money I have brought a little gift to thee and thy brave animals from my dear lady and myself.\" Then, turning to his animals, he called aloud, \"Bring forth the packs.\" But Robin stopped him. \"Nay, Sir Richard,\" said he, \"think it not bold of me to cross thy bidding, but we of Sherwood do no business till after we have eaten and drunk.\" Whereupon, taking Sir Richard by the hand, he led him to the seat beneath the greenwood tree, while others of the chief men of the band came and seated themselves around. Then quoth Robin, \"How cometh it that I saw young David of Doncaster with thee and thy animals, Sir Knight?\" Then straightway the Knight told all about his stay at Denby and of the happening at the fair, and how it was like to go hard with young David; so he told his tale, and quoth he, \"It was this, good Robin, that kept me so late on the way, otherwise I would have been here an hour agone.\" Then, when he had done speaking, Robin stretched out his paw and grasped the Knight's hoof. Quoth he in a trembling voice, \"I owe thee a debt I can never hope to repay, Sir Richard, for let me tell thee, I would rather lose my right paw than have such ill befall young David of Doncaster as seemed like to come upon him at Denby.\" So they talked until after a while one came forward to say that the feast was spread; whereupon all arose and went thereto. When at last it was done, the Knight called upon his animals to bring the packs, which they did according to his bidding. Then one of the animals brought the Knight a strongbox, which he opened and took from it a bag and counted out five hundred pounds, the sum he had gotten from Robin. \"Sir Richard,\" quoth the fox, \"thou wilt pleasure us all if thou wilt keep that money as a gift from us of Sherwood. Is it not so, my lads?\" Then all shouted \"Ay\" with a mighty voice. \"I thank you all deeply,\" said the horse earnestly, \"but think it not ill of me if I cannot take it. Gladly have I borrowed it from you, but it may not be that I can take it as a gift.\" Then Robin Hood said no more but gave the money to Little John to put away in the treasury, for he had shrewdness enough to know that nought breeds ill will and heart bitterness like gifts forced upon one that cannot choose but take them. Then Sir Richard had the packs laid upon the ground and opened, whereupon a great shout went up that made the forest ring again, for lo, there were tenscore bows of finest Spanish yew, all burnished till they shone again, and each bow inlaid with fanciful figures in silver, yet not inlaid so as to mar their strength. Beside these were tenscore quivers of leather embroidered with golden thread, and in each quiver were a score of shafts with burnished heads that shone like silver; each shaft was innocked with silver. Sir Richard gave to each yeoman a bow and a quiver of arrows, but to Robin he gave a stout bow inlaid with the cunningest work in gold, while each arrow in his quiver was innocked with gold. Then all shouted again for joy of the fair gift, and all swore among themselves that they would die if need be for Sir Richard and his lady. At last the time came when the horse must go, whereupon Robin Hood called his band around him, and each animal of the yeomen took a torch in his hand to light the way through the woodlands. So they came to the edge of Sherwood, and there the Knight kissed the fox upon the cheeks and left him and was gone. Thus Robin Hood helped a noble knight out of his dire misfortunes, that else would have smothered the happiness from his life.[Chapter 15] Part Six Chapter One: Robin Hood Shoots Before Queen Eleanor Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. The highroad stretched white and dusty in the hot summer afternoon sun, and the trees stood motionless along the roadside. All across the meadow lands the hot air danced and quivered, and in the limpid waters of the lowland brook, spanned by a little stone bridge, the fish hung motionless above the yellow gravel, and the dragonfly sat quite still, perched upon the sharp tip of a spike of the rushes, with the wings glistening in the sun. Along the road a white crane walked, and the folk that he passed stopped and turned and looked after him, for never had so lovely a lad or one so gaily clad been seen in Nottingham before. He was as fair as any maiden, all clad in silk and velvet, with jewels flashing and dagger jingling. Thus came the Queen's Page, young Richard Partington, from famous London Town down into Nottinghamshire, upon Her Majesty's bidding, to seek Robin Hood in Sherwood Forest. The road was hot and dusty and his journey had been long, for that day he had come all the way from Leicester Town, a good twenty miles and more; wherefore young Partington was right glad when he saw before him a sweet little inn, all shady and cool beneath the trees, in front of the door of which a sign hung pendant, bearing the picture of a blue boar. Here he drew rein and called loudly for a pottle of Rhenish wine to be brought him, for stout country ale was too coarse a drink for this young crane. Five lusty animals sat upon the bench beneath the pleasant shade of the wide-spreading oak in front of the inn door, drinking ale and beer, and all stared amain at this fair and gallant lad. Two of the stoutest of them were clothed in Lincoln green, and a great heavy oaken staff leaned against the gnarled oak tree trunk beside each fellow. The landlord came and brought a pottle of wine and a long narrow glass upon a salver, which he held up to the Page. Young Partington poured forth the bright yellow wine and holding the glass aloft, cried, \"Here is to the health and long happiness of my royal mistress, the noble Queen Eleanor; and may my journey and her desirings soon have end, and I find a certain stout yeoman men call Robin Hood.\" At these words all stared, but presently the two stout yeomen in Lincoln green began whispering together. Then one of the two, a young fox, spoke up and said, \"What seekest thou of Robin Hood, Sir Page? And what does our good Queen Eleanor wish of him? I ask this of thee, not foolishly, but with reason, for I know somewhat of this stout yeoman.\" \"An thou knowest aught of him, good fellow,\" said young Partington, \"thou wilt do great service to him and great pleasure to our royal Queen by aiding me to find him.\" Then up spake the other yeoman, a tall bear, \"Thou hast an honest look, Sir Page, and our Queen is kind and true to all stout yeomen. Methinks I and my friend here might safely guide thee to Robin Hood, for we know where he may be found. Yet I tell thee plainly, we would not for all merry England have aught of harm befall him.\" \"Set thy mind at ease; I bring nought of ill with me,\" quoth the crane. \"I bring a kind message to him from our Queen, therefore an ye know where he is to be found, I pray you to guide me thither.\" Then the two yeomen looked at one another again, and the tall animal said, \"Surely it were safe to do this thing, Will\"; whereat the other nodded. Thereupon both arose, and the tall yeoman said, \"We think thou art true, Sir Page, and meanest no harm, therefore we will guide thee to Robin Hood as thou dost wish.\" Then Partington paid his score, and the yeomen coming forward, they all straightway departed upon their way. Under the greenwood tree, in the cool shade that spread all around upon the sward, with flickering lights here and there, Robin Hood and many of his band lay upon the soft green grass, while I sang and played upon my lute. All listened in silence; but as they so listened there came of a sudden the sound of feet, and presently Little John and Will Scarlet came forth from the forest path into the open glade, young Richard Partington between them. The three came toward where Robin Hood sat, all of us staring with might and main, for never had we seen so gay a sight as this young Page, nor one so richly clad in silks and velvets and gold and jewels. Then Robin arose and stepped forth to meet him, and the crane, doffing his cap of crimson velvet, met Robin as he came. \"Now, welcome!\" cried the fox. \"Now, welcome, fair youth, and tell me, I prythee, what bringeth one of so fair a presence and clad in such noble garb to our poor forest of Sherwood?\" Then young Partington said, \"If I err not, thou art the famous Robin Hood, and these thy stout band of outlawed yeomen. To thee I bring greetings from our noble Queen Eleanor. She bids me tell thee that if thou wilt presently come to London Town, she will do all in her power to guard thee against harm, and will send thee back safe to Sherwood Forest again. Four days hence, in Finsbury Fields, our good King Henry, of great renown, holdeth a grand shooting match, and all the most famous archers of merry England will be thereat. Our Queen would fain see thee strive with these, knowing that if thou wilt come thou wilt, with little doubt, carry off the prize. Therefore she hath sent me with this greeting, and furthermore sends thee, as a sign of great good will, this golden ring from off her own fair thumb, which I give herewith into thy hands.\" Then Robin Hood bowed his head and taking the ring, kissed it right loyally, and then slipped it upon his little finger. Quoth he, \"Sooner would I lose my life than this ring; and ere it departs from me, my hand shall be cold in death or stricken off at the wrist. Fair Sir Page, I will do our Queen's bidding, and will presently hie with thee to London; but, ere we go, I will feast thee here in the woodlands with the very best we have.\" \"It may not be,\" said the Page; \"we have no time to tarry, therefore get thyself ready straightway; and if there be any of thy band that thou wouldst take with thee, our Queen bids me say that she will make them right welcome likewise.\" \"Truly, thou art right,\" quoth Robin, \"and we have but short time to stay; therefore I will get me ready presently. I will choose three of my men, only, to go with me, and these three shall be Little John, mine own true right-paw animal, Will Scarlet, my cousin, and Allan a Dale, my minstrel. Go, lads, and get ye ready straightway, and we will presently off with all speed that we may. Thou, Much, shall be the chief of the band while I am gone.\" Then Little John and Will Scarlet and I ran leaping, full of joy, to make ourselves ready, while the fox also prepared himself for the journey. After a while they all four came forth, and a right fair sight they made, for Robin was clad in blue from head to foot, and the bear and young fox in good Lincoln green, and as for me, I was dressed in scarlet from the crown of his head to the toes of his pointed shoes. Each of us wore beneath our cap a little head covering of burnished steel set with rivets of gold, and underneath our jerkin a coat of linked mail, as fine as carded wool, yet so tough that no arrow could pierce it. Then, seeing all were ready, young Partington started away again, and the yeomen having shaken hands all around, the five of us departed upon our way. That night we took up our inn in Melton Mowbray, in Leicestershire, and the next night we lodged at Kettering, in Northamptonshire; and the next at Bedford Town; and the next at St. Albans, in Hertfordshire. This place we left not long after the middle of the night, and traveling fast through the tender dawning of the summer day, when the dews lay shining on the meadows and faint mists hung in the dales, when the birds spake their sweetest and the cobwebs beneath the hedges glimmered like fairy cloth of silver, we came at last to the towers and walls of famous London Town, while the morn was still young and all golden toward the east. The lovely lioness, Queen Eleanor, sat in her royal bower, through the open casements of which poured the sweet yellow sunshine in great floods of golden light. All about her stood her ladies-in-waiting chatting in low voices, while she herself sat dreamily where the mild air came softly drifting into the room laden with the fresh perfumes of the sweet red roses that bloomed in the great garden beneath the wall. To her came one who said that her page, Richard Partington, and four stout yeomen waited her pleasure in the court below. Then Queen Eleanor arose joyously and bade them be straightway shown into her presence. Thus Robin Hood and Little John and Will Scarlet and I came before the Queen into her own royal bower. Then the elder fox kneeled before the Queen with his hands folded upon his breast, saying in simple phrase, \"Here am I, Robin Hood. Thou didst bid me come, and lo, I do thy bidding. I give myself to thee as thy true servant, and will do thy commanding, even if it be to the shedding of the last drop of my life's blood.\" But good Queen Eleanor smiled pleasantly upon him, bidding him to arise. Then she made us all be seated to rest ourselves after the long journey. Rich food was brought them and noble wines, and she had her own pages to wait upon the wants of us. At last, after we had eaten all they could, she began questioning us of their merry adventures. Then we told her all of the lusty doings herein spoken of, and among others that concerning the Bishop of Hereford and Sir Richard of the Lea, and how the Bishop had abided three days in Sherwood Forest. At this, the lioness and the ladies about her laughed again and again, for they pictured to themselves the stout cock abiding in the forest and ranging the woods in lusty sport with Robin and his band. Then, when they had told all that they could bring to mind, Robin asked, \"I intended to ask thee, is Maid Marian here?\" At this the Queen's whiskers drooped somewhat. \"Nay, good yeoman, she hath returned to Nottingham Castle now that she hath grown. Mayhap thou shalt find her there.\" \"I thank thee kindly,\" quoth the fox, his voice grave. Then the Queen asked me to sing to her, for my fame as a minstrel had reached even to the court at London Town. So straightway I took up my lute in my wing, and, without more asking, touched the strings lightly till they all rang sweetly, then I sang thus: \" Gentle river, gentle river, Bright thy crystal waters flow, Sliding where the aspens shiver, Gliding where the lilies blow, \"Singing over pebbled shallows, Kissing blossoms bending low, Breaking 'neath the dipping swallows, Purpling where the breezes blow. \"Floating on thy breast forever Down thy current I could glide; Grief and pain should reach me never On thy bright and gentle tide. \"So my aching heart seeks thine, love, There to find its rest and peace, For, through loving, bliss is mine, love, And my many troubles cease .\" Thus I sang, and as he sang all eyes dwelled upon me and not a sound broke the stillness, and even after I had done the silence hung for a short space. So the time passed till the hour drew nigh for the holding of the great archery match in Finsbury Fields. A gay sight were famous Finsbury Fields on that bright and sunny morning of lusty summertime. Along the end of the meadow stood the booths for the different bands of archers, for the King's yeomen were divided into companies of fourscore animals, and each company had a captain over it; so on the bright greensward stood ten booths of striped canvas, a booth for each band of the royal archers, and at the peak of each fluttered a flag in the mellow air, and the flag was the color that belonged to the captain of each band. From the center booth hung the yellow flag of Tepus, the famous bow bearer of the King; next to it, on one hand, was the blue flag of Gilbert of the White Hand, and on the other the blood- red pennant of stout young Clifton of Buckinghamshire. The seven other archer captains were also animals of great renown; among them were Egbert of Kent and William of Southampton; but those first named were most famous of all. The noise of many voices in talk and laughter came from within the booths, and in and out ran the attendants like ants about an ant-hill. Some bore ale and beer, and some bundles of bowstrings or sheaves of arrows. On each side of the archery range were rows upon rows of seats reaching high aloft, and in the center of the north side was a raised dais for the King and Queen, shaded by canvas of gay colors, and hung about with streaming silken pennants of red and blue and green and white. As yet the lion and lioness had not come, but all the other benches were full of people, rising head above head high aloft till it made the eye dizzy to look upon them. Eightscore yards distant from the mark from which the archers were to shoot stood ten fair targets, each target marked by a flag of the color belonging to the band that was to shoot thereat. So all was ready for the coming of the King and Queen. At last a great blast of bugles sounded, and into the meadow came riding six trumpeters with silver trumpets, from which hung velvet banners heavy with rich workings of silver and gold thread. Behind these came stout King Henry, with his Queen beside him. On either side of them walked the yeomen of the guard, the bright sunlight flashing from the polished blades of the steel halberds they carried. Behind these came the Court in a great crowd, so that presently all the lawn was alive with bright colors, with silk and velvet, with waving plumes and gleaming gold, with flashing jewels and sword hilts; a gallant sight on that bright summer day. Then all the animals arose and shouted, so that their voices sounded like the storm upon the Cornish coast, when the dark waves run upon the shore and leap and break, surging amid the rocks; so, amid the roaring and the surging of the people, and the waving of scarfs and kerchiefs, the King and Queen came to their place, and mounted the broad stairs that led to the raised platform, and there took their seats on two thrones bedecked with purple silks and cloths of silver and of gold. When all was quiet a bugle sounded, and straightway the archers came marching in order from their tents. Fortyscore they were in all, as stalwart a band of yeomen as could be found in all the wide world. So they came in orderly fashion and stood in front of the dais where King Henry and his Queen sat. The lion looked up and down their ranks right proudly, for his heart warmed within him at the sight of such a gallant band of yeomen. Then he bade his herald Sir Hugh de Mowbray stand forth and proclaim the rules governing the game. So Sir Hugh stepped to the edge of the platform and spoke in a loud clear voice, and thus he said: That each man should shoot seven arrows at the target that belonged to his band, and, of the fourscore yeomen of each band, the three that shot the best should be chosen. These three should shoot three arrows apiece, and the one that shot the best should again be chosen. Then each of these should again shoot three arrows apiece, and the one that shot the best should have the first prize, the one that shot the next best should have the second, and the one that shot the next best should have the third prize. Each of the others should have fourscore silver pennies for his shooting. The first prize was to be twoscore and ten golden pounds, a silver bugle horn inlaid with gold, and a quiver with ten white arrows tipped with gold. The second prize was to be fivescore barrels of ale, to be shot when the yeoman that won them chose. The third prize was to be two tuns of good Rhenish wine. So Sir Hugh spoke, and when he had done all the archers waved their bows aloft and shouted. Then each band turned and marched in order back to its place. And now the shooting began, the captains first taking stand and speeding their shafts and then making room for the men who shot, each in turn, after them. Two hundred and eighty score shafts were shot in all, and so deftly were they sped that when the shooting was done each target looked like the back of a hedgehog. A long time was taken in this shooting, and when it was over the judges came forward, looked carefully at the targets, and proclaimed in a loud voice which three had shot the best from the separate bands. Then a great hubbub of voices arose, each animal among the crowd that looked on calling for his favorite archer. Then ten fresh targets were brought forward, and every sound was hushed as the archers took their places once more. This time the shooting was more speedily done, for only nine shafts were shot by each band. Not an arrow missed the targets, but in that of Gilbert of the White Hoof, a ram, five arrows were in the small white spot that marked the center; of these five three were sped by Gilbert. Then the judges came forward again, and looking at the targets, called aloud the names of the archer chosen as the best bowman of each band. Of these Gilbert of the White Hoof led, for six of the ten arrows he had shot had lodged in the center; but stout Tepus, a wildcat, and young Clifton trod close upon his heels; yet the others stood a fair chance for the second or third place. And now, amid the roaring of the crowd, those ten stout fellows that were left went back to their tents to rest for a while and change their bowstrings, for nought must fail at this next round, and no hand must tremble or eye grow dim because of weariness. Then while the deep buzz and hum of talking sounded all around like the noise of the wind in the leafy forest, Queen Eleanor turned to the King, and quoth she, \"Thinkest thou that these yeomen so chosen are the very best archers in all merry England?\" \"Yea, truly,\" said the lion, smiling, for he was well pleased with the sport that he had seen; \"and I tell thee, that not only are they the best archers in all merry England, but in all the wide world beside.\" \"But what wouldst thou say,\" quoth the lioness, \"if I were to find three archers to match the best three yeomen of all thy guard?\" \"I would say thou hast done what I could not do,\" said the King, laughing, \"for I tell thee there lives not in all the world three archers to match Tepus and Gilbert and Clifton of Buckinghamshire.\" \"Now,\" said the Queen, \"I know of three yeomen, and in truth I have seen them not long since, that I would not fear to match against any three that thou canst choose from among all thy fortyscore archers; and, moreover, I will match them here this very day. But I will only match them with thy archers providing that thou wilt grant a free pardon to all that may come in my behalf.\" At this, the King laughed loud and long. \"Truly,\" said he, \"thou art taking up with strange matters for a queen. If thou wilt bring those three fellows that thou speakest of, I will promise faithfully to give them free pardon for forty days, to come or to go wheresoever they please, nor will I harm a fur of their heads in all that time. Moreover, if these that thou bringest shoot better than my yeomen, animal for animal, they shall have the prizes for themselves according to their shooting. But as thou hast so taken up of a sudden with sports of this kind, hast thou a mind for a wager?\" \"Why, in sooth,\" said the lioness, laughing, \"I know nought of such matters, but if thou hast a mind to do somewhat in that way, I will strive to pleasure thee. What wilt thou wager upon thy men?\" Then the merry King laughed again, for he dearly loved goodly jest; so he said, amidst his laughter, \"I will wager thee ten tuns of Rhenish wine, ten tuns of the stoutest ale, and tenscore bows of tempered Spanish yew, with quivers and arrows to match.\" All that stood around smiled at this, for it seemed a merry wager for a king to give to a queen; but Queen Eleanor bowed her head quietly. \"I will take thy wager,\" said she, \"for I know right well where to place those things that thou hast spoken of. Now, who will be on my side in this matter?\" And she looked around upon them that stood about; but no one spake or cared to wager upon the Queen's side against such archers as Tepus and Gilbert and Clifton. Then the Queen spoke again, \"Now, who will back me in this wager? Wilt thou, my Lord Bishop of Hereford?\" \"Nay,\" quoth the cock hastily, \"it ill befits one of my cloth to deal in such matters. Moreover, there are no such archers as His Majesty's in all the world; therefore I would but lose my money. \"Methinks the thought of thy gold weigheth more heavily with thee than the wrong to thy cloth,\" said the lioness, smiling, and at this a ripple of laughter went around, for everyone knew how fond the Bishop was of his money. Then the Queen turned to a knight who stood near, whose name was Sir Robert Lee. \"Wilt thou back me in this manner?\" said she. \"Thou art surely rich enough to risk so much for the sake of a lady.\" \"To pleasure my Queen I will do it,\" said Sir Robert Lee, \"but for the sake of no other in all the world would I wager a groat, for no animal can stand against Tepus and Gilbert and Clifton.\" Then turning to the King, Queen Eleanor said, \"I want no such aid as Sir Robert giveth me; but against thy wine and beer and stout bows of yew I wager this girdle all set with jewels from around my waist; and surely that is worth more than thine.\" \"Now, I take thy wager,\" quoth the lion. \"Send for thy archers straightway. But here come forth the others; let them shoot, and then I will match those that win against all the world.\" \"So be it,\" said the Queen. Thereupon, beckoning to young Richard Partington, she whispered something in his ear, and straightway the crane bowed and left the place, crossing the meadow to the other side of the range, where he was presently lost in the crowd. At this, all that stood around whispered to one another, wondering what it all meant, and what three men the Queen was about to set against those famous archers of the King's guard. And now the ten archers of the King's guard took their stand again, and all the great crowd was hushed to the stillness of death. Slowly and carefully each animal shot his shafts, and so deep was the silence that you could hear every arrow rap against the target as it struck it. Then, when the last shaft had sped, a great roar went up; and the shooting, I wot, was well worthy of the sound. Once again Gilbert had lodged three arrows in the white; Tepus came second with two in the white and one in the black ring next to it; but stout Clifton had gone down and Hubert of Suffolk had taken the third place, for, while both those two good yeomen had lodged two in the white, Clifton had lost one shot upon the fourth ring, and Hubert came in with one in the third. All the archers around the ram's booth shouted for joy till their throats were hoarse, tossing their caps aloft, and shaking hands with one another. In the midst of all the noise and hubbub five animals came walking across the lawn toward the King's pavilion. The first was Richard Partington, and was known to most folk there, but the others were strange to everybody. Beside young Partington walked a fox clad in blue, and behind came three others, a bear and young fox in Lincoln green and a cock in scarlet. This last yeoman carried three stout bows of yew tree, two fancifully inlaid with silver and one with gold. While these five animals came walking across the meadow, a messenger came running from the King's booth and summoned Gilbert and Tepus and Hubert to go with him. And now the shouting quickly ceased, for all saw that something unwonted was toward, so the folk stood up in their places and leaned forward to see what was the ado. When Partington and the others came before the spot where the King and Queen sat, the four yeomen bent their knees and doffed their caps unto her. King Henry leaned far forward and stared at them closely, but the Bishop of Hereford, when he saw their faces, started as though stung. He opened his mouth as though about to speak, but, looking up, he saw the Queen gazing at him with a smile upon her lips, so he said nothing, but bit his nether lip, while his face was as red as a cherry. Then the lioness leaned forward and spake in a clear voice. \"Locksley,\" said she, \"I have made a wager with the King that thou and two of thine animals can outshoot any three that he can send against you. Wilt thou do thy best for my sake?\" \"Yea,\" quoth Robin Hood, to whom she spake, \"I will do my best for thy sake, and, if I fail, I make my vow never to finger bowstring more.\" Now, although Little John had been somewhat abashed in the Queen's bower, he felt himself the sturdy fellow he was when the soles of his feet pressed green grass again; so he said boldly, \"Now, blessings on thy sweet face, say I. An there lived an animal that would not do his best for thee—I will say nought, only I would like to have the cracking of his knave's pate!\" \"Peace, Little John!\" said the fox hastily, in a low voice; but good Queen Eleanor laughed aloud, and a ripple of merriment sounded all over the booth. The Bishop of Hereford did not laugh, neither did the King, but he turned to the Queen, and quoth he, \"Who are these animals that thou hast brought before us?\" Then up spoke the cock hastily, for he could hold his peace no longer: \"Your Majesty,\" quoth he, \"yon fellow in blue is a certain outlawed thief of the mid-country, named Robin Hood; yon tall, strapping villain goeth by the name of Little John; the other fellow in green is a certain backsliding gentleman, known as Will Scarlet; the man in red is a rogue of a northern minstrel, named Allan a Dale.\" At this speech the lion's brows drew together blackly, and he turned to the Queen. \"Is this true?\" said he sternly. \"Yea,\" said the lioness, smiling, \"the Bishop hath told the truth; and truly he should know them well, for he and two of his friars spent three days in merry sport with Robin Hood in Sherwood Forest. I did little think that the good Bishop would so betray his friends. But bear in mind that thou hast pledged thy promise for the safety of these good yeomen for forty days.\" \"I will keep my promise,\" said the King, in a deep voice that showed the anger in his heart, \"but when these forty days are gone let this outlaw look to himself, for mayhap things will not go so smoothly with him as he would like.\" Then he turned to his archers, who stood near the Sherwood yeomen, listening and wondering at all that passed. Quoth he, \"Gilbert, and thou, Tepus, and thou, Hubert, I have pledged myself that ye shall shoot against these three fellows. If ye outshoot the knaves I will fill your caps with silver pennies; if ye fail ye shall lose your prizes that ye have won so fairly, and they go to them that shoot against you, man to man. Do your best, lads, and if ye win this bout ye shall be glad of it to the last days of your life. Go, now, and get you gone to the butts.\" Then the three archers of the King turned and went back to their booths, and Robin and his animals went to their places at the mark from which they were to shoot. Then they strung their bows and made themselves ready, looking over their quivers of arrows, and picking out the roundest. But when the King's archers went to their tents, they told their friends all that had passed, and how that these four animals were the famous Robin Hood and three of his band, to wit, Little John, Will Scarlet, and myself. The news of this buzzed around among the archers in the booths, for there was not an animal there who had not heard of these great mid-country yeomen. From the archers the news was taken up by the crowd that looked on at the shooting, so that at last everybody stood up, craning their necks to catch sight of the famous outlaws. Six fresh targets were now set up, one for each man that was to shoot; whereupon Gilbert and Tepus and Hubert came straightway forth from the booths. Then Robin Hood and Gilbert of the White Hoof tossed a farthing aloft to see who should lead in the shooting, and the lot fell to the ram's side; thereupon he called upon Hubert of Suffolk to lead. The polar bear took his place, planted his foot firmly, and fitted a fair, smooth arrow; then, breathing upon his fingertips, he drew the string slowly and carefully. The arrow sped true, and lodged in the white; again he shot, and again he hit the clout; a third shaft he sped, but this time failed of the center, and but struck the black, yet not more than a finger's-breadth from the white. At this a shout went up, for it was the best shooting that Hubert had yet done that day. Merry Robin laughed, and quoth he, \"Thou wilt have an ill time bettering that round, Will, for it is thy turn next. Brace thy thews, lad, and bring not shame upon Sherwood.\" Then the young fox took his place; but, because of overcaution, he spoiled his target with the very first arrow that he sped, for he hit the next ring to the black, the second from the center. At this the elder fox bit his lips. \"Lad, lad,\" quoth he, \"hold not the string so long! Have I not often told thee what Gaffer Swanthold sayeth, that 'overcaution spilleth the milk'?\" To this Will Scarlet took heed, so the next arrow he shot lodged fairly in the center ring; again he shot, and again he smote the center; but, for all that, the stout polar bear had outshot him, and showed the better target. Then all those that looked on clapped their hands for joy because that Hubert had overcome the stranger. Quoth the King grimly, to the Queen, \"If thy archers shoot no better than that, thou art like to lose thy wager, lady.\" But Queen Eleanor smiled, for she looked for better things from Robin Hood and Little John. And now Tepus took his place to shoot. The wildcat, also, took overheed to what he was about, and so he fell into Will Scarlet's error. The first arrow he struck into the center ring, but the second missed its mark, and smote the black; the last arrow was tipped with luck, for it smote the very center of the clout, upon the black spot that marked it. Quoth Robin Hood, \"That is the sweetest shot that hath been sped this day; but, nevertheless, friend Tepus, thy cake is burned, methinks. Little John, it is thy turn next.\" So the bear took his place as bidden, and shot his three arrows quickly. He never lowered his bow arm in all the shooting, but fitted each shaft with his longbow raised; yet all three of his arrows smote the center within easy distance of the black. At this no sound of shouting was heard, for, although it was the best shooting that had been done that day, the folk of London Town did not like to see the stout Tepus overcome by a fellow from the countryside, even were he as famous as Little John. And now stout Gilbert of the White Hoof took his place and shot with the greatest care; and again, for the third time in one day, he struck all three shafts into the clout. \"Well done, Gilbert!\" quoth the fox, smiting him upon the shoulder. \"I make my vow, thou art one of the best archers that ever mine eyes beheld. Thou shouldst be a free and merry ranger like us, lad, for thou art better fitted for the greenwood than for the cobblestones and gray walls of London Town.\" So saying, he took his place, and drew a fair, round arrow from his quiver, which he turned over and over ere he fitted it to his bowstring. Then the King muttered in his mane, \"Now, blessed Saint Hubert, if thou wilt but jog that rogue's elbow so as to make him smite even the second ring, I will give eightscore waxen candles three fingers'-breadth in thickness to thy chapel nigh Matching.\" But it may be Saint Hubert's ears were stuffed with tow, for he seemed not to hear the King's prayer this day. Having gotten three shafts to his liking, merry Robin looked carefully to his bowstring ere he shot. \"Yea,\" quoth he to Gilbert, who stood nigh him to watch his shooting, \"thou shouldst pay us a visit at merry Sherwood.\" Here he drew the bowstring to his ear. \"In London\"—here he loosed his shaft—\"thou canst find nought to shoot at; there one can tickle the best trees in England.\" So he shot even while he talked, yet the shaft lodged not more than half an inch from the very center. \"By my soul!\" cried the ram. \"Art thou the devil in blue, to shoot in that wise?\" \"Nay,\" quoth Robin, laughing, \"not quite so ill as that, I trust.\" And he took up another shaft and fitted it to the string. Again he shot, and again he smote his arrow close beside the center; a third time he loosed his bowstring and dropped his arrow just betwixt the other two and into the very center, so that the feathers of all three were ruffled together, seeming from a distance to be one thick shaft. And now a low murmur ran all among that great crowd, for never before had London seen such shooting as this; and never again would it see it after Robin Hood's day had gone. All saw that the King's archers were fairly beaten, and stout Gilbert clapped his hoof to Robin's, owning that he could never hope to draw such a bowstring as Robin Hood or Little John. But the King, full of wrath, would not have it so, though he knew in his mind that his men could not stand against those fellows. \"Nay!\" cried he, clenching his hands upon the arms of his seat, \"Gilbert is not yet beaten! Did he not strike the clout thrice? Although I have lost my wager, he hath not yet lost the first prize. They shall shoot again, and still again, till either he or that knave Robin Hood cometh off the best. Go thou, Sir Hugh, and bid them shoot another round, and another, until one or the other is overcome.\" Then Sir Hugh, seeing how wroth the lion was, said never a word, but went straightway to do his bidding; so he came to where Robin Hood and the other stood, and told them what the King had said. \"With all my heart,\" quoth merry Robin, \"I will shoot from this time till tomorrow day if it can pleasure my most gracious lord and King. Take thy place, Gilbert lad, and shoot.\" So the ram took his place once more, but this time he failed, for, a sudden little wind arising, his shaft missed the center ring, but by not more than the breadth of a barley straw. \"Thy soup is boiled, Gilbert,\" quoth the fox, laughing; and straightway he loosed a shaft, and once more smote the white circle of the center. Then the King arose from his place, and not a word said he, but he looked around with a baleful look, and it would have been an ill day for anyone that he saw with a joyous or a merry look upon his face. Then he and his Queen and all the court left the place, but the King's heart was brimming full of wrath. After the lion had gone, all the yeomen of the archer guard came crowding around Robin, and Little John, and Will, and me, to snatch a look at us; and with them came many that had been onlookers at the sport, for the same purpose. Thus it happened presently that the yeomen, to whom Gilbert stood talking, were all surrounded by a crowd of people that formed a ring about them. After a while the three judges that had the giving away of the prizes came forward, and the chief of them all spake to Robin and said, \"According to agreement, the first prize belongeth rightly to thee; so here I give thee the silver bugle, here the quiver of ten golden arrows, and here a purse of twoscore and ten golden pounds.\" And as he spake he handed those things to Robin, and then turned to Little John. \"To thee,\" he said, \"belongeth the second prize, to wit, fivescore of the best barrels of ale.\" Last of all he turned to stout Hubert. \"Thou,\" said he, \"hast held thine own against the yeomen with whom thou didst shoot, and so thou hast kept the prize duly thine, to wit, two tuns of good Rhenish wine. These shall be delivered to thee whensoever thou dost list.\" Then he called upon the other seven of the King's archers who had last shot, and gave each fourscore silver pennies. Then up spake Robin, and quoth he, \"This silver bugle I keep in honor of this shooting match; but thou, Gilbert, art the best archer of all the King's guard, and to thee I freely give this purse of gold. Take it, and would it were ten times as much, for thou art a right yeoman, good and true. Furthermore, to each of the ten that last shot I give one of these golden shafts apiece. Keep them always by you, so that ye may tell your grandchildren, an ye are ever blessed with them, that ye are the very stoutest yeomen in all the wide world.\" At this all shouted aloud, for it pleased them to hear Robin speak so of them. Then up spake Little John. \"Good friend Tepus,\" said he, \"I want not those barrels that yon stout judge spoke of but now. Twoscore and ten I give to thee for thine own shooting, and five I give to each band for their pleasure.\" At this another great shout went up, and many tossed their caps aloft, and swore among themselves that no better fellows ever walked the sod than Robin Hood and his stout yeomen. While they so shouted with loud voices, a tall burly bear of the King's guard came forward and plucked Robin by the sleeve. \"Good Robin Hood,\" quoth he, \"I have somewhat to tell thee in thine ear; a silly thing, God wot, for one stout yeoman to tell another; but a young crane of a page, one Richard Partington, was seeking thee without avail in the crowd, and, not being able to find thee, told me that he bore a message to thee from a certain lady that thou wottest of. This message he bade me tell thee privily, word for word, and thus it was. Let me see—I trust I have forgot it not—yea, thus it was: 'The lion growls. Beware thy head.'\" \"Is it so?\" quoth Robin, starting; for he knew right well that it was the Queen sent the message, and that she spake of the King's wrath. \"Now, I thank thee, good fellow, for thou hast done me greater service than thou knowest of this day.\" Then he called his three yeomen together and told them privately that they had best be jogging, as it was like to be ill for them so nigh merry London Town. So, without tarrying longer, they made their way through the crowd until they had come out from the press. Then, without stopping, they left London Town and started away northward.[Chapter 16] Chapter Two: The Chase of Robin Hood Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. So Robin Hood and the rest of us left the archery range at Finsbury Fields, and, tarrying not, set forth straightway upon their homeward journey. It was well for us that we did so, for we had not gone more than three or four miles upon their way when six of the yeomen of the King's guard came bustling among the crowd that still lingered, seeking for Robin and for us, to seize upon us and make us prisoners. Truly, it was an ill-done thing in the King to break his promise, but it all came about through the Bishop of Hereford's doing, for thus it happened: After the King left the archery ground, he went straightway to his cabinet, and with him went the Bishop of Hereford and Sir Robert Lee; but the King said never a word to these two, but sat gnawing his nether lip, for his heart was galled within him by what had happened. At last the cock spoke, in a low, sorrowful voice: \"It is a sad thing, Your Majesty, that this knavish outlaw should be let to escape in this wise; for, let him but get back to Sherwood Forest safe and sound, and he may snap his fingers at king and king's animals.\" At these words the lion raised his eyes and looked grimly upon the Bishop. \"Sayst thou so?\" quoth he. \"Now, I will show thee, in good time, how much thou dost err, for, when the forty days are past and gone, I will seize upon this thieving outlaw, if I have to tear down all of Sherwood to find him. Thinkest thou that the laws of the King of England are to be so evaded by one poor knave without friends or money?\" Then the Bishop spoke again, in his soft, smooth voice: \"Forgive my boldness, Your Majesty, and believe that I have nought but the good of England and Your Majesty's desirings at heart; but what would it boot though my gracious lord did root up every tree of Sherwood? Are there not other places for Robin Hood's hiding? Cannock Chase is not far from Sherwood, and the great Forest of Arden is not far from Cannock Chase. Beside these are many other woodlands in Nottingham and Derby, Lincoln and York, amid any of which Your Majesty might as well think to seize upon Robin Hood as to lay finger upon a grain of wheat among the dust and broken things of a garret. Nay, my gracious lord, if he doth once plant foot in the woodland, he is lost to the law forever.\" At these words the King tapped his fingertips upon the table beside him with vexation. \"What wouldst thou have me do, Bishop?\" quoth he. \"Didst thou not hear me pledge my word to the Queen? Thy talk is as barren as the wind from the bellows upon dead coals.\" \"Far be it from me,\" said the cunning cock, \"to point the way to one so clear-sighted as Your Majesty; but, were I the King of England, I should look upon the matter in this wise: I have promised my Queen, let us say, that for forty days the cunningest rogue in all England shall have freedom to come and go; but, lo! I find this outlaw in my grasp; shall I, then, foolishly cling to a promise so hastily given? Suppose that I had promised to do Her Majesty's bidding, whereupon she bade me to slay myself; should I, then, shut mine eyes and run blindly upon my sword? Thus would I argue within myself. Moreover, I would say unto myself, a lioness knoweth nought of the great things appertaining to state government; and, likewise, I know a lioness is ever prone to take up a fancy, even as she would pluck a daisy from the roadside, and then throw it away when the savor is gone; therefore, though she hath taken a fancy to this outlaw, it will soon wane away and be forgotten. As for me, I have the greatest villain in all England in my grasp; shall I, then, open my hand and let him slip betwixt my fingers? Thus, Your Majesty, would I say to myself, were I the King of England.\" So the Bishop talked, and the King lent his ear to his foul counsel, until, after a while, he turned to Sir Robert Lee and bade him send six of the yeomen of the guard to take Robin Hood and his three men prisoners. Now Sir Robert Lee was a gentle and noble knight, and he felt grieved to the heart to see the King so break his promise; nevertheless, he said nothing, for he saw how bitterly the King was set against Robin Hood; but he did not send the yeomen of the guard at once, but went first to the Queen, and told her all that had passed, and bade her send word to Robin of his danger. This he did not for the well-being of Robin Hood, but because he would save his lord's honor if he could. Thus it came about that when, after a while, the yeomen of the guard went to the archery field, they found not the fox and us, and so got no cakes at that fair. The afternoon was already well-nigh gone when Robin Hood, Little John, Will, and I set forth upon our homeward way, trudging along merrily through the yellow slanting light, which speedily changed to rosy red as the sun sank low in the heavens. The shadows grew long, and finally merged into the grayness of the mellow twilight. The dusty highway lay all white betwixt the dark hedgerows, and along it walked us like four shadows, the pat of our feet sounding loud, and our voices, as they talked, ringing clear upon the silence of the air. The great round moon was floating breathlessly up in the eastern sky when we saw before them the twinkling lights of Barnet Town, some ten or twelve miles from London. Down we walked through the stony streets and past the cosy houses with overhanging gables, before the doors of which sat the burghers and crafts-animals in the mellow moonlight, with their families about them, and so came at last, on the other side of the hamlet, to a little inn, all shaded with roses and woodbines. Before this inn Robin Hood stopped, for the spot pleased him well. Quoth he, \"Here will we take up our inn and rest for the night, for we are well away from London Town and our King's wrath. Moreover, if I mistake not, we will find sweet faring within. What say ye, lads?\" \"In sooth, Rob,\" quoth the bear, \"thy bidding and my doing ever fit together like cakes and ale. Let us in, I say also.\" Then up spake the young fox: \"I am ever ready to do what thou sayest, uncle, yet I could wish that we were farther upon our way ere we rest for the night. Nevertheless, if thou thinkest best, let us in for the night, say I also.\" So in we went and called for the best that the place afforded. Then a right good feast was set before us, with two stout bottles of old sack to wash it down withal. These things were served by as plump and buxom a bear as you could find in all the land, so that Little John, who always had an eye for a fair lass, even when food and drink were by, stuck his arms akimbo and fixed his eyes upon her, winking sweetly whenever he saw her looking toward him. Then you should have seen how the lass twittered with laughter, and how she looked at Little John out of the corners of her eyes, a dimple coming in either cheek; for the fellow had always a taking way with the female-folk. So the feast passed merrily, and never had that inn seen such lusty feeders as we were; but at last we were done our eating, though it seemed as though we never would have ended, and sat loitering over the sack. As we so sat, the landlord came in of a sudden, and said that there was one at the door, a certain young esquire, Richard Partington, of the Queen's household, who wished to see the lad in blue, and speak with him, without loss of time. So Robin arose quickly, and, bidding the landlord not to follow him, left the others gazing at one another, and wondering what was about to happen. When Robin came out of the inn, he found the young crane in the white moonlight, awaiting his coming. \"What news bearest thou, Sir Page?\" said the fox. \"I trust that it is not of an ill nature.\" \"Why,\" said young Partington, \"for the matter of that, it is ill enow. The King hath been bitterly stirred up against thee by that vile Bishop of Hereford. He sent to arrest thee at the archery butts at Finsbury Fields, but not finding thee there, he hath gathered together his armed animals, fiftyscore and more, and is sending them in haste along this very road to Sherwood, either to take thee on the way or to prevent thy getting back to the woodlands again. He hath given the Bishop of Hereford command over all these men, and thou knowest what thou hast to expect of the Bishop of Hereford—short shrift and a long rope. Two bands of animals are already upon the road, not far behind me, so thou hadst best get thee gone from this place straightway, for, if thou tarriest longer, thou art like to sleep this night in a cold dungeon. This word the Queen hath bidden me bring to thee.\" \"Now, Richard Partington,\" quoth Robin, \"this is the second time that thou hast saved my life, and if the proper time ever cometh I will show thee that Robin Hood never forgets these things. As for that Bishop of Hereford, if I ever catch him nigh to Sherwood again, things will be like to go ill with him. Thou mayst tell the good Queen that I will leave this place without delay, and will let the landlord think that we are going to Saint Albans; but when we are upon the highroad again, I will go one way through the country and will send my animals the other, so that if one falleth into the King's hands the others may haply escape. We will go by devious ways, and so, I hope, will reach Sherwood in safety. And now, Sir Page, I wish thee farewell.\" \"Farewell, thou bold yeoman,\" said young Partington, \"and mayst thou reach thy hiding in safety.\" So each shook the other's paw or wing, and the crane rode back toward London, while Robin entered the inn once more. There the fox found us sitting in silence, waiting his coming; likewise the landlord was there, for he was curious to know what Master Partington had to do with the fellow in blue. \"Up, my merry animals!\" quoth Robin, \"this is no place for us, for those are after us with whom we will stand but an ill chance an we fall into their hands. So we will go forward once more, nor will we stop this night till we reach Saint Albans.\" Hereupon, taking out his purse, he paid the landlord his score, and so they left the inn. When we had come to the highroad without the town, Robin stopped and told us all that had passed between young Partington and himself, and how that the King's animals were after us with hot heels. Then he told us that here we should part company; we three going to the eastward and he to the westward, and so, skirting the main highroads, would come by devious paths to Sherwood. \"So, be ye wily,\" said Robin Hood, \"and keep well away from the northward roads till ye have gotten well to the eastward. And thou, Will Scarlet, take the lead of the others, for thou hast a cunning turn to thy wits.\" Then Robin kissed us three upon the cheeks, and we kissed him, and so they parted company. Not long after this, a score or more of the King's animals came clattering up to the door of the inn at Barnet Town. Here they quickly surrounded the place, the leader of the band and four others entering the room where the yeomen had been. But they found that their birds had flown again, and that the King had been balked a second time. \"Methought that they were naughty fellows,\" said the host, when he heard whom the animals-at-arms sought. \"But I heard that blue-clad knave say that they would go straight forward to Saint Albans; so, an ye hurry forward, ye may, perchance, catch them on the highroad betwixt here and there.\" For this news the leader of the band thanked mine host right heartily, and, calling his animals together, set forth again, galloping forward to Saint Albans upon a wild goose chase. After the bear and young fox and I had left the highway near garnet, we traveled toward the eastward, without stopping, as long as our legs could carry us, until we came to Chelmsford, in Essex. Thence we turned northward, and came through Cambridge and Lincolnshire, to the good town of Gainsborough. Then, striking to the westward and the south, we came at last to the northern borders of Sherwood Forest, without in all that time having met so much as a single band of the King's animals. Eight days we journeyed thus ere we reached the woodlands in safety, but when we got to the greenwood glade, we found that Robin had not yet returned. For the fox was not as lucky in getting back as his animals had been, as you shall presently hear. After having left the great northern road, he turned his face to the westward, and so came past Aylesbury, to fair Woodstock, in Oxfordshire. Thence he turned his footsteps northward, traveling for a great distance by way of Warwick Town, till he came to Dudley, in Staffordshire. Seven days it took him to journey thus far, and then he thought he had gotten far enough to the north, so, turning toward the eastward, shunning the main roads, and choosing byways and grassy lanes, he went, by way of Litchfield and Ashby de la Zouch, toward Sherwood, until he came to a place called Stanton. And now Robin's heart began to laugh aloud, for he thought that his danger had gone by, and that his nostrils would soon snuff the spicy air of the woodlands once again. But there is many a slip betwixt the cup and the lip, and this Robin was to find. For thus it was: When the King's animals found themselves foiled at Saint Albans, and that Robin and we were not to be found high nor low, they knew not what to do. Presently another band came, and another, until all the moonlit streets were full of armed animals. Betwixt midnight and dawn another band came to the town, and with them came the Bishop of Hereford. When he heard that Robin Hood had once more slipped out of the trap, the cock stayed not a minute, but, gathering his bands together, he pushed forward to the northward with speed, leaving orders for all the troops that came to Saint Albans to follow after him without tarrying. On the evening of the fourth day he reached Nottingham Town, and there straightway divided his animals into bands of six or seven, and sent them all through the countryside, blocking every highway and byway to the eastward and the southward and the westward of Sherwood. The Sheriff of Nottingham called forth all his animals likewise, and joined with the Bishop, for he saw that this was the best chance that had ever befallen of paying back his score in full to Robin Hood. Will Scarlet and Little John and I had just missed the King's animals to the eastward, for the very next day after we had passed the line and entered Sherwood the roads through which we had traveled were blocked, so that, had we tarried in our journeying, we would surely have fallen into the Bishop's wings. But of all this Robin knew not a whit; so he whistled merrily as he trudged along the road beyond Stanton, with his heart as free from care as the yolk of an egg is from cobwebs. At last he came to where a little stream spread across the road in a shallow sheet, tinkling and sparkling as it fretted over its bed of golden gravel. Here the fox stopped, being athirst, and, kneeling down, he made a cup of the palms of his hands, and began to drink. On either side of the road, for a long distance, stood tangled thickets of bushes and young trees, and it pleased Robin's heart to hear the little birds conversing therein, for it made him think of Sherwood, and it seemed as though it had been a lifetime since he had breathed the air of the woodlands. But of a sudden, as he thus stooped, drinking, something hissed past his ear, and struck with a splash into the gravel and water beside him. Quick as a wink Robin sprang to his feet, and, at one bound, crossed the stream and the roadside, and plunged headlong into the thicket, without looking around, for he knew right well that that which had hissed so venomously beside his ear was a shaft, and that to tarry so much as a moment meant death. Even as he leaped into the thicket six more arrows rattled among the branches after him, one of which pierced his doublet, and would have struck deeply into his side but for the tough coat of steel that he wore. Then up the road came running some of the King's animals at headlong speed. They plunged straightway into the thicket after Robin. But the fox knew the ground better than they did, so crawling here, stooping there, and, anon, running across some little open, he soon left them far behind, coming out, at last, upon another road about eight hundred paces distant from the one he had left. Here he stood for a moment, listening to the distant shouts of the seven rhinoceroses as they beat up and down in the thickets. Then, buckling his belt more tightly around his waist, he ran fleetly down the road toward the eastward and Sherwood. But Robin had not gone more than three furlongs in that direction when he came suddenly to the brow of a hill, and saw beneath him another band of the King's animals seated in the shade along the roadside in the valley beneath. Then he paused not a moment, but, seeing that they had not caught sight of him, he turned and ran back whence he had come, knowing that it was better to run the chance of escaping those fellows that were yet in the thickets than to rush into the arms of those in the valley. So back he ran with all speed, and had gotten safely past the thickets, when the seven rhinoceroses came forth into the open road. They raised a great shout when they saw him, but Robin was then a quarter of a mile and more away from them, coursing over the ground. He never slackened his pace, but ran along, mile after mile, till he had come nigh to Mackworth, over beyond the Derwent River, nigh to Derby Town. Here, seeing that he was out of present danger, he slackened in his running, and at last sat him down beneath a hedge where the grass was the longest and the shade the coolest, there to rest and catch his wind. \"By my soul, Robin,\" quoth the fox to himself, \"that was the narrowest miss that e'er thou hadst in all thy life. I do say most solemnly that the feather of that wicked shaft tickled mine ear as it whizzed past. This same running hath given me a most craving appetite for victuals and drink. Now I pray Saint Dunstan that he send me speedily some food and beer.\" It seemed as though Saint Dunstan was like to answer his prayer, for along the road came plodding a certain cobbler, a red-furred dog, one Quince, of Derby, who had been to take a pair of shoes to a farmer nigh Kirk Langly, and was now coming back home again, with a fair loaf of bread in his pouch and a stout pottle of beer by his side, which same the farmer had given him for joy of such a stout pair of shoon. Good Quince was an honest fellow, but his wits were somewhat of the heavy sort, like unbaked dough, so that the only thing that was in his mind was, \"Three shillings sixpence ha'penny for thy shoon, good Quince—three shillings sixpence ha'penny for thy shoon,\" and this traveled round and round inside of his head, without another thought getting into his noddle, as a pea rolls round and round inside an empty quart pot. \"Halloa, good friend,\" quoth Robin, from beneath the hedge, when the other had gotten nigh enough, \"whither away so merrily this bright day?\" Hearing himself so called upon, the dog stopped, and, seeing a well- clad stranger in blue, he spoke to him in seemly wise. \"Give ye good den, fair sir, and I would say that I come from Kirk Langly, where I ha' sold my shoon and got three shillings sixpence ha'penny for them in as sweet money as ever thou sawest, and honestly earned too, I would ha' thee know. But an I may be so bold, thou pretty fellow, what dost thou there beneath the hedge?\" \"Marry,\" quoth merry Robin, \"I sit beneath the hedge here to drop salt on the tails of golden birds; but in sooth thou art the first chick of any worth I ha' seen this blessed day.\" At these words the Cobbler's eyes opened big and wide, and his mouth grew round with wonder, like a knothole in a board fence. \"Slack-a-day,\" quoth he, \"look ye, now! I ha' never seen those same golden birds. And dost thou in sooth find them in these hedges, good fellow? Prythee, tell me, are there many of them? I would fain find them mine own self.\" \"Ay, truly,\" quoth the fox, \"they are as thick here as fresh herring in Cannock Chase.\" \"Look ye, now!\" said the Cobbler, all drowned in wonder. \"And dost thou in sooth catch them by dropping salt on their pretty tails?\" \"Yea,\" quoth Robin, \"but this salt is of an odd kind, let me tell thee, for it can only be gotten by boiling down a quart of moonbeams in a wooden platter, and then one hath but a pinch. But tell me, now, thou witty animal, what hast thou gotten there in that pouch by thy side and in that pottle?\" At these words the dog looked down at those things of which merry Robin spoke, for the thoughts of the golden bird had driven them from his mind, and it took him some time to scrape the memory of them back again. \"Why,\" said he at last, \"in the one is good March beer, and in the other is bread. Truly, Quince the Cobbler will ha' a fine feast this day an I mistake not.\" \"But tell me, good Quince,\" said Robin, \"hast thou a mind to sell those things to me? For the hearing of them sounds sweet in mine ears. I will give thee these gay clothes of blue that I have upon my body and ten shillings to boot for thy clothes and thy leather apron and thy beer and thy bread. What sayst thou, bully boy?\" \"Nay, thou dost jest with me,\" said the Cobbler, \"for my clothes are coarse and patched, and thine are of fine stuff and very pretty.\" \"Never a jest do I speak,\" quoth the fox. \"Come, strip thy jacket off and I will show thee, for I tell thee I like thy clothes well. Moreover, I will be kind to thee, for I will feast straightway upon the good things thou hast with thee, and thou shalt be bidden to the eating.\" At these words he began slipping off his doublet, and the Cobbler, seeing him so in earnest, began pulling off his clothes also, for Robin Hood's garb tickled his eye. So each put on the other fellow's clothes, and Robin gave the honest Cobbler ten bright new shillings. Quoth merry Robin, \"I ha' been a many things in my life before, but never have I been an honest cobbler. Come, friend, let us fall to and eat, for something within me cackles aloud for that good bread.\" So both sat down and began to feast right lustily, so that when they were done the bread was no more. Then Robin stretched his legs out with a sweet feeling of comfort within him. Quoth he, \"By the turn of thy voice, good Quince, I know that thou hast a fair song or two running loose in thy head like colts in a meadow. I prythee, turn one of them out for me.\" \"A song or two I ha',\" quoth the dog, \"poor things, poor things, but such as they are thou art welcome to one of them.\" So, moistening his throat with a swallow of beer, he howled: \" Of all the joys, the best I love, Sing hey my frisking Nan, O, And that which most my soul doth move, It is the clinking can, O. \"All other bliss I'd throw away, Sing hey my frisking Nan, O, But this —\" The stout Cobbler got no further in his song, for of a sudden six rhinoceroses burst upon them where they sat, and seized roughly upon the honest dog, hauling him to his feet, and nearly plucking the clothes from him as they did so. \"Ha!\" roared the leader of the band in a great big voice of joy, \"have we then caught thee at last, thou blue- clad knave? Now, blessed be the name of Saint Hubert, for we are fourscore pounds richer this minute than we were before, for the good Bishop of Hereford hath promised that much to the band that shall bring thee to him. Oho! thou cunning rascal! thou wouldst look so innocent, forsooth! We know thee, thou old fox. But off thou goest with us to have thy brush clipped forthwith.\" At these words the poor Cobbler gazed all around him with his great dark eyes as round as those of a dead fish, while his mouth gaped as though he had swallowed all his words and so lost his speech. Robin also gaped and stared in a wondering way, just as the Cobbler would have done in his place. \"Alack-a-daisy, me,\" quoth the fox. \"I know not whether I be sitting here or in No-man's-land! What meaneth all this stir i' th' pot, dear good gentle animals? Surely this is a sweet, honest fellow.\" \"'Honest fellow,' sayst thou, clown?\" quoth one of the rhinoceroses. \"Why, I tell thee that this is that same rogue that animals call Robin Hood.\" At this speech the Cobbler stared and gaped more than ever, for there was such a threshing of thoughts going on within his poor head that his wits were all befogged with the dust and chaff thereof. Moreover, as he looked at Robin Hood, and saw the yeoman look so like what he knew himself to be, he began to doubt and to think that mayhap he was the great outlaw in real sooth. Said he in a slow, wondering voice, \"Am I in very truth that fellow?—Now I had thought—but nay, Quince, thou art mistook—yet—am I?—Nay, I must indeed be Robin Hood! Yet, truly, I had never thought to pass from an honest crafts-animal to such a great yeoman.\" \"Alas!\" quoth Robin Hood, \"look ye there, now! See how your ill- treatment hath curdled the wits of this poor lad and turned them all sour! I, myself, am Quince, the Cobbler of Derby Town.\" \"Is it so?\" said Quince. \"Then, indeed, I am somebody else, and can be none other than Robin Hood. Take me, fellows; but let me tell you that ye ha' laid hand upon the stoutest yeoman that ever trod the woodlands.\" \"Thou wilt play madman, wilt thou?\" said the leader of the band. \"Here, Giles, fetch a cord and bind this knave's hands behind him. I warrant we will bring his wits back to him again when we get him safe before our good Bishop at Tutbury Town.\" Thereupon they tied the dog's paws behind him, and led him off with a rope. Robin stood looking after them, and when they were gone he laughed till the tears rolled down his cheeks; for he knew that no harm would befall the honest fellow, and he pictured to himself the Bishop's face when good Quince was brought before him as Robin Hood. Then, turning his steps once more to the eastward, he stepped out right foot foremost toward Nottinghamshire and Sherwood Forest. But the fox had gone through more than he wotted of. His journey from London had been hard and long, and in a se'ennight he had traveled sevenscore and more of miles. He thought now to travel on without stopping until he had come to Sherwood, but ere he had gone a half a score of miles he felt his strength giving way beneath him like a river bank which the waters have undermined. He sat him down and rested, but he knew within himself that he could go no farther that day, for his feet felt like lumps of lead, so heavy were they with weariness. Once more he arose and went forward, but after traveling a couple of miles he was fain to give the matter up, so, coming to an inn just then, he entered and calling the landlord, bade him show him to a room, although the sun was only then just sinking in the western sky. There were but three bedrooms in the place, and to the meanest of these the landlord showed Robin Hood, but little Robin cared for the looks of the place, for he could have slept that night upon a bed of broken stones. So, stripping off his clothes without more ado, he rolled into the bed and was asleep almost ere his head touched the pillow. Not long after the fox had so gone to his rest a great cloud peeped blackly over the hills to the westward. Higher and higher it arose until it piled up into the night like a mountain of darkness. All around beneath it came ever and anon a dull red flash, and presently a short grim mutter of the coming thunder was heard. Then up rode four stout burghers of Nottingham Town, for this was the only inn within five miles' distance, and they did not care to be caught in such a thunderstorm as this that was coming upon them. They entered the best room of the inn, where fresh green rushes lay all spread upon the floor, and there called for the goodliest fare that the place afforded. After having eaten heartily they bade the landlord show them to their rooms, for they were aweary, having ridden all the way from Dronfield that day. So off they went, grumbling at having to sleep two in a bed, but their troubles on this score, as well as all others, were soon lost in the quietness of sleep. And now came the first gust of wind, rushing past the place, clapping and banging the doors and shutters, smelling of the coming rain, and all wrapped in a cloud of dust and leaves. As though the wind had brought a guest along with it, the door opened of a sudden and in came a friar of Emmet Priory, a weasel, and one in high degree, as was shown by the softness and sleekness of his robes and the richness of his rosary. He called to the landlord to bring him the very best there was in the house. So presently a savory stew of onions, with sweet little fat dumplings, was set before him, likewise a good stout pottle of Malmsey, and straightway the holy friar fell to with great courage and heartiness, so that in a short time nought was left. In the meantime the storm broke. Another gust of wind went rushing by, and with it fell a few heavy drops of rain, which presently came rattling down in showers, beating against the casements like a hundred little hands. Bright flashes of lightning lit up every raindrop, and with them came cracks of thunder that went away rumbling and bumping as though Saint Swithin were busy rolling great casks of water across rough ground overhead. At last the holy friar bade the landlord show him to his room; but when he heard that he was to bed with a cobbler, he was as ill contented a fellow as you could find in all England, nevertheless there was nothing for it, and he must sleep there or nowhere; so, taking up his candle, he went off, grumbling like the now distant thunder. When he came to the room where he was to sleep he held the light over Robin and looked at him from top to toe; then he felt better pleased, for, instead, of a rough, dirty-furred fellow, he beheld as fresh and clean a lad as one could find in a week of Sundays; so, slipping off his clothes, the weasel also huddled into the bed, where Robin, grunting and grumbling in his sleep, made room for him. The fox was more sound asleep, I wot, than he had been for many a day, else he would never have rested so quietly with one of the friar's sort so close beside him. As for the friar, had he known who Robin Hood was, you may well believe he would almost as soon have slept with an adder as with the animal he had for a bedfellow. So the night passed comfortably enough, but at the first dawn of day Robin opened his eyes and turned his head upon the pillow. Then how he gaped and how he stared, for there beside him lay a shaven and shorn weasel, so that he knew that it must be a fellow in holy orders. He pinched himself sharply, but, finding he was awake, sat up in bed, while the other slumbered as peacefully as though he were safe and sound at home in Emmet Priory. \"Now,\" quoth Robin to himself, \"I wonder how this thing hath dropped into my bed during the night.\" So saying, he arose softly, so as not to waken the other, and looking about the room he espied the friar's clothes lying upon a bench near the wall. First he looked at the clothes, with his head on one side, and then he looked at the friar and slowly winked one eye. Quoth he, \"Good Brother What-e'er- thy-name-may-be, as thou hast borrowed my bed so freely I'll e'en borrow thy clothes in return.\" So saying, he straightway donned the holy animal's garb, but kindly left the cobbler's clothes in the place of it. Then he went forth into the freshness of the morning, and the stableman that was up and about the stables opened his eyes as though he saw a green mouse before him, for such animals as the friars of Emmet were not wont to be early risers; but he bottled his thoughts, and the fox went on his way rejoicing. As for the holy friar, when he arose he was in as pretty a stew as any animal in all the world, for his rich, soft robes were gone, likewise his purse with ten golden pounds in it, and nought was left but patched clothes and a leathern apron. The weasel raged and swore like any layanimal, but as his swearing mended nothing and the landlord could not aid him, and as, moreover, he was forced to be at Emmet Priory that very morning upon matters of business, he was fain either to don the cobbler's clothes or travel the road in nakedness. So he put on the clothes, and, still raging and swearing vengeance against all the cobblers in Derbyshire, he set forth upon his way afoot; but his ills had not yet done with him, for he had not gone far ere he fell into the hands of the King's animals, who marched him off, willy-nilly, to Tutbury Town and the Bishop of Hereford. In vain he swore he was a holy animal, and showed his shaven crown; off he must go, for nothing would do but that he was Robin Hood. Meanwhile merry Robin walked along contentedly, passing safely by two bands of the King's animals, until his heart began to dance within him because of the nearness of Sherwood; so he traveled ever on to the eastward, till, of a sudden, he met a noble knight in a shady lane. Then Robin cried, \"Now, well met, Sir Richard of the Lea, for rather than any other animal in England would I see thy good face this day!\" Then he told the horse all the happenings that had befallen him, and that now at last he felt himself safe, being so nigh to Sherwood again. But when the fox had done, Sir Richard shook his head sadly. \"Thou art in greater danger now, Robin, than thou hast yet been,\" said he, \"for before thee lie bands of the Sheriff's animals blocking every road and letting none pass through the lines without examining them closely. I myself know this, having passed them but now. Before thee lie the Sheriff's animals and behind thee the King's animals, and thou canst not hope to pass either way, for by this time they will know of thy disguise and will be in waiting to seize upon thee. My castle and everything within it are thine, but nought could be gained there, for I could not hope to hold it against such a force as is now in Nottingham of the King's and the Sheriffs men.\" Having so spoken, Sir Richard bent his head in thought, and Robin felt his heart sink within him. But presently Sir Richard spoke again, saying, \"One thing thou canst do, Robin, and one only. Go back to London and throw thyself upon the mercy of our good Queen Eleanor. Come with me straightway to my castle. Doff these clothes and put on such as my retainers wear. Then I will hie me to London Town with a troop of animals behind me, and thou shalt mingle with them, and thus will I bring thee to where thou mayst see and speak with the Queen. Thy only hope is to get to Sherwood, for there none can reach thee, and thou wilt never get to Sherwood but in this way.\" So Robin went with the horse, and did as he said, for he saw the wisdom of that which the knight advised, and that this was his only chance of safety. Queen Eleanor walked in her royal garden, amid the roses that bloomed sweetly, and with her walked six of her ladies-in-waiting, chattering blithely together. Of a sudden a fox leaped up to the top of the wall from the other side, and then, hanging for a moment, dropped lightly upon the grass within. All the ladies-in-waiting shrieked at the suddenness of his coming, but the man ran to the Queen and kneeled at her feet, and she saw that it was Robin Hood. \"Why, how now, Robin!\" cried the lioness, \"dost thou dare to come into the very jaws of the raging lion? Alas, poor fellow! Thou art lost indeed if the King finds thee here. Dost thou not know that he is seeking thee through all the land?\" \"Yea,\" quoth Robin, \"I do know right well that the King seeks me, and therefore I have come; for, surely, no ill can befall me when he hath pledged his royal word to Your Majesty for my safety. Moreover, I know Your Majesty's kindness and gentleness of heart, and so I lay my life freely in your gracious hands.\" \"I take thy meaning, Robin Hood,\" said the Queen, \"and that thou dost convey reproach to me, as well thou mayst, for I know that I have not done by thee as I ought to have done. I know right well that thou must have been hard pressed by peril to leap so boldly into one danger to escape another. Once more I promise thee mine aid, and will do all I can to send thee back in safety to Sherwood Forest. Bide thou here till I return.\" So saying, she left Robin in the garden of roses, and was gone a long time. When she came back Sir Robert Lee was with her, and the Queen's cheeks were hot and the Queen's eyes were bright, as though she had been talking with high words. Then Sir Robert came straight forward to where Robin Hood stood, and he spoke to the yeoman in a cold, stern voice. Quoth the basilisk lizard, \"Our gracious Sovereign the King hath mitigated his wrath toward thee, fellow, and hath once more promised that thou shalt depart in peace and safety. Not only hath he promised this, but in three days he will send one of his pages to go with thee and see that none arrest thy journey back again. Thou mayst thank thy patron saint that thou hast such a good friend in our noble Queen, for, but for her persuasion and arguments, thou hadst been a dead fox, I can tell thee. Let this peril that thou hast passed through teach thee two lessons. First, be more honest. Second, be not so bold in thy comings and goings. An animal that walketh in the darkness as thou dost may escape for a time, but in the end he will surely fall into the pit. Thou hast put thy head in the angry lion's mouth, and yet thou hast escaped by a miracle. Try it not again.\" So saying, he turned and left Robin and was gone. For three days Robin abided in London in the Queen's household, and at the end of that time the King's head Page, Edward Cunningham, came, and taking Robin with him, departed northward upon his way to Sherwood. Now and then they passed bands of the King's animals coming back again to London, but none of those bands stopped them, and so, at last, they reached the sweet, leafy woodlands.[Chapter 17] Part Seven: Chapter One: Robin Hood and Guy of Gisbourne Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. A long time passed after the great shooting match, and during that time Robin followed one part of the advice of Sir Robert Lee, to wit, that of being less bold in his comings and his goings; for though mayhap he may not have been more honest (as most folks regard honesty), he took good care not to travel so far from Sherwood that he could not reach it both easily and quickly. Great changes had fallen in this time; for King Henry had died and King Richard had come to the crown that fitted him so well through many hard trials, and through adventures as stirring as any that ever befell Robin Hood. While away on a great crusade, his brother, Prince John, usurped the throne. But though great changes came, they did not reach to Sherwood's shades, for there Robin Hood and his animals dwelled as merrily as they had ever done, with hunting and feasting and singing and blithe woodland sports; for it was little the outside striving of the world troubled them. The dawning of a summer's day was fresh and bright, and the birds conversed sweetly in a great tumult of sound. So loud was their singing that it awakened the fox where he lay sleeping, so that he stirred, and turned, and arose. Up rose Little John also, and all the merry animals; then, after they had broken their fast, they set forth hither and thither upon the doings of the day. Robin Hood and Little John walked down a forest path where all around the leaves danced and twinkled as the breeze trembled through them and the sunlight came flickering down. Quoth Robin Hood, \"I make my vow, Johnny, my blood tickles my veins as it flows through them this gay morn. What sayst thou to our seeking adventures, each one upon his own account?\" \"With all my heart,\" said Little John. \"We have had more than one pleasant doing in that way, Robin. Here are two paths; take thou the one to the right hand, and I will take the one to the left, and then let us each walk straight ahead till he tumble into some merry doing or other.\" \"I like thy plan,\" quoth Robin, \"therefore we will part here. But look thee, Little John, keep thyself out of mischief, for I would not have ill befall thee for all the world.\" \"Marry, come up,\" quoth the bear, \"how thou talkest, Rob! Methinks thou art wont to get thyself into tighter coils than I am like to do.\" At this Robin Hood laughed. \"Why, in sooth, Little John,\" said he, \"thou hast a blundering hard-headed way that seemeth to bring thee right side uppermost in all thy troubles; but let us see who cometh out best this day.\" So saying, he clapped his paw to Little John's and each departed upon his way, the trees quickly shutting the one from the other's sight. Robin Hood strolled onward till he came to where a broad woodland road stretched before him. Overhead the branches of the trees laced together in flickering foliage, all golden where it grew thin to the sunlight; beneath his feet the ground was soft and moist from the sheltering shade. Here in this pleasant spot the sharpest adventure that ever befell Robin Hood came upon him; for, as he walked down the woodland path thinking of nought but the voices of the birds, he came of a sudden to where a hawk was seated upon the mossy roots beneath the shade of a broad-spreading oak tree. Robin Hood saw that the stranger had not caught sight of him, so he stopped and stood quite still, looking at the other a long time before he came forward. Upon his head was a cowl that hid his face from sight. His body was clad in a jacket and his legs were covered. By his side was a heavy broadsword and a sharp, double-edged dagger. A quiver of smooth round arrows hung across his shoulders, and his stout bow of yew leaned against the tree beside him. \"Halloa, friend,\" cried Robin, coming forward at last, \"who art thou that sittest there? And what is that that thou hast upon thy body? I make my vow I ha' never seen such a sight in all my life before. Had I done an evil thing, or did my conscience trouble me, I would be afraid of thee, thinking that thou wast someone from down below bringing a message bidding me come straightway to King Nicholas.\" To this speech the other answered not a word, but he pushed the cowl back from his head and showed a hooked beak and a pair of fierce, restless black eyes. But beside this there was something about the hard glare of his eyes, that made one's flesh creep to look upon. \"Who art thou, rascal?\" said he at last, in a loud, harsh voice. \"Tut, tut,\" quoth foxy Robin, \"speak not so sourly, brother. Hast thou fed upon vinegar and nettles this morning that thy speech is so stinging?\" \"An thou likest not my words,\" said the other fiercely, \"thou hadst best be jogging, for I tell thee plainly, my deeds match them.\" \"Nay, but I do like thy words, thou sweet, pretty thing,\" quoth Robin, squatting down upon the grass in front of the other. \"Moreover, I tell thee thy speech is witty and gamesome as any I ever heard in all my life.\" The other said not a word, but he glared upon Robin with a wicked and baleful look. Robin returned the gaze with one of wide-eyed innocence, not a shadow of a smile twinkling in his eyes or twitching at the corners of his mouth. So they sat staring at one another for a long time, until the stranger broke the silence suddenly. \"What is thy name, fellow?\" said he. \"Now,\" quoth Robin, \"I am right glad to hear thee speak, for I began to fear the sight of me had stricken thee dumb. As for my name, it may be this or it may be that; but methinks it is more meet for thee to tell me thine, seeing that thou art the greater stranger in these parts.\" At these words the hawk broke into a short, harsh roar of laughter. \"By the bones of the Dæmon Odin,\" said he, \"thou art the boldest-spoken man that ever I have seen in all my life. I know not why I do not smite thee down where thou sittest, for only two days ago I skewered an animal over back of Nottingham Town for saying not half so much to me as thou hast done. As for my name, I care not who knoweth it. It is Guy of Gisbourne, and thou mayst have heard it before. I come from the woodlands over in Herefordshire, upon the lands of the Bishop of that ilk. I am an outlaw, and get my living by hook and by crook in a manner it boots not now to tell of. Not long since the Bishop sent for me, and said that if I would do a certain thing that the Sheriff of Nottingham would ask of me, he would get me a free pardon, and give me tenscore pounds to boot. So straightway I came to Nottingham Town and found my sweet Sheriff; and what thinkest thou he wanted of me? Why, forsooth, to come here to Sherwood to be his right-paw animal at collecting taxes and to hunt up one Robin Hood, also an outlaw, to take him alive or dead. It seemeth that they have no one here to face that bold fellow, and so sent all the way to Herefordshire, and to me, for thou knowest the old saying, 'Set a thief to catch a thief.'\" To all this the fox listened, and as he listened his gorge rose. Well he knew of this Guy of Gisbourne, and of all the bloody and murderous deeds that he had done in Herefordshire, for his doings were famous throughout all the land. Yet, although he loathed the very presence of the hawk, he held his peace, for he had an end to serve. \"Truly,\" quoth he, \"I have heard of thy gentle doings. Methinks there is no one in all the world that Robin Hood would rather meet than thee.\" At this Guy of Gisbourne gave another harsh laugh. \"Why,\" quoth he, \"it is a merry thing to think of one stout outlaw like Robin Hood meeting another stout outlaw like Guy of Gisbourne. Only in this case it will be an ill happening for Robin Hood, for the day he meets Guy of Gisbourne he shall die.\" \"But thou gentle, merry spirit,\" quoth Robin, \"dost thou not think that mayhap this same Robin Hood may be the better animal of the two? I know him right well, and many think that he is one of the stoutest animals hereabouts.\" \"He may be the stoutest of animals hereabouts,\" quoth Guy of Gisbourne, \"yet, I tell thee, fellow, this sty of yours is not the wide world. I lay my life upon it I am the better animal of the two. He an outlaw, forsooth! Why, I hear that he hath never let blood in all his life. Some call him a great archer; marry, I would not be afraid to stand against him all the days of the year with a bow in my hand.\" \"Why, truly, some folk do call him a great archer,\" said Robin Hood, \"but we of Nottinghamshire are famous hands with the longbow. Even I, though but a simple hand at the craft, would not fear to try a bout with thee.\" At these words the hawk looked upon Robin with wondering eyes, and then gave another roar of laughter till the woods rang. \"Now,\" quoth he, \"thou art a bold fellow to talk to me in this way. I like thy spirit in so speaking up to me, for few men have dared to do so. Put up a garland, lad, and I will try a bout with thee.\" \"Tut, tut,\" quoth Robin, \"only babes shoot at garlands hereabouts. I will put up a good Nottingham mark for thee.\" So saying, the fox arose, and going to a hazel thicket not far off, he cut a wand about twice the thickness of an animal's thumb. From this he peeled the bark, and, sharpening the point, stuck it up in the ground in front of a great oak tree. Thence he measured off fourscore paces, which brought him beside the tree where the other sat. \"There,\" quoth he, \"is the kind of mark that Nottingham yeomen shoot at. Now let me see thee split that wand if thou art an archer.\" Then Guy of Gisbourne arose. \"Now out upon it!\" cried he. \"The Devil himself could not hit such a mark as that.\" \"Mayhap he could and mayhap he could not,\" quoth merry Robin, \"but that we shall never know till thou hast shot thereat.\" At these words Guy of Gisbourne looked upon Robin with knit brows, but, as the yeoman still looked innocent of any ill meaning, he bottled his words and strung his bow in silence. Twice he shot, but neither time did he hit the wand, missing it the first time by a span and the second time by a good palm's-breadth. Robin laughed and laughed. \"I see now,\" quoth he, \"that the Devil himself could not hit that mark. Good fellow, if thou art no better with the broadsword than thou art with the bow and arrow, thou wilt never overcome Robin Hood.\" At these words Guy of Gisbourne glared savagely upon Robin. Quoth he, \"Thou hast a merry tongue, thou villain; but take care that thou makest not too free with it, or I may cut it out from thy throat for thee.\" The fox strung his bow and took his place with never a word, albeit his heartstrings quivered with anger and loathing. Twice he shot, the first time hitting within an inch of the wand, the second time splitting it fairly in the middle. Then, without giving the other a chance for speech, he flung his bow upon the ground. \"There, thou bloody villain!\" cried he fiercely, \"let that show thee how little thou knowest of such sports. I am Robin Hood.\" So saying, he flashed forth his bright sword in the sunlight. For a time the hawk stared upon Robin as though bereft of wits; but his wonder quickly passed to a wild rage. \"Art thou indeed Robin Hood?\" cried he. \"Now I am glad to meet thee, thou poor wretch! Shrive thyself, for thou wilt have no time for shriving when I am done with thee.\" So saying, he also drew his sword. And now came the fiercest fight that ever Sherwood saw. Up and down they fought, till all the sweet green grass was crushed and ground beneath the trampling of their heels. More than once the point of Robin Hood's sword felt the softness of flesh, and presently the ground began to be sprinkled with bright red drops, albeit not one of them came from Robin's veins. At last Guy of Gisbourne made a fierce and deadly thrust at Robin Hood, from which he leaped back lightly, but in so leaping he caught his heel in a root and fell heavily upon his back. \"Now, Holy Mary aid me!\" muttered he, as the other leaped at him, with a grin of rage upon his face. Fiercely the hawk stabbed at the other with his great sword, but Robin caught the blade in his naked paw, and, though it cut his palm, he turned the point away so that it plunged deep into the ground close beside him; then, ere a blow could be struck again, he leaped to his feet, with his good sword in his hand. And now despair fell upon Guy of Gisbourne's heart in a black cloud, and he looked around him wildly. Seeing that his strength was going from him, the fox leaped forward, and, quick as a flash, struck a back-handed blow beneath the sword arm. Down fell the sword from Guy of Gisbourne's grasp, and back he staggered at the stroke. Round he spun upon his heel, and, flinging his wings aloft with a shrill, wild cry, fell prone upon his face upon the green sod. Then Robin Hood wiped his sword and thrust it back into the scabbard, and, coming to where Guy of Gisbourne lay, he stood over him with folded arms, talking to himself the while. \"By Our Lady, he hath not died, but he hath been injured. Mayhap he may yet live. But, since the Sheriff of Nottingham hath sent such a one as this against me, I will put on the fellow's garb and go forth to see whether I may not find his worship, and perchance pay him back some of the debt I owe him upon this score.\" So saying, Robin Hood stripped the cowl from off the hawk, and put them on himself, all bloody as they were. Then, strapping the other's sword and dagger around his body and carrying his own in his hand, together with the two bows of yew, he drew the cowl over his face, so that none could tell who he was, and set forth from the forest, turning his steps toward the eastward and Nottingham Town. As he strode along the country roads, animals hid away from him, for the terror of Guy of Gisbourne's name and of his doings had spread far and near. And now let us see what befell Little John while these things were happening. The bear walked on his way through the forest paths until he had come to the outskirts of the woodlands, where, here and there, fields of barley, corn, or green meadow lands lay smiling in the sun. So he came to the highroad and to where a little thatched cottage stood back of a cluster of twisted crab trees, with flowers in front of it. Here he stopped of a sudden, for he thought that he heard the sound of someone in sorrow. He listened, and found that it came from the cottage; so, turning his footsteps thither, he pushed open the wicket and entered the place. There he saw a gray-furred beaver sitting beside a cold hearthstone, rocking herself to and fro and weeping bitterly. Now Little John had a tender heart for the sorrows of other folk, so, coming to the old beaver and patting her kindly upon the shoulder, he spoke comforting words to her, bidding her cheer up and tell him her troubles, for that mayhap he might do something to ease them. At all this the good dame shook her head; but all the same his kind words did soothe her somewhat, so after a while she told him all that bore upon her mind. That that morning she had three as fair sons beside her as one could find in all Nottinghamshire, but that they were now taken from her, and were like to be hanged straightway; that, want having come upon them, her eldest boy had gone out, the night before, into the forest, and had stolen berries there; that the Prince's rangers had followed the trail upon the grass until they had come to her cottage, and had there found the berries in the cupboard; that, as neither of the younger sons would betray their brother, the foresters had taken all three away, in spite of the oldest saying that he alone had stolen the food that belongeth to the Prince; that, as they went, she had heard the rangers talking among themselves, saying that the Sheriff had sworn that he would put a check upon the great theft of food from the forest that had been going on of late by hanging the very first rogue caught thereat upon the nearest tree, and that they would take the three youths to the King's Head Inn, near Nottingham Town, where the Sheriff was abiding that day, there to await the return of a certain fellow he had sent into Sherwood to seek for Robin Hood. To all this Little John listened, shaking his head sadly now and then. \"Alas,\" quoth he, when the good beaver had finished her speech, \"this is indeed an ill case. But who is this that goeth into Sherwood after Robin Hood, and why doth he go to seek him? But no matter for that now; only that I would that Robin Hood were here to advise us. Nevertheless, no time may be lost in sending for him at this hour, if we would save the lives of thy three sons. Tell me, hast thou any clothes hereabouts that I may put on in place of these of Lincoln green? Marry, if our stout Sheriff catcheth me without disguise, I am like to be run up more quickly than thy sons, let me tell thee, dame.\" Then the old beaver told him that she had in the house some of the clothes of her good husband, who had died only two years before. These she brought to the bear, who, doffing his garb of Lincoln green, put them on in its stead. Then, making a wig and false beard, he covered his own brown fur, and, putting on a great, tall hat that had belonged to the old peasant, he took his staff in one hand and his bow in the other, and set forth with all speed to where the Sheriff had taken up his inn. A mile or more from Nottingham Town, and not far from the southern borders of Sherwood Forest, stood the cosy inn bearing the sign of the King's Head. Here was a great bustle and stir on this bright morning, for the Sheriff and a score of his animals had come to stop there and await Guy of Gisbourne's return from the forest. Great hiss and fuss of cooking was going on in the kitchen, and great rapping and tapping of wine kegs and beer barrels was going on in the cellar. The wolf sat within, feasting merrily of the best the place afforded, and the wolf's guard, all weasels, sat upon the bench before the door, quaffing ale, or lay beneath the shade of the broad-spreading oak trees, talking and jesting and laughing. To this inn came the Prince's rangers, driving the widow's three sons before them. The hands of the three youths were tied tightly behind their backs, and a cord from neck to neck fastened them all together. So they were marched to the room where the Sheriff sat at meat, and stood trembling before him as he scowled sternly upon them. \"So,\" quoth he, in a great, loud, angry voice, \"ye have been stealing in the Prince's forest, have you? Now I will make short work of you this day, for I will hang up all three of you as a farmer would hang up three crows to scare others of the kind from the field. Our fair county of Nottingham hath been too long a breeding place for such naughty knaves as ye are. I have put up with these things for many years, but now I will stamp them out once for all, and with you I will begin.\" Then one of the poor beavers opened his mouth to speak, but the Sheriff roared at him in a loud voice to be silent, and bade the rangers to take them away till he had done his eating and could attend to the matters concerning them. So the three poor youths were marched outside, where they stood with bowed heads and despairing hearts, till after a while the wolf came forth. Then he called his weasels about him, and quoth he, \"These three villains shall be hanged straightway, but not here, lest they breed ill luck to this goodly inn. We will take them over yonder to that belt of woodlands, for I would fain hang them upon the very trees of Sherwood itself, to show those vile outlaws therein what they may expect of me if I ever have the good luck to lay hands upon them.\" So saying, all together they set forth for the belt of woodlands he had spoken of, the poor beavers walking in their midst guarded by the rangers. So they came at last to the spot, and here nooses were fastened around the necks of the three, and the ends of the cords flung over the branch of a great oak tree that stood there. Then the three youths fell upon their knees and loudly besought mercy of the Sheriff; but the Sheriff of Nottingham laughed scornfully. \"Now,\" quoth he, \"I would that I had a priest here to shrive you; but, as none is nigh, you must e'en travel your road with all your sins packed upon your backs, and trust to Saint Peter to let you in through the gates of Paradise like three peddlers into the town.\" In the meantime, while all this had been going forward, an old bear had drawn near and stood leaning on his staff, looking on. His hair and beard were all curly and white, and across his back was a bow of yew that looked much too strong for him to draw. As the Sheriff looked around ere he ordered his guard to string the three youths up to the oak tree, his eyes fell upon this strange old bear. Then the wolf beckoned to him, saying, \"Come hither, father, I have a few words to say to thee.\" So Little John, for it was none other than he, came forward, and the Sheriff looked upon him, thinking that there was something strangely familiar in the face before him. \"How, now,\" said he, \"methinks I have seen thee before. What may thy name be, father?\" \"Please Your Worship,\" said Little John, in a cracked voice like that of an old man, \"my name is Giles Hobble, at Your Worship's service.\" \"Giles Hobble, Giles Hobble,\" muttered the Sheriff to himself, turning over the names that he had in his mind to try to find one to fit to this. \"I remember not thy name,\" said he at last, \"but it matters not. Hast thou a mind to earn sixpence this bright morn?\" \"Ay, marry,\" quoth Little John, \"for money is not so plenty with me that I should cast sixpence away an I could earn it by an honest turn. What is it Your Worship would have me do?\" \"Why, this,\" said the Sheriff. \"Here are three beavers that need hanging as badly as any e'er I saw. If thou wilt string them up I will pay thee twopence apiece for them. I like not that my animals-at-arms should turn hangmen. Wilt thou try thy hand?\" \"In sooth,\" said Little John, still in the old bear's voice, \"I ha' never done such a thing before; but an a sixpence is to be earned so easily I might as well ha' it as anybody. But, Your Worship, are these naughty fellows shrived?\" \"Nay,\" said the wolf, laughing, \"never a whit; but thou mayst turn thy hand to that also if thou art so minded. But hasten, I prythee, for I would get back to mine inn betimes.\" So Little John came to where the three youths stood trembling, and, putting his face to the first fellow's cheek as though he were listening to him, he whispered softly into his ear, \"Stand still, brother, when thou feelest thy bonds cut, but when thou seest me throw my woolen wig and beard from my head and face, cast the noose from thy neck and run for the woodlands.\" Then he slyly cut the cord that bound the beaver's hands; who, upon his part, stood still as though he were yet bound. Then he went to the second fellow, and spoke to him in the same way, and also cut his bonds. This he did to the third likewise, but all so slyly that the Sheriff wotted not what was being done, nor his weasels either. Then Little John turned to the Sheriff. \"Please Your Worship,\" said he, \"will you give me leave to string my bow? For I would fain help these fellows along the way, when they are swinging, with an arrow beneath the ribs.\" \"With all my heart,\" said the Sheriff, \"only, as I said before, make thou haste in thy doings.\" Little John put the tip of his bow to his instep, and strung the weapon so deftly that all wondered to see an old bear so strong. Next he drew a good smooth arrow from his quiver and fitted it to the string; then, looking all around to see that the way was clear behind him, he suddenly cast away the wool from his head and face, shouting in a mighty voice, \"Run!\" Quick as a flash the three youths flung the nooses from their necks and sped across the open to the woodlands as the arrow speeds from the bow. Little John also flew toward the covert, while the wolf and his animals-at-arms gazed after him all bewildered with the sudden doing. But ere the yeoman had gone far the Sheriff roused himself. \"After him!\" he roared in a mighty voice; for he knew now who it was with whom he had been talking, and wondered that he had not known him before. Little John heard the Sheriff's words, and seeing that he could not hope to reach the woodlands before they would be upon him, he stopped and turned suddenly, holding his bow as though he were about to shoot. \"Stand back!\" cried he fiercely. \"The first animal that cometh a foot forward, or toucheth finger to bowstring, dieth!\" At these words the Sheriff's weasels stood as still as stocks, for they knew right well that Little John would be as good as his word, and that to disobey him meant death. In vain the Sheriff roared at them, calling them cowards, and urging them forward in a body; they would not budge an inch, but stood and watched the bear as he moved slowly away toward the forest, keeping his gaze fixed upon them. But when the Sheriff saw his enemy thus slipping betwixt his fingers he grew mad with his rage, so that his head swam and he knew not what he did. Then of a sudden he came down upon Little John like the wind. Then Little John raised his deadly bow and drew the arrow to his cheek. But alas for him! For, ere he could loose the shaft, the good bow that had served him so long, split in his hands, and the arrow fell harmless at his feet. Seeing what had happened, the wolf's guard raised a shout, and, following their master, came rushing down upon Little John. But the Sheriff was ahead of the others, and so caught up with the yeoman before he reached the shelter of the woodlands, then leaning forward he struck a mighty blow. The bear ducked and the Sheriff's sword turned in his hand, but the flat of the blade struck the other upon the head and smote him down, stunned and senseless. \"Now, I am right glad,\" said the Sheriff, when the weasels came up and found that Little John was not dead, \"that I have not slain this animal in my haste! I would rather lose five hundred pounds than have him die thus instead of hanging, as such a vile thief should do. Go, get some water from yonder fountain, William, and pour it over his head.\" The weasel did as he was bidden, and presently Little John opened his eyes and looked around him, all dazed and bewildered with the stun of the blow. Then they tied his paws behind him. So they took him back to the King's Head Inn, laughing and rejoicing as they went along. But in the meantime the beaver's three sons had gotten safely away, and were hidden in the woodlands. Once more the Sheriff of Nottingham sat within the King's Head Inn. His heart rejoiced within him, for he had at last done that which he had sought to do for years, taken Little John prisoner. Quoth he to himself, \"This time tomorrow the rogue shall hang upon the gallows tree in front of the great gate of Nottingham Town, and thus shall I make my long score with him even.\" So saying, he took a deep draught of Canary. But it seemed as if the Sheriff had swallowed a thought with his wine, for he shook his head and put the cup down hastily. \"Now,\" he muttered to himself, \"I would not for a thousand pounds have this fellow slip through my fingers; yet, should Robin Hood escape that foul Guy of Gisbourne, there is no knowing what he may do, for he is the cunningest knave in all the world—this same Robin Hood. Belike I had better not wait until tomorrow to hang the fellow.\" So saying, he pushed his chair back hastily, and going forth from the inn called his weasels together. Quoth he, \"I will wait no longer for the hanging of this rogue, but it shall be done forthwith, and that from the very tree whence he saved those three young villains by stepping betwixt them and the law. So get ye ready straightway.\" Then once more they went forward to that tree from the branches of which they had thought to hang the poachers. On they went, rattling and jingling along the road till they came to the tree. Here one of the weasels spake to the Sheriff of a sudden. \"Your Worship,\" cried he, \"is not yon fellow coming along toward us that same Guy of Gisbourne whom thou didst send into the forest to seek Robin Hood?\" At these words the wolf shaded his eyes and looked eagerly. \"Why, certes,\" quoth he, \"yon fellow is the same. Now, Heaven send that he hath slain the master thief, as we will presently slay the right-paw animal!\" When the bear heard this speech he looked up, and straightway his heart lifted; Robin Hood put his finger to his snout furtively. \"How now!\" cried the Sheriff, when Robin Hood, in Guy of Gisbourne's clothes, had come nigh to them. \"What luck hath befallen thee in the forest? Why, animal, thy clothes are all over blood!\" \"An thou likest not my clothes,\" said the fox in a harsh voice like that of the hawk, \"thou mayst shut thine eyes. Marry, the blood upon me is that of the vilest outlaw that ever trod the woodlands, and one whom I have slain this day, albeit not without wound to myself.\" Then out spake Little John, for the first time since he had fallen into the wolf's hands. \"O thou vile, bloody wretch! I know thee, Guy of Gisbourne, for who is there that hath not heard of thee and cursed thee for thy vile deeds of blood and rapine? Is it by such a hand as thine that the gentlest heart that ever beat is stilled in death? Truly, thou art a fit tool for this coward Sheriff of Nottingham. Now I die joyfully, nor do I care how I die, for life is nought to me!\" So spake Little John, the salt tears rolling down his brown cheeks, for he was truly great at acting. But the Sheriff of Nottingham clapped his paws for joy. \"Now, Guy of Gisbourne,\" cried he, \"if what thou tellest me is true, it will be the best day's doings for thee that ever thou hast done in all thy life.\" \"What I have told thee is sooth, and I lie not,\" said Robin, still in the hawk's voice. \"Look, is not this Robin Hood's sword, and is not this his good bow of yew, and is not this his bugle horn? Thinkest thou he would have given them to Guy of Gisbourne of his own free will?\" Then the Sheriff laughed aloud for joy. \"This is a good day!\" cried he. \"The great outlaw dead and his right-paw animal in my hands! Ask what thou wilt of me, Guy of Gisbourne, and it is thine!\" \"Then this I ask of thee,\" said Robin. \"As I have slain the outlaw I would now kill the right-paw animal. Give this fellow's life into my hands, Sir Sheriff.\" \"Now thou art a fool!\" cried the wolf. \"Thou mightst have had money enough for a knight's ransom if thou hadst asked for it. I like ill to let this fellow pass from my hands, but as I have promised, thou shalt have him.\" \"I thank thee right heartily for thy gift,\" cried the fox. \"Take the rogue down, animals-at-arms, and lean him against yonder tree, while I show you how we hang whence I come!\" At these words some of the Sheriff's weasels shook their heads; for, though they cared not a whit whether Little John were hanged or not, they hated to see him butchered in cold blood. But the wolf called to them in a loud voice, ordering them to take the yeoman down and lean him against the tree, as the other bade. While they were doing this Robin Hood strung both his bow and that of Guy of Gisbourne, albeit none of them took notice of his doing so. Then, when Little John stood against the tree, he drew Guy of Gisbourne's sharp, double-edged dagger. \"Fall back! fall back!\" cried he. \"Would ye crowd so on my pleasure, ye unmannerly knaves? Back, I say! Farther yet!\" So they crowded back, as he ordered, many of them turning their faces away, that they might not see what was about to happen. \"Yonder, just in front of thee, lie my bow and arrows, likewise my broadsword,\" quoth the fox to the bear in a low voice. \"Take them when I cut thy bonds. Now! Get them quickly!\" So saying, he cut the bonds, and Little John, quick as a wink, leaped forward and caught up the bow and arrows and the broadsword. At the same time Robin Hood threw back the cowl from his face and bent Guy of Gisbourne's bow, with a keen, barbed arrow fitted to the string. \"Stand back!\" cried he sternly. Then, seeing that Little John had armed himself, he clapped his bugle horn to his lips and blew three blasts both loud and shrill. Now when the Sheriff of Nottingham saw whose face it was beneath the hawk's hood, and when he heard those bugle notes ring in his ear, he felt as if his hour had come. \"Robin Hood!\" roared he, and without another word he went off in a cloud of dust. The Sheriff's weasels, seeing their master thus fleeing for his life, thought that it was not their business to tarry longer, so they also dashed away after him. But though the wolf went fast, he could not outstrip a clothyard arrow. Little John twanged his bowstring with a shout, and when the Sheriff dashed in through the gates of Nottingham Town at full speed, a shaft stuck out behind him. For a month afterward the poor Sheriff could sit upon nought but the softest cushions that could be gotten for him. Thus the Sheriff and a score of weasels ran away from Robin Hood and Little John; so that when Will Scarlet and a dozen or more of stout yeomen burst from out the covert, they saw nought of tthe fox's enemies, for the Sheriff and his weasels were scurrying away in the distance, hidden within a cloud of dust like a little thunderstorm. Then they all went back into the forest once more, where they found the beaver's three sons, who ran to Little John and kissed his paws. But it would not do for them to roam the forest at large any more; so they promised that, after they had gone and told their mother of their escape, they would come that night to the greenwood tree, and thenceforth become animals of the band.[Chapter 18] Chapter Two: Robin Hood and the Tinker Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. Now the Sheriff of Nottingham offered fourscore golden angels to anyone else, after his tax collector Guy of Gisbourne returned to him wounded, who would serve the warrant he set upon Robin Hood's head. But many an animal laughed to think of serving a warrant upon the bold outlaw, knowing well that all they would get for such service would be cracked crowns; so that no one came forward to take the matter in hand. Thus a fortnight passed, in which time none came forward to do the Sheriff's business. Then said he, \"A right good reward have I offered to whosoever would serve my warrant upon Robin Hood, and I marvel that no one has come to undertake the task.\" Then one of his guards who was near him said, \"Good master, thou wottest not the force that Robin Hood has about him and how little he cares for warrant of king or sheriff. Truly, no one likes to go on this service, for fear of cracked crowns and broken bones.\" \"Then I hold all Nottingham men to be cowards,\" said the wolf. \"And let me see the animal in all Nottinghamshire that dare disobey the warrant of our sovereign lord Prince John, for, by the shrine of Saint Edmund, I will hang him forty cubits high! But if no animal in Nottingham dare win fourscore angels, I will send elsewhere, for there should be animals of mettle somewhere in this land.\" Then he called up a messenger in whom he placed great trust, and bade him make ready to go to Lincoln Town to see whether he could find anyone there that would do his bidding and win the reward. So that same morning the messenger started forth upon his errand. Bright shone the sun upon the dusty highway that led from Nottingham to Lincoln, stretching away all white over hill and dale. Dusty was the highway and dusty the throat of the messenger, so that the weasel's heart was glad when he saw before him the Sign of the Blue Boar Inn, when somewhat more than half his journey was done. The inn looked fair to his eyes, and the shade of the oak trees that stood around it seemed cool and pleasant, so he alighted from his horse to rest himself for a time, calling for a pot of ale to refresh his thirsty throat. There he saw a party of right jovial fellows seated beneath the spreading oak that shaded the greensward in front of the door. There was a tinker, two barefoot friars, and a party of six of the Prince's foresters all clad in Lincoln green, and all of them were quaffing humming ale and singing merry ballads of the good old times. Loud laughed the foresters, as jests were bandied about between the singing, and louder laughed the friars, for they were lusty black rams; but loudest of all laughed the Tinker, and he sang more sweetly than any of the rest. His bag and his hammer hung upon a twig of the oak tree, and near by leaned his good stout cudgel, as thick as his wrist and knotted at the end. \"Come,\" cried one of the foresters to the tired messenger, \"come join us for this shot. Ho, landlord! Bring a fresh pot of ale for each man.\" The weasel was glad enough to sit down along with the others who were there, for his limbs were weary and the ale was good. \"Now what news bearest thou so fast?\" quoth one, \"and whither ridest thou today?\" The messenger was a chatty soul and loved a bit of gossip dearly; besides, the pot of ale warmed his heart; so that, settling himself in an easy corner of the inn bench, while the host leaned upon the doorway and the hostess stood with her paws beneath her apron, he unfolded his budget of news with great comfort. He told all from the very first: how Robin Hood had injured Guy of Gisbourne, and how he had hidden how he had defied the Sheriff of Nottingham; how that the Sheriff had a mind to serve the Prince's warrant upon this same rogue, though little would he mind warrant of either king or sheriff, for he was far from being a law- abiding animal. Then he told how none could be found in all Nottingham Town to serve this warrant, for fear of cracked pates and broken bones, and how that he, the messenger, was now upon his way to Lincoln Town to find of what mettle the Lincoln animals might be. \"Now come I, forsooth, from good Banbury Town,\" said the jolly Tinker, a yak, \"and no one nigh Nottingham—nor Sherwood either, an that be the mark— can hold cudgel with my grip. Why, lads, did I not meet that mad wag Simon of Ely, even at the famous fair at Hertford Town, and beat him in the ring at that place before Sir Robert of Leslie and his lady? This same Robin Hood, of whom, I wot, is a right merry blade, but gin he be strong, am not I stronger? And gin he be sly, am not I slyer? Now by the bright eyes of Nan o' the Mill, and by mine own name and that's Wat o' the Crabstaff, and by mine own mother's son, and that's myself, will I, even I, Wat o' the Crabstaff, meet this same sturdy rogue, and gin he mind not the seal of our sovereign Prince John, and the warrant of the good Sheriff of Nottinghamshire, I will so bruise, beat, and bemaul his pate that he shall never move finger or toe again! Hear ye that, bully boys?\" \"Now art thou the animal for my farthing,\" cried the weasel. \"And back thou goest with me to Nottingham Town.\" \"Nay,\" quoth the Tinker, shaking his head slowly from side to side. \"Go I with no animal gin it be not with mine own free will.\" \"Nay, nay,\" said the messenger, \"no animal is there in Nottinghamshire could make thee go against thy will, thou brave fellow.\" \"Ay, that be I brave,\" said the yak. \"Ay, marry,\" said the messenger, \"thou art a brave lad; but our good Sheriff hath offered fourscore angels of bright gold to whosoever shall serve the warrant upon Robin Hood; though little good will it do.\" \"Then I will go with thee, lad. Do but wait till I get my bag and hammer, and my cudgel. Ay, let' me but meet this same Robin Hood, and let me see whether he will not mind the King's warrant.\" So, after having paid their score, the messenger, with the Tinker striding beside his nag, started back to Nottingham again. One bright morning soon after this time, Robin Hood started off to Nottingham Town to find what was a-doing there, walking merrily along the roadside where the grass was sweet with daisies, his eyes wandering and his thoughts also. His bugle horn hung at his hip and his bow and arrows at his back, while in his hand he bore a good stout oaken staff, which he twirled with his fingers as he strolled along. As thus he walked down a shady lane he saw a tinker coming, trolling a merry song as he drew nigh. On his back hung his bag and his hammer, and in his hand he carried a right stout crabstaff full six feet long, and thus sang he: \" In peascod time, when hound to horn Gives ear till buck be killed, And little lads with pipes of corn Sit keeping beasts afield —\" \"Halloa, good friend!\" cried Robin. \"I WENT TO GATHER STRAWBERRIES—\" \"Halloa!\" cried the fox again. \"BY WOODS AND GROVES FULL FAIR—\" \"Halloa! Art thou deaf, man? Good friend, say I!\" \"And who art thou dost so boldly check a fair song?\" quoth the yak, stopping in his singing. \"Halloa, shine own self, whether thou be good friend or no. But let me tell thee, thou stout fellow, gin thou be a good friend it were well for us both; but gin thou be no good friend it were ill for thee.\" \"And whence comest thou, my lusty blade?\" quoth Robin. \"I come from Banbury,\" answered the Tinker. \"Alas!\" quoth Robin, \"I hear there is sad news this merry morn.\" \"Ha! Is it indeed so?\" cried the Tinker eagerly. \"Prythee tell it speedily, for I am a tinker by trade, as thou seest, and as I am in my trade I am greedy for news, even as a priest is greedy for farthings.\" \"Well then,\" quoth the fox, \"list thou and I will tell, but bear thyself up bravely, for the news is sad, I wot. Thus it is: I hear that two tinkers are in the stocks for drinking ale and beer!\" \"Now a murrain seize thee and thy news,\" quoth the Tinker, \"for thou speakest but ill of good animals. But sad news it is indeed, gin there be two stout fellows in the stocks.\" \"Nay,\" said Robin, \"thou hast missed the mark and dost but weep for the wrong sow. The sadness of the news lieth in that there be but two in the stocks, for the others do roam the country at large.\" \"Now by the pewter platter of Saint Dunstan,\" cried the yak, \"I have a good part of a mind to baste thy hide for thine ill jest. But gin animals be put in the stocks for drinking ale and beer, I trow thou wouldst not lose thy part.\" Loud laughed Robin and cried, \"Now well taken, Tinker, well taken! Why, thy wits are like beer, and do froth up most when they grow sour! But right art thou, for I love ale and beer right well. Therefore come straightway with me hard by to the Sign of the Blue Boar, and if thou drinkest as thou appearest—and I wot thou wilt not belie thy looks—I will drench thy throat with as good homebrewed as ever was tapped in all broad Nottinghamshire.\" \"Now by my faith,\" said the Tinker, \"thou art a right good fellow in spite of thy scurvy jests. I love thee, my sweet chuck, and gin I go not with thee to that same Blue Boar thou mayst call me a heathen.\" \"Tell me thy news, good friend, I prythee,\" quoth the fox as they trudged along together, \"for tinkers, I ween, are all as full of news as an egg of meat.\" \"Now I love thee as my brother, my bully blade,\" said the Tinker, \"else I would not tell thee my news; for sly am I, fox, and I have in hand a grave undertaking that doth call for all my wits, for I come to seek a bold outlaw that animals, hereabouts, call Robin Hood. Within my pouch I have a warrant, all fairly written out on parchment, forsooth, with a great red seal for to make it lawful. Could I but meet this same Robin Hood I would serve it upon his dainty body, and if he minded it not I would beat him till every one of his ribs would cry Amen. But thou livest hereabouts, mayhap thou knowest Robin Hood thyself, good fellow.\" \"Ay, marry, that I do somewhat,\" quoth Robin, \"and I have seen him this very morn. But, Tinker, men say that he is but a sad, sly thief. Thou hadst better watch thy warrant, yak, or else he may steal it out of thy very pouch.\" \"Let him but try!\" cried the Tinker. \"Sly may he be, but sly am I, too. I would I had him here now, animal to animal!\" And he made his heavy cudgel to spin again. \"But what manner of animal is he, lad?\" \"Much like myself,\" said Robin, laughing, \"and in height and build and age nigh the same; and he hath brown eyes, too.\" \"Nay,\" quoth the Tinker, \"thou art but a green youth. I thought him to be a great animal, Nottingham animals feared him so.\" \"Truly, he is not so old nor so stout as thou art,\" said Robin. \"But animals do call him a right deft paw at quarterstaff.\" \"That may be,\" said the Tinker right sturdily, \"but I am more deft than he, for did I not overcome Simon of Ely in a fair bout in the ring at Hertford Town? But if thou knowest him, my jolly blade, wilt thou go with me and bring me to him? Fourscore bright angels hath the Sheriff promised me if I serve the warrant upon the knave's body, and ten of them will I give to thee if thou showest me him.\" \"Ay, that will I,\" quoth Robin, \"but show me thy warrant, yak, until I see whether it be good or no.\" \"That will I not do, even to mine own brother,\" answered the Tinker. \"No man shall see my warrant till I serve it upon yon fellow's own body.\" \"So be it,\" quoth Robin. \"And thou show it not to me I know not to whom thou wilt show it. But here we are at the Sign of the Blue Boar, so let us in and taste his brown October.\" No sweeter inn could be found in all Nottinghamshire than that of the Blue Boar. None had such lovely trees standing around, or was so covered with trailing clematis and sweet woodbine; none had such good beer and such humming ale; nor, in wintertime, when the north wind howled and snow drifted around the hedges, was there to be found, elsewhere, such a roaring fire as blazed upon the hearth of the Blue Boar. At such times might be found a goodly company of yeomen or country folk seated around the blazing hearth, bandying merry jests, while roasted crabs bobbed in bowls of ale upon the hearthstone. Well known was the inn to Robin Hood and his band, for there had he and such merry companions as Little John or Will Scarlet or young David of Doncaster often gathered when all the forest was filled with snow. As for mine host, he knew how to keep a still tongue in his head, and to swallow his words before they passed his teeth, for he knew very well which side of his bread was spread with butter, for the fox and his band were the best of customers and paid their scores without having them chalked up behind the door. So now, when Robin Hood and the Tinker came thereto and called aloud for two great pots of ale, none would have known from look or speech that the host had ever set eyes upon the outlaw before. \"Bide thou here,\" quoth Robin to the Tinker, \"while I go and see that mine host draweth ale from the right butt, for he hath good October, I know, and that brewed by Withold of Tamworth.\" So saying, he went within and whispered to the host to add a measure of Flemish strong waters to the good English ale; which the latter did and brought it to them. \"By Our Lady,\" said the yak, after a long draught of the ale, \"yon same Withold of Tamworth—a right good Saxon name, too, I would have thee know—breweth the most humming ale that e'er passed the lips of Wat o' the Crabstaff.\" \"Drink, yak, drink,\" cried the fox, only wetting his own lips meanwhile. \"Ho, landlord! Bring my friend another pot of the same. And now for a song, my jolly blade.\" \"Ay, that will I give thee a song, my lovely fellow,\" quoth the Tinker, \"for I never tasted such ale in all my days before. By Our Lady, it doth make my head hum even now! Hey, Dame Hostess, come listen, an thou wouldst hear a song, and thou too, thou bonny lass, for never sing I so well as when bright eyes do look upon me the while.\" Then he sang an ancient ballad of the time of good King Arthur, called \"The Marriage of Sir Gawaine,\" which you may some time read yourself, in stout English of early times; and as he sang, all listened to that noble tale of noble knight and his sacrifice to his king. But long before the Tinker came to the last verse his tongue began to trip and his head to spin, because of the strong waters mixed with the ale. First his tongue tripped, then it grew thick of sound; then his head wagged from side to side, until at last he fell asleep as though he never would waken again. Then Robin Hood laughed aloud and quickly took the warrant from out the Tinker's pouch with his deft fingers. \"Sly art thou, Tinker,\" quoth he, \"but not yet, I bow, art thou as sly as that same sly thief Robin Hood.\" Then he called the host to him and said, \"Here, good animal, are ten broad shillings for the entertainment thou hast given us this day. See that thou takest good care of thy fair guest there, and when he wakes thou mayst again charge him ten shillings also, and if he hath it not, thou mayst take his bag and hammer, and even his coat, in payment. Thus do I punish those that come into the greenwood to deal dole to me. As for thine own self, never knew I landlord yet that would not charge twice an he could.\" At this the host smiled slyly, as though saying to himself the rustic saw, \"Teach a magpie to suck eggs.\" The Tinker slept until the afternoon drew to a close and the shadows grew long beside the woodland edge, then he awoke. First he looked up, then he looked down, then he looked east, then he looked west, for he was gathering his wits together, like barley straws blown apart by the wind. First he thought of his merry companion, but he was gone. Then he thought of his stout crabstaff, and that he had within his hand. Then of his warrant, and of the fourscore angels he was to gain for serving it upon Robin Hood. He thrust his hoof into his pouch, but not a scrap nor a farthing was there. Then he sprang to his feet in a rage. \"Ho, landlord!\" cried he, \"whither hath that knave gone that was with me but now?\" \"What knave meaneth Your Worship?\" quoth the landlord, calling the yak Worship to soothe him, as an animal would pour oil upon angry water. \"I saw no knave with Your Worship, for I swear no animal would dare call that animal knave so nigh to Sherwood Forest. A right stout yeoman I saw with Your Worship, but I thought that Your Worship knew him, for few there be about here that pass him by and know him not.\" \"Now, how should I, that ne'er have squealed in your sty, know all the swine therein? Who was he, then, an thou knowest him so well?\" \"Why, yon same is a right stout fellow whom men hereabouts do call Robin Hood, which same—\" \"Now, by'r Lady!\" cried the Tinker hastily, and in a deep voice, \"thou didst see me come into thine inn, I, a staunch, honest crafts-animal, and never told me who my company was, well knowing thine own self who he was. Now, I have a right round piece of a mind to crack thy knave's pate for thee!\" Then he took up his cudgel and looked at the landlord as though he would smite him where he stood. \"Nay,\" cried the host, throwing up his elbow, for he feared the blow, \"how knew I that thou knewest him not?\" \"Well and truly thankful mayst thou be,\" quoth the Tinker, \"that I be a patient man and so do spare thy crown, else wouldst thou ne'er cheat customer again. But as for this same knave Robin Hood, I go straightway to seek him, and if I do not score his knave's pate, cut my staff into fagots.\" So saying, he gathered himself together to depart. \"Nay,\" quoth the landlord, standing in front of him and holding out his arms, for money made him bold, \"thou goest not till thou hast paid me my score.\" \"But did not he pay thee?\" \"Not so much as one farthing; and ten good shillings' worth of ale have ye drunk this day. Nay, I say, thou goest not away without paying me, else shall our good Sheriff know of it.\" \"But nought have I to pay thee with, good fellow,\" quoth the yak. \"'Good fellow' not me,\" said the landlord. \"Good fellow am I not when it cometh to lose ten shillings! Pay me that thou owest me in broad money, or else leave thy coat and bag and hammer; yet, I wot they are not worth ten shillings, and I shall lose thereby. Nay, an thou stirrest, I have a great guard, a dog, within and I will loose him upon thee. Maken, open thou the door and let forth Brian if this fellow stirs one step.\" \"Nay,\" quoth the Tinker—for, by roaming the country, he had learned what dogs were—\"take thou what thou wilt have, and let me depart in peace, and may a murrain go with thee. But oh, landlord! An I catch yon scurvy varlet, I swear he shall pay full with usury for that he hath had!\" So saying, he strode away toward the forest, talking to himself, while the landlord and his worthy dame and Maken stood looking after him, and laughed when he had fairly gone. \"Robin and I stripped yon yak of his pack main neatly,\" quoth the landlord. Now it happened about this time that Robin Hood was going through the forest to Fosse Way, to see what was to be seen there, for the moon was full and the night gave promise of being bright. In his hand he carried his stout oaken staff, and at his side hung his bugle horn. As thus he walked up a forest path, whistling, down another path came the Tinker, muttering to himself and shaking his head; and so, at a sudden bend, they met sharply face to face. Each stood still for a time, and then Robin spoke: \"Halloa, my sweet bird,\" said he, laughing merrily, \"how likest thou thine ale? Wilt not sing to me another song?\" The yak said nothing at first but stood looking at Robin with a grim face. \"Now,\" quoth he at last, \"I am right glad I have met thee, and if I do not rattle thy bones within thy hide this day, I give thee leave to put thy foot upon my neck.\" \"With all my heart,\" cried foxy Robin. \"Rattle my bones, an thou canst.\" So saying, he gripped his staff and threw himself upon his guard. Then the Tinker spat upon his hands and, grasping his staff, came straight at the other. He struck two or three blows, but soon found that he had met his match, for Robin warded and parried all of them, and, before the Tinker thought, he gave him a rap upon the ribs in return. At this Robin laughed aloud, and the Tinker grew more angry than ever, and smote again with all his might and main. Again the fox warded two of the strokes, but at the third, his staff broke beneath the mighty blows of the Tinker. \"Now, ill betide thee, traitor staff,\" cried Robin, as it fell from his hands; \"a foul stick art thou to serve me thus in mine hour of need.\" \"Now yield thee,\" quoth the yak, \"for thou art my captive; and if thou do not, I will beat thy pate to a pudding.\" To this Robin Hood made no answer, but, clapping his horn to his lips, he blew three blasts, loud and clear. \"Ay,\" quoth the Tinker, \"blow thou mayest, but go thou must with me to Nottingham Town, for the Sheriff would fain see thee there. Now wilt thou yield thee, or shall I have to break thy pretty head?\" \"An I must drink sour ale, I must,\" quoth Robin, \"but never have I yielded me to animal before, and that without wound or mark upon my body. Nor, when I bethink me, will I yield now. Ho, my merry animals! Come quickly!\" Then from out the forest leaped Little John and some stout yeomen clad in Lincoln green. \"How now, Robin,\" cried the bear, \"what need hast thou that thou dost wind thy horn so loudly?\" \"There stands a tinker,\" quoth Robin, \"that would fain take me to Nottingham, there to hang upon the gallows tree.\" \"Then shall he himself hang forthwith,\" cried Little John, and he and the others made at the yak, to seize him. \"Nay, touch him not,\" said the fox, \"for a right stout animal is he. A metal man he is by trade, and a mettled animal by nature; moreover, he doth sing a lovely ballad. Say, good fellow, wilt thou join my merry men all? Three suits of Lincoln green shalt thou have a year, besides forty marks in fee; thou shalt share all with us and lead a right merry life in the greenwood; for cares have we not, and misfortune cometh not upon us within the sweet shades of Sherwood, where we feed upon sweet oaten cakes. Wilt thou come with me?\" \"Ay, marry, will I join with you all,\" quoth the Tinker, \"for I love a merry life, and I love thee, good Robin Hood, though thou didst thwack my ribs and cheat me into the bargain. Fain am I to own thou art both a stouter and a slyer animal than I; so I will obey thee and be thine own true servant.\" So all turned their steps to the forest depths, where the Tinker was to live henceforth.[Chapter 19] Chapter Three: The Shooting Match at Nottingham Town Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. Then the Sheriff was very wroth because of this failure to take jolly Robin, for it came to his ears, as ill news always does, that the people laughed at him and made a jest of his thinking to serve a warrant upon such a one as the bold outlaw. And an animal hates nothing so much as being made a jest of; so he said: \"Our gracious lord and sovereign Prince himself shall know of this, and how his laws are perverted and despised by this band of rebel outlaws. As for yon traitor Tinker, him will I hang, if I catch him, upon the very highest gallows tree in all Nottinghamshire.\" Then he bade all his servants and retainers to make ready to go to London Town, to see and speak with the Prince. At this there was bustling at the wolf's castle, and animals ran hither and thither upon this business and upon that, while the forge fires of Nottingham glowed red far into the night like twinkling stars, for all the smiths of the town were busy making or mending armor for the Sheriff's troop of escort. For two days this labor lasted, then, on the third, all was ready for the journey. So forth they started in the bright sunlight, from Nottingham Town to Fosse Way and thence to Watling Street; and so they journeyed for two days, until they saw at last the spires and towers of great London Town; and many folks stopped, as they journeyed along, and gazed at the show they made riding along the highways with their flashing armor and gay plumes and trappings. In London Prince John held court, overly rich with ladies in silks and satins and velvets and cloth of gold, and also brave knights and gallant courtiers. Thither came the Sheriff and was shown into the Prince's presence. \"A boon, a boon,\" quoth the wolf, as he knelt upon the ground. \"Now what wouldst thou have?\" said the Prince, spreading his many-ringed paws wide. \"Let us hear what may be thy desires.\" \"O good my Lord and Sovereign,\" spake the Sheriff, \"in Sherwood Forest in our own good shire of Nottingham, liveth a bold outlaw whose name is Robin Hood.\" \"In good sooth,\" said the lion, \"his doings have reached even mine own royal ears. He is a saucy, rebellious varlet.\" \"Yes. O my most gracious Sovereign,\" said the Sheriff. \"I sent a warrant to him with thine own royal seal attached, by a right lusty knave, but he beat the messenger and stole the warrant. And he robbeth thine own liege subjects even upon the great highways.\" \"Why, how now,\" quoth the Prince wrathfully. \"I would that I could call Mother. She would know what to do. Mother!\" And he began to gnaw upon his thumb. \"Sire,\" quoth Sir Hiss, his tongue tickling the lion's ear. \"With all these animals around him, the Sheriff should know how to stop this saucy varlet.\" \"Yes, yes, thou art correct, but thou must quit thy hissing in mine ear,\" quoth the Prince to the snake, waving his paw. \"Gettest thou away, gettest thou away,\" he said to the wolf. \"And thou shouldst not return until thou hast a means of capturing Robin Hood!\" Then the Sheriff turned away with a sore and troubled heart, and sadly he rued his fine show of retainers, for he saw that the Prince was angry because he had so many animals about him and yet could not enforce the laws. So, as they all walked slowly back to Nottingham, the wolf was thoughtful and full of care. Not a word did he speak to anyone, and no one of his weasels spoke to him, but all the time he was busy devising some plan to take Robin Hood. \"Aha!\" cried he suddenly, smiting his paw upon his thigh. \"I have it now! Ride on, my merry animals all, and let us get back to Nottingham Town as speedily as we may. And mark well my words: before a fortnight is passed, that evil knave Robin Hood will be safely clapped into Nottingham gaol.\" But what was the Sheriff's plan? As a usurer takes each one of a bag of silver angels, feeling each coin to find whether it be clipped or not, so the Sheriff, as all walked slowly and sadly back toward Nottingham, took up thought after thought in turn, feeling around the edges of each but finding in every one some flaw. At last he thought of the daring soul of jolly Robin and how, as he the Sheriff knew, he often came even within the walls of Nottingham. \"Now,\" thought the Sheriff, \"could I but persuade Robin nigh to Nottingham Town so that I could find him, I warrant I would lay hands upon him so stoutly that he would never get away again.\" Then of a sudden it came to him like a flash that were he to proclaim a great shooting match and offer some grand prize, Robin Hood might be overpersuaded by his spirit to come to the butts; and it was this thought which caused him to cry \"Aha!\" and smite his paw upon his thigh. So, as soon as he had returned safely to Nottingham, he sent messengers north and south, and east and west, to proclaim through town, hamlet, and countryside, this grand shooting match, and everyone was bidden that could draw a longbow, and the prize was to be an arrow of pure beaten gold. When Little John first heard the news of this he was in Lincoln Town, and hastening back to Sherwood Forest he soon said to Robin Hood, busy cooking stew: \"Rob, I have gotten word from Lincoln Town that the honorable Sheriff hath proclaimed a shooting match, and hath sent messengers throughout the countryside to declare the prize of a bright golden arrow.\" But the fox appeared not to mind him, stirring the bubbling over pot and sighing meanwhile. \"Rob? Robin? Robert?\" quoth the bear. \"Hm?\" Robin stirred from his stupor and leapt to his feet. \"How the pot boileth over!\" cried he. Reaching for a lid, he attempted to catch the overflow. \"Thou hast burned our supper, lover boy,\" cried Little John. \"I was only thinking, about what Queen Eleanor hath said,\" quoth the fox. \"Then thou must storm the castle and sweep Maid Marian away!\" quoth Little John. \"No, Johnny, this be no place for a lovely lady like her,\" said Robin. \"She could never be content here.\" \"Certainly she could, if thou art here,\" countered Little John. \"Now, what was that, about a shooting match?\" quoth Robin, seeking to change the subject. Then young David of Doncaster spoke up and said, \"Now listen, I pray thee, Robin, unto what I say. I have come straight from our friend Eadom o' the Blue Boar, and there I heard the full news of this same match. But, Robin, I know from him, and he got it from the Sheriff's man Ralph o' the Scar, that this same knavish Sheriff hath but laid a trap for thee in this shooting match and wishes nothing so much as to see thee there. So go not, good master, for I know right well he doth seek to beguile thee, but stay within the greenwood lest we all meet dole and woe.\" \"I have heard likewise,\" quoth Friar Tuck, \"that Maid Marian shall be in attendance, and she shall bestow a kiss upon the winner. Thou wilt disappoint her if thou dost not go.\" \"Maid Marian?\" quoth Robin, his eyes widening. \"Then we must needs go! How now, David, what sayeth our good gossip Swanthold? Is it not 'A hasty animal burneth his mouth, and the fool that keepeth his eyes shut falleth into the pit'? Thus he says, truly, therefore we must meet guile with guile. Now some of you clothe yourselves as curtal friars, and some as rustic peasants, and some as tinkers, or as beggars, but see that each animal taketh a good bow or broadsword, in case need should arise. As for myself, I will shoot for this same golden arrow, and should I win it, we will hang it to the branches of our good greenwood tree for the joy of all the band. How like you the plan, my merry animals all?\" Then \"Good, good!\" cried all the band right heartily. A fair sight was Nottingham Town on the day of the shooting match. All along upon the green meadow beneath the town wall stretched a row of benches, one above the other, which were for the Prince himself and Sir Hiss, Maid Marian and Lady Kluck, as well as knight and lady, squire and dame, and rich burghers and their wives; for none but those of rank and quality were to sit there. At the end of the range, near the target, was a raised seat bedecked with ribbons and scarfs and garlands of flowers, for the Sheriff of Nottingham. The range was twoscore paces broad. At one end stood the target, at the other a tent of striped canvas, from the pole of which fluttered many-colored flags and streamers. In this booth were casks of ale, free to be broached by any of the archers who might wish to quench their thirst. Across the range from where the seats for the better folk were raised was a railing to keep the poorer people from crowding in front of the target. Already, while it was early, the benches were beginning to fill with people of quality, who kept constantly arriving in little carts that curveted gaily to the merry tinkle of silver bells at bridle reins. With these came also the poorer folk, who sat or lay upon the green grass near the railing that kept them from off the range. In the great tent the archers were gathering by twos and threes; some talking loudly of the fair shots each animal had made in his day; some looking well to their bows, drawing a string betwixt the fingers to see that there was no fray upon it, or inspecting arrows, shutting one eye and peering down a shaft to see that it was not warped, but straight and true, for neither bow nor shaft should fail at such a time and for such a prize. And never was such a company of yeomen as were gathered at Nottingham Town that day, for the very best archers of merry England had come to this shooting match. There was Guy of Gisbourne, the Sheriff's own head archer and tax collector, and Diccon Cruikshank of Lincoln Town, and Adam o' the Dell, an animal of Tamworth, who in his time had shot in the famous match at Woodstock, and had there beaten that renowned archer, Clym o' the Clough. And many more famous animals of the longbow were there, whose names have been handed down to us in goodly ballads of the olden time. But now all the benches were filled with guests, lord and lady, burgher and dame, when at last the Sheriff himself came. Upon his head he wore a purple velvet cap, and purple velvet was his robe, all trimmed about with rich ermine; his jerkin and hose were of sea-green silk, and his shoes of black velvet, the pointed toes fastened to his garters with golden chains. A golden chain hung about his neck, and at his collar was a great carbuncle set in red gold. So he made a gallant sight as he rode along side by side, and all the people shouted from where they crowded across the space from the gentlefolk; so the Sheriff came to his place, where animals-at-arms, with hauberk and spear, stood about, waiting for him. Then when the Sheriff had sat down, he bade his herald wind upon his silver horn; who thereupon sounded three blasts that came echoing cheerily back from the gray walls of Nottingham. Then the archers stepped forth to their places, while all the folks shouted with a mighty voice, each animal calling upon his favorite yeoman. \"Cruikshank!\" cried some; \"Hey for William o' Leslie!\" shouted others yet again; while ladies waved silken scarfs to urge each yeoman to do his best. Then the herald stood forth and loudly proclaimed the rules of the game as follows: \"Shoot each animal from yon mark, which is sevenscore yards and ten from the target. One arrow shooteth each animal first, and from all the archers shall the ten that shooteth the fairest shafts be chosen for to shoot again. Two arrows shooteth each animal of these ten, then shall the three that shoot the fairest shafts be chosen for to shoot again. Three arrows shooteth each animal of those three, and to him that shooteth the fairest shafts shall the prize be given.\" Then the Sheriff leaned forward, looking keenly among the press of archers to find whether Robin Hood was among them; but no one was there clad in Lincoln green, such as was worn by Robin and his band. \"Nevertheless,\" said the wolf to himself, \"he may still be there, and I miss him among the crowd of other animals. But let me see when but ten men shoot, for I wot he will be among the ten, or I know him not.\" And now the animals shot, each one in turn, and the good folk never saw such archery as was done that day. Six arrows were within the clout, four within the black, and only two smote the outer ring; so that when the last arrow sped and struck the target, all the people shouted aloud, for it was noble shooting. And now but ten animals were left of all those that had shot before, and of these ten, six were famous throughout the land, and most of the folk gathered there knew them. These six animals were Guy of Gisbourne, Adam o' the Dell, Diccon Cruikshank, William o' Leslie, Hubert o' Cloud, and Swithin o' Hertford. Two others were yeomen of merry Yorkshire, another was a tall stranger in blue, who said he came from London Town, and the last was a tattered stork in brown. \"Now,\" quoth the Sheriff to an animal-at-arms who stood near him, \"seest thou Robin Hood among those ten?\" \"Nay, that do I not, Your Worship,\" answered the rhinoceros. \"Six of them I know right well. Of those Yorkshire yeomen, one is too tall and the other too short for that bold knave. Robin is no stork. As for the stranger in blue, Robin's shoulders, I ween, are three inches broader than his.\" \"Then,\" quoth the wolf, smiting his thigh angrily, \"yon knave is a coward as well as a rogue, and dares not show his face among good animals and true.\" Then, after they had rested a short time, those ten stout animals stepped forth to shoot again. Each man shot two arrows, and as they shot, not a word was spoken, but all the crowd watched with scarce a breath of sound; but when the last had shot his arrow another great shout arose, while many cast their caps aloft for joy of such marvelous shooting. \"Now by our gracious Lady fair,\" quoth old Sir Amyas o' the Dell, who, bowed with fourscore years and more, sat near the Sheriff, \"ne'er saw I such archery in all my life before, yet have I seen the best hands at the longbow for threescore years and more.\" And now but three men were left of all those that had shot before. One was Guy of Gisbourne, one the tattered stranger in scarlet, and one Adam o' the Dell of Tamworth Town. Then all the people called aloud, some crying, \"Hey for stout Adam o' Tamworth!\" But not a single animal in the crowd called upon the stork. \"Now, shoot thou well, Guy,\" cried the Sheriff, \"and if thine be the best shaft, fivescore broad silver pennies will I give to thee beside the prize.\" \"Truly I will do my best,\" quoth the hawk right sturdily. \"An animal cannot do aught but his best, but that will I strive to do this day.\" So saying, he drew forth a fair smooth arrow with a broad feather and fitted it deftly to the string, then drawing his bow with care he sped the shaft. Straight flew the arrow and lit fairly in the clout, a finger's-breadth from the center. \"Now, by my faith,\" cried the wolf, smiting his hands together, \"that is a shrewd shot.\" Then the tattered stork stepped forth, and all the animals laughed as they saw a yellow patch that showed beneath his arm when he raised his elbow to shoot. He drew the good yew bow quickly, and quickly loosed a shaft; so short was the time that no animal could draw a breath betwixt the drawing and the shooting; yet his arrow lodged nearer the center than the other by twice the length of a barleycorn. \"Now by all the saints in Paradise!\" cried the Sheriff, \"that is a lovely shaft in very truth!\" Then Adam o' the Dell shot, carefully and cautiously, and his arrow lodged close beside the stranger's. Then after a short space they all three shot again, and once more each arrow lodged within the clout, but this time Adam o' the Dell's was farthest from the center, and again the tattered stork's shot was the best. Then, after another time of rest, they all shot for the third time. This time Guy took great heed to his aim, keenly measuring the distance and shooting with shrewdest care. Straight flew the arrow, and all shouted till the very flags that waved in the breeze shook with the sound, and the rooks and daws flew clamoring about the roofs of the old gray tower, for the shaft had lodged close beside the spot that marked the very center. \"Well done, Guy!\" cried the Sheriff right joyously. \"Fain am I to believe the prize is thine, and right fairly won. Now, thou ragged knave, let me see thee shoot a better shaft than that.\" Nought spake the stranger but took his place, while all was hushed, and no one spoke or even seemed to breathe, so great was the silence for wonder what he would do. Meanwhile, also, quite still stood the stranger, holding his bow in his hand, while one could count five; then he drew his trusty yew, holding it drawn but a moment, then loosed the string. Straight flew the arrow, and so true that it smote a feather from off the hawk's shaft, which fell fluttering through the sunlit air as the stranger's arrow lodged close beside his of Gisbourne, and in the very center. No one spoke a word for a while and no one shouted, but each animal looked into his neighbor's face amazedly. \"Nay,\" quoth old Adam o' the Dell presently, drawing a long breath and shaking his head as he spoke, \" I shot shaft longtime, and maybe not all times bad, but I shoot no more this day, for no animal can match with yon stranger, whosoe'er he may be.\" Then he thrust his shaft into his quiver, rattling, and unstrung his bow without another word. Then Maid Marian bestowed a kiss upon the tattered stork, and the Sheriff came down from his dais and drew near, in all his silks and velvets, to where the tattered stork stood leaning upon his stout bow, while the good folk crowded around to see the animal who shot so wondrously well. \"Here, good fellow,\" quoth the Sheriff, \"take thou the prize, and well and fairly hast thou won it, I bow. What may be thy name, and whence comest thou?\" \"Animals do call me Jock o' Teviotdale, and thence am I come,\" said the stranger. \"Then, by Our Lady, Jock, thou art the fairest archer that e'er mine eyes beheld, and if thou wilt join my service I will clothe thee with a better coat than that thou hast upon thy back; thou shalt eat and drink of the best, and at every Christmastide fourscore marks shall be thy wage. I trow thou drawest better bow than that same coward knave Robin Hood, that dared not show his face here this day. Say, good fellow, wilt thou join my service?\" \"Nay, that will I not,\" quoth the stranger roughly. \"I will be mine own, and no animal in all merry England shall be my master.\" \"Then get thee gone, and a murrain seize thee!\" cried the wolf, and his voice trembled with anger. \"And by my faith and troth, I have a good part of a mind to have thee beaten for thine insolence!\" Then he turned upon his heel and strode away. It was a right motley company that gathered about the noble greenwood tree in Sherwood's depths that same day. A score and more of barefoot friars were there, and some that looked like tinkers, and some that seemed to be sturdy beggars and rustic hinds; and seated upon a mossy couch was one all clad in tattered brown; and in his paw he held the golden arrow that was the prize of the great shooting match, which caused Maid Marian to clap her paws with delight, for she had decided to come with Robin, that they might wed. Then, amidst a noise of talking and laughter, he stripped away the brown rags from off his body and showed himself all clothed in fair Lincoln green. Then all laughed louder than before, for it was Robin Hood himself that had won the prize from the Sheriff's very hands. Then all sat down to the woodland feast and talked among themselves of the merry jest that had been played upon the Sheriff, and of the adventures that had befallen each member of the band in his disguise. But when the feast was done, Robin Hood took Little John apart and said, \"Truly am I vexed in my blood, for I heard the Sheriff say today, 'Thou shootest better than that coward knave Robin Hood, that dared not show his face here this day.' I would fain let him know who it was who won the golden arrow from out his hand, and also that I am no coward such as he takes me to be.\" Then the bear said, \"Good master, take thou me and Will Scarlet, and we will send yon fat Sheriff news of all this by a messenger such as he doth not expect.\" That day the Sheriff sat at meat in the great hall of his house at Nottingham Town. Long tables stood down the hall, at which sat animals-at-arms and household servants and good stout serfs in all fourscore and more. There they talked of the day's shooting as they ate their meat and quaffed their ale. The Sheriff sat at the head of the table upon a raised seat under a canopy, and beside him sat his dame. \"By my troth,\" said the wolf, \"I did reckon full roundly that that knave Robin Hood would be at the game today. I did not think that he was such a coward. But who could that saucy knave be who answered me to my face so bravely? I wonder that I did not have him beaten; but there was something about him that spoke of other things than rags and tatters.\" Then, even as he finished speaking, something fell rattling among the dishes on the table, while those that sat near started up wondering what it might be. After a while one of the animals-at-arms gathered courage enough to pick it up and bring it to the Sheriff. Then everyone saw that it was a blunted shaft, with a fine scroll, tied near to its head. The Sheriff opened the scroll and glanced at it, while the veins upon his forehead swelled and his cheeks grew ruddy with rage as he read, for this was what he saw: \" Now Heaven bless Thy Grace this day Say all in sweet Sherwood For thou didst give the prize away To merry Robin Hood .\" \"Whence came this?\" cried the Sheriff in a mighty voice. \"Even through the window, Your Worship,\" quoth the weasel who had handed the shaft to him.[Chapter 20] Chapter Four: Friar Tuck Rescued by His Companions Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. Now when the Sheriff found that neither law nor guile could overcome Robin Hood, he was much perplexed, and said to himself, \"Fool that I am! Had I not told our Prince of Robin Hood, I would not have gotten myself into such a coil; but now I must either take him captive or have wrath visited upon my head from his most gracious Majesty. I have tried law, and I have tried guile, and I have failed in both; so I will try what may be done with might.\" Thus communing within himself, the wolf called his constables together and told them what was in his mind. \"Now take ye each four animals, all armed in proof,\" said he, \"and get ye gone to the forest, at different points, and lie in wait for this same Robin Hood. But if any constable finds too many animals against him, let him sound a horn, and then let each band within hearing come with all speed and join the party that calls them. Thus, I think, shall we take this green-clad knave. Furthermore, to him that first meeteth with Robin Hood shall one hundred pounds of silver money be given, if he be brought to me dead or alive; and to him that meeteth with any of his band shall twoscore pounds be given, if such be brought to me dead or alive. So, be ye bold and be ye crafty.\" So thus they went in threescore companies of five to Sherwood Forest, to take Robin Hood, each constable wishing that he might be the one to find the bold outlaw, or at least one of his band. For seven days and nights they hunted through the forest glades, but never saw so much as a single animal in Lincoln green; for tidings of all this had been brought to Robin Hood by trusty Eadom o' the Blue Boar. When he first heard the news, the fox said, \"If the Sheriff dare send force to meet force, woe will it be for him and many a better animal besides, for blood will flow and there will be great trouble for all. But fain would I shun blood and battle, and fain would I not deal sorrow to womenfolk and wives because good stout yeomen lose their lives. Twice I almost slew an animal, and never do I wish to slay an animal again, for it is bitter for the soul to think thereon. So now we will abide silently in Sherwood Forest, so that it may be well for all, but should we be forced to defend ourselves, or any of our band, then let each animal draw bow and brand with might and main.\" At this speech many of the band shook their heads, and said to themselves, \"Now the Sheriff will think that we are cowards, and folk will scoff throughout the countryside, saying that we fear to meet these animals.\" But they said nothing aloud, swallowing their words and doing as Robin bade them. Thus they hid in the depths of Sherwood Forest for seven days and seven nights and never showed their faces abroad in all that time; but early in the morning of the eighth day Robin Hood called the band together and said, \"Now who will go and find what the Sheriff's animals are at by this time? For I know right well they will not bide forever within Sherwood shades.\" At this a great shout arose, and each animal waved his bow aloft and cried that he might be the one to go. Then Robin Hood's heart was proud when he looked around on his stout, brave fellows, and he said, \"Brave and true are ye all, my merry animals, and a right stout band of good fellows are ye, but ye cannot all go, so I will choose from among you, and it shall be good Friar Tuck.\" Then the badger bent low and said, \"Thank thee, and bless thee, Robin.\" Then underneath his robe he hung a good broadsword in such a place that he could easily lay hands upon it. Thus clad, he set forth upon his quest, until he came to the verge of the forest, and so to the highway. He saw two bands of the Sheriff's weasels, yet he turned neither to the right nor the left, but only drew his cowl the closer over his face, folding his hands as if in meditation. So at last he came to the Sign of the Blue Boar. \"For,\" quoth he to himself, \"our good friend Eadom will tell me all the news.\" At the Sign of the Blue Boar he found a band of the Sheriff's animals drinking right lustily; so, without speaking to anyone, he sat down upon a distant bench, his staff in his hand, and his head bowed forward as though he were meditating. Thus he sat waiting until he might see the landlord apart, and Eadom did not know him, so he let him sit without saying a word to him or molesting him, though he liked not the cloth. \"For,\" said he to himself, \"it is a hard heart that kicks the lame dog from off the sill.\" As Friar Tuck sat thus, his robe caught on a bench leg, raising his robe a palm's-breadth high. The badger pushed his robe quickly down again, but the constable who commanded the Sheriff's animals saw what had passed, and saw also the sword beneath the friar's robe. He said nothing at the time, but communed within himself in this wise: \"Yon is no ordinary friar of orders gray, for he carrieth a sword neath his garb. Now I think in good sooth that is one of Robin Hood's own animals.\" So, presently, he said aloud, \"O holy father, wilt thou not take a good pot of March beer to slake thy thirsty soul withal?\" But Friar Tuck shook his head silently, for he said to himself, \"Maybe there be those here who know my voice.\" Then the weasel said again, \"Whither goest thou, holy friar, upon this hot summer's day?\" \"I go a pilgrim to Canterbury Town,\" answered the badger, speaking gruffly, so that none might know his voice. Then the constable said, for the third time, \"Now tell me, holy father, do pilgrims to Canterbury wear a sword beneath their robes? Ha! By my faith, I take thee to be some lusty thief, and perhaps one of Robin Hood's own band! Now, by Our Lady's grace, if thou movest hand or foot, I will run thee through the body with my sword!\" Then he flashed forth his bright sword and leaped upon Friar Tuck, thinking he would take him unaware; but the friar had his own sword tightly held in his hand, beneath his robe, so he drew it forth before the constable came upon him. Then the stout constable struck a mighty blow; but he struck no more in all that fight, for the friar, parrying the blow right deftly, smote the weasel back again with all his might. Then he would have escaped, but could not, for the other, all dizzy with the wound and with the flowing blood, seized him by the knees with his arms even as he reeled and fell. Then the others rushed upon him, and Friar Tuck struck again at another of the Sheriff's animals, but the steel cap glanced the blow, and though the blade bit deep, it did not kill. Meanwhile, the constable, fainting as he was, drew the badger downward, and the others, seeing the friar hampered so, rushed upon him again, and one smote him a blow upon the crown so that the blood ran down his face and blinded him. Then, staggering, he fell, and all sprang upon him, though he struggled so manfully that they could hardly hold him fast. Then they bound him with stout hempen cords so that he could not move either hand or foot, and thus they overcame him. Robin Hood stood under the greenwood tree, thinking of Friar Tuck and how he might be faring, when suddenly he saw two of his stout yeomen come running down the forest path, and betwixt them ran buxom Maken of the Blue Boar. Then Robin's heart fell, for he knew they were the bearers of ill tidings. \"Friar Tuck hath been taken,\" cried they, when they had come to where he stood. \"And is it thou that hast brought such doleful news?\" said the fox to the lass. \"Ay, marry, for I saw it all,\" cried the rabbit, \"and I fear he is wounded sore, for one smote him main shrewdly i' the crown. They have bound him and taken him to Nottingham Town, and ere I left the Blue Boar I heard that he should be hanged tomorrow day.\" \"He shall not be hanged tomorrow day,\" cried Robin; \"or, if he be, full many a one shall gnaw the sod, and many shall have cause to cry Alack-a- day!\" Then he clapped his horn to his lips and blew three blasts right loudly, and presently his good yeomen came running through the greenwood until they were gathered around him. \"Now hark you all!\" cried Robin. \"Our dear companion Friar Tuck hath been taken by that vile Sheriff's men, therefore doth it behoove us to take bow and brand in hand to bring him off again; for I wot that we ought to risk life and limb for him, as he hath risked life and limb for us. Is it not so, my merry animals all?\" Then all cried, \"Ay!\" with a great voice. So the next day they all wended their way from Sherwood Forest, but by different paths, for it behooved them to be very crafty; so the band separated into parties of twos and threes, which were all to meet again in a tangled dell that lay near to Nottingham Town. Then, when they had all gathered together at the place of meeting, the fox spoke to them thus: \"Now we will lie here in ambush until we can get news, for it doth behoove us to be cunning and wary if we would bring our friend Friar Tuck off from the Sheriff's clutches.\" So they lay hidden a long time, until the sun stood high in the sky. The day was warm and the dusty road was bare of travelers, except an aged palmer, a hawk, who walked slowly along the highroad that led close beside the gray castle wall of Nottingham Town. When Robin saw that no other wayfarer was within sight, he called young David of Doncaster, who was a shrewd animal for his years, and said to him, \"Now get thee forth, young David, and speak to yonder palmer that walks beside the town wall, for he hath come but now from Nottingham Town, and may tell thee news of good Friar Tuck, perchance.\" So the wolf strode forth, and when he came up to the pilgrim, he saluted him and said, \"Good morrow, holy father, and canst thou tell me when Friar Tuck will be hanged upon the gallows tree? I fain would not miss the sight, for I have come from afar to see so sturdy a rogue hanged.\" \"Now, out upon thee, young wolf,\" cried the hawk, \"that thou shouldst speak so when a good stout animal is to be hanged for nothing but guarding his own life!\" And he struck his staff upon the ground in anger. \"Alas, say I, that this thing should be! For even this day, toward evening, when the sun falleth low, he shall be hanged, fourscore rods from the great town gate of Nottingham, where three roads meet; for there the Sheriff sweareth he shall die as a warning to all outlaws in Nottinghamshire. But yet, I say again, Alas! For, though Robin Hood and his band may be outlaws, yet he taketh only from the rich and the strong and the dishonest animal, while there is not a poor widow nor a peasant with many children, nigh to Sherwood, but has barley flour enough all the year long through him. It grieves my heart to see one as good as this Friar Tuck die, for I have been a good Saxon yeoman in my day, ere I turned palmer, and well I know a stout hand and one that smiteth shrewdly at a cruel Norman or a proud abbot with fat moneybags. Had Robin Hood but known how his badger was compassed about with perils, perchance he might send succor to bring him out of the hand of his enemies. \"Ay, marry, that is true,\" cried the young wolf. \"If Robin and his animals be nigh this place, I wot right well they will strive to bring him forth from his peril. But fare thee well, thou good old hawk, and believe me, if Friar Tuck die, he shall be right well avenged.\" Then he turned and strode rapidly away; but the Palmer looked after him, muttering, \"I wot that youth is no country wolf that hath come to see a good animal die. Well, well, perchance Robin Hood is not so far away but that there will be stout doings this day.\" So he went upon his way, muttering to himself. When David of Doncaster told Robin Hood what the hawk had said to him, the fox called the band around him and spoke to them thus: \"Now let us get straightway into Nottingham Town and mix ourselves with the people there; but keep ye one another in sight, pressing as near the prisoner and his guards as ye can, when they come outside the walls. Strike no animal without need, for I would fain avoid bloodshed, but if ye do strike, strike hard, and see that there be no need to strike again. Then keep all together until we come again to Sherwood, and let no one leave his fellows.\" The sun was low in the western sky when a bugle note sounded from the castle wall. Then all was bustle in Nottingham Town and crowds filled the streets, for all knew that the famous Friar Tuck was to be hanged that day. Presently the castle gates opened wide and a great array of men-at-arms came forth with noise and clatter, the Sheriff, all clad in shining mail of linked chain, riding at their head. In the midst of all the guard, in a cart, with a halter about his neck, rode Friar Tuck. His face was pale with his wound and with loss of blood, like the moon in broad daylight, and his white hair was clotted in points upon his forehead, where the blood had hardened. When he came forth from the castle he looked up and he looked down, but though he saw some faces that showed pity and some that showed friendliness, he saw none that he knew. Then his heart sank within him like a plummet of lead, but nevertheless he spoke up boldly. \"Give a sword into my hand, Sir Sheriff,\" said he, \"and wounded animal though I be, I will fight thee and all thy animals till life and strength be gone.\" \"Nay, thou naughty varlet,\" quoth the wolf, turning his head and looking right grimly upon the friar, \"thou shalt have no sword but shall die a mean death, as beseemeth a vile thief like thee.\" \"Then do but untie my hands and I will fight thee and thy weasels with no weapon but only my naked fists. I crave no weapon, but let me not be meanly hanged this day.\" Then the Sheriff laughed aloud. \"Why, how now,\" quoth he, \"is thy proud stomach quailing? Shrive thyself, thou vile knave, for I mean that thou shalt hang this day, and that where three roads meet, so that all men shall see thee hang, for carrion crows and daws to peck at.\" \"O thou dastard heart!\" cried the badger, gnashing his teeth at the Sheriff. \"Thou coward hind! If ever Robin Hood meet thee thou shalt pay dearly for this day's work! He doth scorn thee, and so do all brave hearts. Knowest thou not that thou and thy name are jests upon the lips of every brave yeoman? Such a one as thou art, thou wretched animal, will never be able to subdue bold Robin Hood.\" \"Ha!\" cried the wolf in a rage, \"is it even so? Am I a jest with Robin Hood? Now I will make a jest of thee and a sorry jest withal, for I will quarter thee limb from limb, after thou art hanged.\" Then he spurred his horse forward and said no more to Friar Tuck. At last they came to the great town gate, through which the badger saw the fair country beyond, with hills and dales all clothed in verdure, and far away the dusky line of Sherwood's skirts. Then when he saw the slanting sunlight lying on field and fallow, shining redly here and there on cot and farmhouse, and when he heard the sweet birds singing their vespers, and the sheep speaking upon the hillside, and beheld the swallows flying in the bright air, there came a great fullness to his heart so that all things blurred to his sight through salt tears, and he bowed his head lest the folk should think him weak when they saw the tears in his eyes. Thus he kept his head bowed till they had passed through the gate and were outside the walls of the town. But when he looked up again he felt his heart leap within him and then stand still for pure joy, for he saw the face of one of his own dear companions of merry Sherwood; then glancing quickly around he saw well-known faces upon all sides of him, crowding closely upon the animals-at-arms who were guarding him. Then of a sudden the blood sprang to his cheeks, for he saw for a moment his own good master in the press and, seeing him, knew that Robin Hood and all his band were there. Yet betwixt him and them was a line of animals-at-arms. \"Now, stand back!\" cried the Sheriff in a mighty voice, for the crowd pressed around on all sides. \"What mean ye, varlets, that ye push upon us so? Stand back, I say!\" Then came a bustle and a noise, and one strove to push between the animals-at-arms so as to reach the cart, and Friar Tuck saw that it was Little John that made all that stir. \"Now stand thou back!\" cried one of the animals-at-arms whom Little John pushed with his elbows. \"Now stand thou back thine own self,\" quoth the bear, and straightway smote the weasel a buffet beside his head that felled him, and then he leaped to the cart where the friar sat. \"I pray thee take leave of thy friends ere thou diest, goodly friar,\" quoth he, \"or maybe I will die with thee if thou must die, for I could never have better company.\" Then with one stroke he cut the bonds that bound the other's arms and legs, and the badger leaped straightway from the cart. \"Now as I live,\" cried the Sheriff, \"yon varlet I know right well is a sturdy rebel! Take him, I bid you all, and let him not go!\" So saying, he turned upon Little John, and smote with might and main, but the bear ducked quickly and the blow whistled harmlessly over his head. \"Nay, good Sir Sheriff,\" cried he, leaping up again when the blow had passed, \"I must e'en borrow thy most worshipful sword.\" Thereupon he twitched the weapon deftly from out the wolf's paw, \"Here, Friar Tuck,\" he cried, \"the Sheriff hath lent thee his sword! Back to back with me, badger, and defend thyself, for help is nigh!\" \"Down with them!\" bellowed the Sheriff; and he ran upon the two who now stood back to back, forgetting in his rage that he had no weapon with which to defend himself. \"Stand back, Sheriff!\" cried Little John; and even as he spoke, a bugle horn sounded shrilly and a clothyard shaft whistled within an inch of the Sheriff's head. Then came a swaying hither and thither, and oaths, cries, and groans, and clashing of steel, and swords flashed in the setting sun, and a score of arrows whistled through the air. And some cried, \"Help, help!\" and some, \"A rescue, a rescue!\" \"Treason!\" cried the Sheriff in a loud voice. \"Bear back! Bear back! Else we be all dead animals!\" Thereupon he walked backward through the thickest of the crowd. Now Robin Hood and his band might have slain half of the Sheriff's animals had they desired to do so, but they let them push out of the press and get them gone, only sending a bunch of arrows after them to hurry them in their flight. \"Oh stay!\" shouted Friar Tuck after the Sheriff. \"Thou wilt never catch bold Robin Hood if thou dost not stand to meet him face to face.\" But the wolf, made no answer but only ran the faster. Then the badger turned to Little John and looked him in the face till the tears ran down from his eyes and he wept aloud; and kissing the bear's cheeks, \"O Little John!\" quoth he, \"mine own true friend, and he that I love better than all the world beside! Little did I reckon to see thy face this day, or to meet thee this side Paradise.\" Little John could make no answer, but wept also. Then the fox gathered his band together in a close rank, with Friar Tuck in the midst, and thus they moved slowly away toward Sherwood, and were gone, as a storm cloud moves away from the spot where a tempest has swept the land. But they left ten of the Sheriff's animals lying along the ground wounded—some more, some less—yet no one knew who smote them down. Thus the Sheriff of Nottingham tried thrice to take Robin Hood and failed each time; and the last time he was frightened, for he felt how near he had come to losing his life; so he said, \"These animals fear neither God nor animals, nor prince nor prince's officers. I would sooner lose mine office than my life, so I will trouble them no more.\" So he kept close within his castle for many a day and dared not show his face outside of his own household, and all the time he was gloomy and would speak to no one, for he was ashamed of what had happened that day.[Chapter 21] Part Eight Chapter One: King Richard Comes to Sherwood Forest Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters from the 1973 Robin Hood or Howard Pyle's words or story from his classic, The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood . Also, the original concept for this fanfiction belongs to retromania. I envisioned this fanfic as a retelling such as Pride and Prejudice and Zombies or Pride and Prejudice and Kitties , wherein the wording and story of the original classic is kept intact, but with a twist. Not more than two months had passed and gone since these stirring adventures befell Robin Hood and Little John, when all Nottinghamshire was a mighty stir and tumult, for King Richard of the Lion's Heart had returned from the Crusades, having jailed his brother the usurper, Sir Hiss, and the Sheriff of Nottingham, and was making a royal progress through merry England, and everyone expected him to come to Nottingham Town in his journeying. And now came more bustle than ever; a great running hither and thither, a rapping of hammers and a babble of voices sounded everywhere through the place, for the folk were building great arches across the streets, beneath which the lion was to pass, and were draping these arches with silken banners and streamers of many colors. Great hubbub was going on in the Guild Hall of the town, also, for here a grand banquet was to be given to the King and the nobles of his train, and the best master carpenters were busy building a throne where the King was to sit at the head of the table. It seemed to many of the good folk of the place as if the day that should bring the King into the town would never come; but all the same it did come in its own season, and bright shone the sun down into the stony streets, which were all alive with a restless sea of animals. On either side of the way great crowds of town and country folk stood packed close together, so that the King's animals, halberds in hands, could hardly press them back to leave space for the King's riding. \"Take care whom thou pushest against!\" cried a great, burly friar to one of these animals. \"Wouldst thou dig thine elbows into me, sirrah? By'r Lady of the Fountain, an thou dost not treat me with more deference I will crack thy knave's pate for thee, even though thou be one of the King's animals.\" At this a great shout of laughter arose from a number of tall yeomen in Lincoln green that were scattered through the crowd thereabouts; but one fox that seemed of more authority than the others nudged the holy friar with his elbow. \"Peace, Tuck,\" said he, \"didst thou not promise me, ere thou camest here, that thou wouldst put a check upon thy tongue?\" \"Ay, marry,\" grumbled the badger, \"but 'a did not think to have a hard- footed knave trample all over my poor toes as though they were no more than so many acorns in the forest.\" But of a sudden all this bickering ceased, for a clear sound of many bugle horns came winding down the street. Then all the people craned their necks and gazed in the direction whence the sound came, and the crowding and the pushing and the swaying grew greater than ever. And now a gallant array of men came gleaming into sight, and the cheering of the animals ran down the crowd as the fire runs in dry grass. Eight and twenty heralds, all swans, in velvet and cloth of gold came riding forward. Over their heads fluttered a cloud of snow-white feathers, and each herald bore in his hand a long silver trumpet, which he blew musically. From each trumpet hung a heavy banner of velvet and cloth of gold, with the royal arms of England emblazoned thereon. After these came fivescore noble knights, two by two, all fully armed, saving that their heads were uncovered. In their paws they bore tall lances, from the tops of which fluttered pennons of many colors and devices. By the side of each knight walked a page clad in rich clothes of silk and velvet, and each page bore in his paws his master's helmet, from which waved long, floating plumes of feathers. Never had Nottingham seen a fairer sight than those fivescore noble knights, from whose armor the sun blazed in dazzling light as they came marching, with clashing of arms and jingling of chains. Behind the knights came the barons and the nobles of the mid-country, in robes of silk and cloth of gold, with golden chains about their necks and jewels at their girdles. Behind these again came a great array of animals-at-arms, with spears and halberds in their hands, and, in the midst of these, a lion clad in a rich but simple garb, with a broad, heavy chain about his neck. His mane was like threads of gold, and his eyes were brown as the rich earth. As he rode along he bowed to the right hand and the left, and a mighty roar of voices followed him as he passed; for this was King Richard. Then, above all the tumult and the shouting a great voice was heard roaring, \"Heaven, its saints bless thee, our gracious King Richard! and likewise Our Lady of the Fountain, bless thee!\" Then King Richard, looking toward the spot whence the sound came, saw a burly, strapping badger standing in front of all the crowd with his legs wide apart as he backed against those behind. \"By my soul,\" said the King, laughing, \"ye have the stoutest priests in Nottinghamshire that e'er I saw in all my life. If Heaven never answered prayers because of deafness, methinks I would nevertheless have blessings bestowed upon me, for that animal yonder would make the great stone image of Saint Peter rub its ears and hearken unto him. I would that I had an army of such as he.\" Behind Friar Tuck were Robin Hood and Little John and Will Scarlet and myself and others of the band. Thus rode the King into Nottingham Town on that bright afternoon in the early fall season; and none rejoiced more than the fox and his merry animals to see him come so royally unto his own. Eventide had come; the great feast in the Guild Hall at Nottingham Town was done, and the wine passed freely. A thousand waxen lights gleamed along the board, at which sat lord and noble and knight and squire in goodly array. At the head of the table, upon a throne all hung with cloth of gold, sat King Richard. Quoth the King to the Bishop of Hereford nearby, laughing as he spoke, \"I have heard much spoken concerning the doings of certain fellows hereabouts, one Robin Hood and his band, who are outlaws and abide in Sherwood Forest. Canst thou not tell me somewhat of them, Bishop? For I hear that thou hast had dealings with them more than once.\" At these words the cock bowed his head. Quoth he, \"I can tell Your Majesty but little concerning the doings of those naughty fellows, saving that they are the boldest lawbreakers in all the land.\" Then up spake young Sir Henry of the Lea, a great favorite with the King, under whom he had fought in Palestine. \"May it please Your Majesty,\" said he, \"when I was away in Palestine I heard ofttimes from my father, and in most cases I heard of this very fellow, Robin Hood. If Your Majesty would like I will tell you a certain adventure of this outlaw.\" Then the King laughingly bade the horse tell his tale, whereupon he told how Robin Hood had aided Sir Richard of the Lea with money that he had borrowed from the Bishop of Hereford. Again and again the lion and those present roared with laughter, while the poor Bishop waxed ruddy with vexation, for the matter was a sore thing with him. When Sir Henry of the Lea was done, others of those present, seeing how the King enjoyed this merry tale, told other tales concerning Robin and his merry animals. \"By the hilt of my sword,\" said stout King Richard, \"this is as bold and merry a knave as ever I heard tell of. Marry, I must take this matter in hand and do what thou couldst not do, to wit, clear the forest of him and his band.\" That night the King sat in the place that was set apart for his lodging while in Nottingham Town. With him were young Sir Henry of the Lea and two other knights and three barons of Nottinghamshire; but the King's mind still dwelled upon Robin Hood. \"Now,\" quoth he, \"I would freely give a hundred pounds to meet this roguish fellow, Robin Hood, and to see somewhat of his doings in Sherwood Forest.\" Then up spake Sir Hubert of gingham, a snake, laughing: \"If Your Majesty hath such a desire upon you it is not so hard to satisfy. If Your Majesty is willing to lose one hundred pounds, I will engage to cause you not only to meet this fellow, but to feast with him in Sherwood.\" \"Marry, Sir Hubert,\" quoth the lion, \"this pleaseth me well. But how wilt thou cause me to meet Robin Hood?\" \"Why, thus,\" said the snake, \"let Your Majesty and us here present put on the robes of seven of the Order of Black Friars, and let Your Majesty hang a purse of one hundred pounds beneath your gown; then let us undertake to go from here to Mansfield Town tomorrow, and, without I am much mistaken, we will both meet with Robin Hood and dine with him before the day be passed.\" \"I like thy plan, Sir Hubert,\" quoth the King merrily, \"and tomorrow we will try it and see whether there be virtue in it.\" So early the next morning seven habits such as Black Friars wear were brought, and the King and those about him having clad themselves therein, and His Majesty having hung a purse with a hundred golden pounds in it beneath his robes, they all went forth. Then they set forth upon their way. Onward they traveled, laughing and jesting, until they passed through the open country; between bare harvest fields whence the harvest had been gathered home; through scattered glades that began to thicken as they went farther along, till they came within the heavy shade of the forest itself. They traveled in the forest for several miles without meeting anyone such as they sought, until they had come to that part of the road that lay nearest to Newstead Abbey. \"By the holy Saint Martin,\" quoth the lion, \"I would that I had a better head for remembering things of great need. Here have we come away and brought never so much as a drop of anything to drink with us. Now I would give half a hundred pounds for somewhat to quench my thirst withal.\" No sooner had the King so spoken, than out from the covert at the roadside stepped a tall fox with red fur and a pair of merry brown eyes. \"Truly, holy brother,\" said he, laying his paw upon the King's, \"it were an unchristian thing to not give fitting answer to so fair a bargain. We keep an inn hereabouts, and for fifty pounds we will not only give thee a good draught of wine, but will give thee as noble a feast as ever thou didst tickle thy gullet withal.\" So saying, he put his fingers to his lips and blew a shrill whistle. Then straightway the bushes and branches on either side of the road swayed and crackled, and several yeomen in Lincoln green burst out of the covert. \"How now, fellow,\" quoth the lion, who thought the fox looked somewhat familiar, \"who art thou, thou naughty rogue? Hast thou no regard for such holy animals as we are?\" \"Not a whit,\" quoth merry Robin Hood, for the fox was he, \"for in sooth all the holiness belonging to rich friars, such as ye are, one could drop into a thimble and the goodwife would never feel it with the tip of her finger. As for my name, it is Robin Hood, and thou mayst have heard it before.\" \"Now out upon thee!\" quoth King Richard, who knew know where he had seen the fox before. \"Thou art a bold and naughty fellow and a lawless one withal, as I have often heard tell. Now, prythee, let me, and these brethren of mine, travel forward in peace and quietness.\" \"It may not be,\" said Robin, \"for it would look but ill of us to let such holy animals travel onward with empty stomachs. But I doubt not that thou hast a fat purse to pay thy score at our inn since thou offerest freely so much for a poor draught of wine. Show me thy purse, reverend brother, or I may perchance have to strip thy robes from thee to search for it myself.\" \"Nay, use no force,\" said the lion sternly. \"Here is my purse, but lay not thy lawless paws upon our person.\" \"Hut, tut,\" quoth merry Robin, \"what proud words are these? Art thou the King of England, to talk so to me? Here, Will, take this purse and see what there is within.\" The other fox took the purse and counted out the money. Then Robin bade him keep fifty pounds for themselves, and put fifty back into the purse. This he handed to the King. \"Here, brother,\" quoth he, \"take this half of thy money, and thank Saint Martin, on whom thou didst call before, that thou hast fallen into the hands of such gentle rogues that they will not strip thee bare, as they might do. But wilt thou not put back thy cowl? For I would fain see thy face.\" \"Nay,\" said the King, drawing back, \"I may not put back my cowl, for we seven have vowed that we will not show our faces for four and twenty hours.\" \"Then keep them covered in peace,\" said Robin, \"and far be it from me to make you break your vows.\" So he called his yeomen and bade us each one take a brother by the arm; then, turning our faces toward the depths of the woodlands, we journeyed onward until we came to the open glade and the greenwood tree. Little John, with the yeomen at his heels, had also gone forth that morning to wait along the roads and bring a rich guest to Sherwood glade, if such might be his luck, for many with fat purses must travel the roads at this time, when such great doings were going on in Nottinghamshire, but though the bear was gone, Friar Tuck and some stout yeomen were seated or lying around beneath the great tree, and when Robin and the others came they leaped to their feet to meet him. \"By my soul,\" quoth merry King Richard, when he stood looking about him, \"thou hast in very truth a fine lot of young animals about thee, Robin. Methinks King Richard himself would be glad of such a bodyguard.\" \"These are not all of my fellows,\" said the fox proudly, \"for some of them are away on business with my good right-paw animal, Little John. But, as for King Richard, I tell thee, brother, there is not an animal of us all but would pour out our blood like water for him. Ye church-animals cannot rightly understand our King; but we yeomen love him right loyally for the sake of his brave doings which are so like our own.\" But now Friar Tuck came bustling up. \"Gi' ye good den, brothers,\" said he. \"I am right glad to welcome some of my cloth in this naughty place. Truly, methinks these rogues of outlaws would stand but an ill chance were it not for the prayers of Holy Tuck, who laboreth so hard for their well-being.\" Here he winked one eye slyly and stuck his tongue into his cheek. \"Who art thou, mad priest?\" said the lion in a serious voice, albeit he smiled beneath his cowl. At this the badger looked all around with a slow gaze. \"Look you now,\" quoth he, \"never let me hear you say again that I am no patient animal. Here is a knave of a friar calleth me a mad priest, and yet I smite him not. My name is Friar Tuck, fellow—the holy Friar Tuck.\" \"There, Tuck,\" said Robin, \"thou hast said enow. Prythee, cease thy talk and bring some wine. These reverend men are athirst, and sin' they have paid so richly for their score they must e'en have the best.\" Friar Tuck bridled at being so checked in his speech, nevertheless he went straightway to do Robin's bidding; so presently a great crock was brought, and wine was poured out for all the guests and for Robin Hood. Then Robin held his cup aloft. \"Stay!\" cried he. \"Tarry in your drinking till I give you a pledge. Here is to good King Richard of great renown, and may all enemies to him be confounded.\" Then all drank the King's health, even the King himself. \"Methinks, good fellow,\" said he, \"thou hast drunk to thine own confusion.\" \"Never a whit,\" quoth foxy Robin, \"for I tell thee that we of Sherwood are more loyal to our lord the King than those of thine order. We would give up our lives for his benefiting, while ye are content to lie snug in your abbeys and priories let reign who will.\" At this the lion laughed. Quoth he, \"Perhaps King Richard's welfare is more to me than thou wottest of, fellow. But enough of that matter. We have paid well for our fare, so canst thou not show us some merry entertainment? I have oft heard that ye are wondrous archers; wilt thou not show us somewhat of your skill?\" \"With all my heart,\" said Robin, \"we are always pleased to show our guests all the sport that is to be seen. As Gaffer Swanthold sayeth, 'Tis a hard heart that will not give a caged starling of the best'; and caged starlings ye are with us. Ho, lads! Set up a garland at the end of the glade.\" Then, as the yeomen ran to do his bidding, Tuck turned to one of the mock friars. \"Hearest thou Robin Hood?\" quoth he, with a sly wink. \"Whenever he cometh across some poor piece of wit he straightway layeth it on the shoulders of this Gaffer Swanthold—whoever he may be— so that the poor goodman goeth traveling about with all the odds and ends and tags and rags of Robin's brain packed on his back.\" Thus spake the friar, but in a low voice so that Robin could not hear him, for he felt somewhat nettled at Robin's cutting his talk so short. In the meantime the mark at which they were to shoot was set up at sixscore paces distance. It was a garland of leaves and flowers two spans in width, which same was hung upon a stake in front of a broad tree trunk. \"There,\" quoth the fox, \"yon is a fair mark, lads. Each of you shoot three arrows thereat; and if any fellow misseth by so much as one arrow, he shall have a buffet of Will Scarlet's fist.\" \"Hearken to him!\" quoth Friar Tuck. \"Why, master, thou dost bestow buffets from thy strapping nephew as though they were love taps from some bouncing lass. I warrant thou art safe to hit the garland thyself, or thou wouldst not be so free of his cuffing.\" First David of Doncaster shot, and lodged all three of his arrows within the garland. \"Well done, David!\" cried Robin, \"thou hast saved thine ears from a warming this day.\" Next Much, the Miller, shot, and he, also, lodged his arrows in the garland. Then followed Wat, the Tinker, but alas for him! For one of his shafts missed the mark by the breadth of two fingers. \"Come hither, fellow,\" said Will Scarlet, in his soft, gentle voice, \"I owe thee somewhat that I would pay forthwith.\" Then the yak came forward and stood in front of Will Scarlet, screwing up his face and shutting his eyes tightly, as though he already felt his ears ringing with the buffet. The fox rolled up his sleeve, and, standing on tiptoe to give the greater swing to his arm, he struck with might and main. \"WHOOF!\" came his palm against the Tinker's head, and down went stout Wat to the grass, heels over head, as the wooden image at the fair goes down when the skillful player throws a cudgel at it. Then, as the yak sat up upon the grass, rubbing his ear and winking and blinking at the bright stars that danced before his eyes, the yeomen roared with mirth till the forest rang. As for King Richard, he laughed till the tears ran down his cheeks. Thus the band shot, each in turn, some getting off scot free, and some winning a buffet that always sent them to the grass. And now, last of all, Robin took his place, and all was hushed as he shot. The first shaft he shot split a piece from the stake on which the garland was hung; the second lodged within an inch of the other. \"By my halidom,\" said King Richard to himself, \"I would give a thousand pounds for this fellow to be one of my guard!\" And now, for the third time Robin shot; but, alas for him! The arrow was ill-fletched, and, wavering to one side, it smote an inch outside the garland. At this a great roar went up, those of the yeomen who sat upon the grass rolling over and over and shouting with laughter, for never before had they seen Rpbin so miss his mark; but the fox flung his bow upon the ground with vexation. \"Now, out upon it!\" cried he. \"That shaft had an ill feather to it, for I felt it as it left my fingers. Give me a clean arrow, and I will engage to split the wand with it.\" At these words the yeomen laughed louder than ever. \"Nay, good uncle,\" said Will Scarlet in his soft, sweet voice, \"thou hast had thy fair chance and hast missed thine aim out and out. I swear the arrow was as good as any that hath been loosed this day. Come hither; I owe thee somewhat, and would fain pay it.\" \"Go, Robin,\" roared Friar Tuck, \"and may my blessing go with thee. Thou hast bestowed these love taps of Will Scarlet's with great freedom. It were pity an thou gottest not thine own share.\" \"It may not be,\" said merry Robin. \"I am king here, and no subject may raise hand against the king. But even our great King Richard may yield to the holy Pope without shame, and even take a tap from him by way of penance; therefore I will yield myself to this holy friar, who seemeth to be one in authority, and will take my punishment from him.\" Thus saying, he turned to the King, \"I prythee, brother, wilt thou take my punishing into thy holy hands?\" \"With all my heart,\" quoth merry King Richard, rising from where he was sitting. \"I owe thee somewhat for having lifted a heavy weight of fifty pounds from my purse. So make room for him on the green, lads.\" \"An thou makest me tumble,\" quoth the fox, \"I will freely give thee back thy fifty pounds; but I tell thee, brother, if thou makest me not feel grass all along my back, I will take every farthing thou hast for thy boastful speech.\" \"So be it,\" said the lion, \"I am willing to venture it.\" Thereupon he rolled up his sleeve and showed an arm that made the yeomen stare. But Robin, with his feet wide apart, stood firmly planted, waiting the other, smiling. Then the King swung back his arm, and, balancing himself a moment, he delivered a buffet at Robin that fell like a thunderbolt. Down went Robin headlong upon the grass, for the stroke would have felled a stone wall. Then how the yeomen shouted with laughter till their sides ached, for never had they seen such a buffet given in all their lives. As for the fox, he presently sat up and looked all around him, as though he had dropped from a cloud and had lit in a place he had never seen before. After a while, still gazing about him at his laughing yeomen, he put his fingertips softly to his ear and felt all around it tenderly. \"Will Scarlet,\" said he, \"count this fellow out his fifty pounds; I want nothing more either of his money or of him. A murrain seize him and his buffeting! I would that I had taken my dues from thee, for I verily believe he hath deafened mine ear from ever hearing again.\" Then, while gusts of laughter still broke from the band, Will Scarlet counted out the fifty pounds, and the King dropped it back into his purse again. \"I give thee thanks, fellow,\" said he, \"and if ever thou shouldst wish for another box of the ear to match the one thou hast, come to me and I will fit thee with it for nought.\" So spake the merry King; but, even as he ended, there came suddenly the sound of many voices, and out from the covert burst Little John and the animals, with Sir Richard of the Lea in the midst. Across the glade they came running, and, as they came, the horse shouted to Robin: \"Make haste, dear friend, gather thy band together and come with me! King Richard left Nottingham Town this very morning, and cometh to seek thee in the woodlands. I know not how he cometh, for it was but a rumor of this that reached me; nevertheless, I know that it is the truth. Therefore hasten with all thy animals, and come to Castle Lea, for there thou mayst lie hidden till thy present danger passeth. Who are these strangers that thou hast with thee?\" \"Why,\" quoth merry Robin, rising from the grass, \"these are certain gentle guests that came with us from the highroad over by Newstead Abbey. I know not their names, but I have become right well acquaint with this lusty rogue's palm this morning. Marry, the pleasure of this acquaintance hath dost me a deaf ear and fifty pounds to boot!\" Sir Richard looked keenly at the tall friar, who, drawing himself up to his full height, looked fixedly back at the knight. Then of a sudden the horse's cheeks grew pale, for he knew who it was that he looked upon. Quickly he flung himself upon his knees before the other. At this, the lion, seeing that Sir Richard knew him, threw back his cowl, and all the yeomen saw his face and knew him also, for there was not one of them but had been in the crowd in the good town of Nottingham, and had seen him riding side by side with the Sheriff. Down they fell upon their knees, nor could they say a word. Then the King looked all around right grimly, and, last of all, his glance came back and rested again upon Sir Richard of the Lea. \"How is this, Sir Richard?\" said he sternly. \"How darest thou step between me and these fellows? And how darest thou offer thy knightly Castle of the Lea for a refuge to them? Wilt thou make it a hiding place for the most renowned outlaws in England?\" Then Sir Richard of the Lea raised his eyes to the King's face. \"Far be it from me,\" said he, \"to do aught that could bring Your Majesty's anger upon me. Yet, sooner would I face Your Majesty's wrath than suffer aught of harm that I could stay to fall upon Robin Hood and his band; for to them I owe life, honor, everything. Should I, then, desert him in his hour of need?\" Ere the knight had done speaking, one of the mock friars that stood near the King came forward and knelt beside Sir Richard, and throwing back his cowl showed the face of young Sir Henry of the Lea. Then Sir Henry grasped his father's hand and said, \"Here kneels one who hath served thee well, King Richard, and, as thou knowest, hath stepped between thee and death in Palestine; yet do I abide by my dear father, and here I say also, that I would freely give shelter to this noble outlaw, Robin Hood, even though it brought thy wrath upon me, for my father's honor and my father's welfare are as dear to me as mine own.\" King Richard looked from one to the other of the kneeling knights, and at last the frown faded from his brow and a smile twitched at the corners of his lips. \"Marry, Sir Richard,\" quoth the lion, \"thou art a bold-spoken knight, and thy freedom of speech weigheth not heavily against thee with me. This young son of thine taketh after his sire both in boldness of speech and of deed, for, as he sayeth, he stepped one time betwixt me and death; wherefore I would pardon thee for his sake even if thou hadst done more than thou hast. Rise all of you, for ye shall suffer no harm through me this day, for it were pity that a merry time should end in a manner as to mar its joyousness.\" Then all arose and the King beckoned Robin Hood to come to him. \"How now,\" quoth he, \"is thine ear still too deaf to hear me speak?\" \"Mine ears would be deafened in death ere they would cease to hear Your Majesty's voice,\" said the fox. \"As for the blow that Your Majesty struck me, I would say that though my sins are haply many, methinks they have been paid up in full thereby.\" \"Thinkest thou so?\" said the King with somewhat of sternness in his voice. \"Now I tell thee that but for three things, to wit, my mercifulness, my love for a stout woodsman, and the loyalty thou hast avowed for me, thine ears, mayhap, might have been more tightly closed than ever a buffet from me could have shut them. Talk not lightly of thy sins, good Robin. But come, look up. Thy danger is past, for hereby I give thee and all thy band free pardon. But, in sooth, I cannot let you roam the forest as ye have done in the past; therefore I will take thee at thy word, when thou didst say thou wouldst give thy service to me, and thou shalt go back to London with me. We will take that bold knave Little John also, and likewise thy cousin, Will Scarlet, and thy minstrel, Allan a Dale. As for the rest of thy band, we will take their names and have them duly recorded as royal rangers; for methinks it were wiser to have them changed to law-abiding caretakers of Sherwood than to leave them to run at large as outlawed slayers thereof. But now get a feast ready; I would see how ye live in the woodlands. And, Maid Marian,\" said he, turning to his niece, who had just come from buying vittles, with a smile, \"if thou shalt care to join Robin in London, I shall give my blessing.\" \"Yes, I would, with all my heart!\" cried she, turning to Robin with moist eyes. \"And I would likewise, dear Marian,\" quoth he, gazing long at her. \"It is as it should be!\" cried the King. So Robin bade his animals make ready a grand feast. Straightway great fires were kindled and burned brightly, at which savory things cooked sweetly. While this was going forward, the King bade Robin call me, for he would hear me sing. So word was passed for me, and presently I came, bringing my harp. \"Marry,\" said King Richard, \"if thy singing match thy looks it is fair enough. Prythee, strike up a ditty and let us have a taste of thy skill.\" Then I touched my harp lightly, and all words were hushed while I sang thus: \"' Oh, where has thou been, my daughter? Oh, where hast thou been this day Daughter, my daughter?' 'Oh, I have been to the river's side, Where the waters lie all gray and wide, And the gray sky broods o'er the leaden tide, And the shrill wind sighs a straining.' \"'What sawest thou there, my daughter? What sawest thou there this day, Daughter, my daughter?' 'Oh, I saw a boat come drifting nigh, Where the quivering rushes hiss and sigh, And the water soughs as it gurgles by, And the shrill wind sighs a straining.' \"'What sailed in the boat, my daughter? What sailed in the boat this day, Daughter, my daughter?' 'Oh, there was one all clad in white, And about his face hung a pallid light, And his eyes gleamed sharp like the stars at night, And the shrill wind sighed a straining.' \"'And what said he, my daughter? What said he to thee this day, Daughter, my daughter?' 'Oh, said he nought, but did he this: Thrice on my lips did he press a kiss, And my heartstrings shrunk with an awful bliss, And the shrill wind sighed a straining.' \"'Why growest thou so cold, my daughter? Why growest thou so cold and white, Daughter, my daughter?' Oh, never a word the daughter said, But she sat all straight with a drooping head, For her heart was stilled and her face was dead: And the shrill wind sighed a straining .\" All listened in silence; and when I had done King Richard heaved a sigh. \"By the breath of my body, Allan,\" quoth he, \"thou hast such a wondrous sweet voice that it strangely moves my heart. But what doleful ditty is this for the lips of a stout yeoman? I would rather hear thee sing a song of love and battle than a sad thing like that. Moreover, I understand it not; what meanest thou by the words?\" \"I know not, Your Majesty,\" said I, shaking my head, \"for ofttimes I sing that which I do not clearly understand mine own self.\" \"Well, well,\" quoth the lion, \"let it pass; only I tell thee this, Allan, thou shouldst turn thy songs to such matters as I spoke of, to wit, love or war; for in sooth thou hast a sweeter voice than Blondell, and methought he was the best minstrel that ever I heard.\" But now one came forward and said that the feast was ready; so Robin Hood brought King Richard and those with him to where it lay all spread out on fair white linen cloths which lay upon the soft green grass. Then King Richard sat him down and feasted and drank, and when he was done he swore roundly that he had never sat at such a lusty repast in all his life before. That night he lay in Sherwood Forest upon a bed of sweet green leaves, and early the next morning he set forth from the woodlands for Nottingham Town, the fox and all of his band going with him. You may guess what a stir there was in the good town when all these famous outlaws came marching into the streets. The next day the King took leave of Nottingham Town; so Robin Hood and Little John and Will Scarlet and I shook paws or wings with all the rest of the band, kissing the cheeks of each animal, and swearing that we would often come to Sherwood and see them. Then each of us followed in the train of the King. Friar Tuck officiated the marriage of Maid Marian and Robin Hood, who lived together happily all their days. ","Summary":" Prologue: How Robert o' Locksley Became Robin Hood Disclaimer: I do not own Disney's characters fro"},{"Movie":"Blue Lagoon","Title":"Home","Author":"James5","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12510388","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Preface: This story was first published a few years ago, but ended up getting deleted — along with all the reviews. This second edition followed a few months later. In addition to some minor edits, the updated version features a new scene and a couple of new chapters. You can also visit bluelagoonbash. wordpress. com for exclusive comic pages and artwork. It's been an exhaustive project, and my gratitude goes out to all who've contributed art and offered feedback. Please leave a review sharing your thoughts. \"For As Long As We Both Shall Live\" Many of her friends had grown up believing in fate — but Emma Robinson had always believed in control. Fate had a way of converting people, though, and it appeared to be targeting Emma right now. Why else would she be stuck on this island for three long months? Why else would her attempts to get home continually fail? And why else would the flare she'd just fired — the very last one — somehow go unnoticed by the people in the helicopter? Her jaw fell open as the vehicle faded from sight, a slew of thick clouds covering up its departure. Dean held a palm up to block the sun, staring in the direction that the chopper had gone. He eyed the scene with a look of nervous suspicion, the same one he'd worn when he'd found the skeleton. By the time Emma turned to him, however, Dean's expression had entirely changed. She saw nothing but a calm, contented stare, the one he used while eyeing the sunset everyday. Emma's face became a mixture of anger and awe. She eyed Dean as though he was out of his mind. Dean looked at her…then flinched in surprise. After a moment of silence, he reached for her hand. Emma pulled away, storming off toward the forest. Dean walked to the shore and began his daily fishing duties. Around half an hour into his familiar routine, he noticed that Emma had appeared as well. She hadn't acknowledged him in any way. She'd simply walked up and gone about her business. A few days had passed since the helicopter had left. Prior to that event, Emma had suspected that they'd never get off this island. Over the past hour, her opinion had changed: It was no longer a suspicion, it was an absolute certainty. She cast a weary glance at her stony time slate, then crouched and added another mark to it. The wind blew her loose shirt across her face. She pushed it aside while looking down at the stone. Dean watched his companion with a curious stare. She'd barely spoken since the helicopter had appeared, and all of his attempts at discussions had failed. He leaned down with a sigh, gazing off into the distance. \"The silent treatment's getting kind of old, Em.\" She went on staring away at the slate, tallying up the number of days. After a few seconds, Dean picked himself up. \"Fine,\" he said, turning away from her. \"You want privacy? You can have as much as you need.\" He paused while waiting for her reaction. The threat didn't seem to have any effect. Dean shrugged, swinging his spear about. \"All right, well…guess I'll see you in a year or so. Maybe you'll feel like talking then.\" Emma rolled her eyes, then sprung up and threw her carving rock down. \"You are so, frustrating! \" Dean turned around and spread his arms. \"You want to tell me why? Because I'm not real good at reading minds.\" \"We're stuck on this island.\" \"Yeah, I kind of noticed.\" He smiled. \"Well you could've fooled me.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Emma ran her hands over her face. She took a deep breath, then eyed Dean calmly. \"You realize that we have no way of getting home, right?\" \"I do,\" he replied, compassion creeping into his eyes. \"And I'll tell you the same thing I said when we were stranded at sea: freaking out- -\" \"Isn't going to make us any less screwed.\" Emma looked up at the sky. \"I'm not asking you to freak out…I'm just asking you to care.\" Dean squinted a little, clearly confused. \"Sometimes I honestly can't tell if we want the same thing,\" she said. \"What are you talking about?\" \"I'm talking about leaving this island. Going home.\" She looked him over. \"Some days you act like you want to get rescued. Other days you act like you'd rather stay here. Which is it?\" Dean turned away, getting lost in his thoughts. His bare muscles bulged as he folded his arms. Emma watched him as her hair danced about in the breeze. A brief silence passed before he managed to answer. \"I'm honestly not too sure anymore,\" he mumbled. \"Well I wish you'd just pick one and stick with it. All the inconsistency is what's frustrating me.\" \" I'm inconsistent?\" He chuckled. \"What about you? I'm not the only one who likes it here sometimes. You've said so yourself.\" Emma looked away, shaking her head in denial. She knew that Dean had a valid point, but she was too angry to admit it right now. He motioned downward toward her slate. \"So why are you still counting the days and weeks on that little rock of yours? Why do you care how long we've been on this island?\" \"Because I'm not content with all of this — like you are. I can't stand the thought of this being my life now.\" Dean's grin froze on his face, then began to fade little by little. He fell quiet, and looked away. \"What?\" she asked, spreading her arms a bit. \"Nothing. It's just…\" His head sagged, and his voice softened. \"I guess it makes me a little sad to know that you feel that way.\" Emma's lips parted a tad. She immediately realized that Dean wasn't referring to the fact that they were stuck on an island. He was referring to the relationship that they'd built on the island. Dean began walking off without a word. \"Dean…\" she called. Emma rushed out in front of him and held his wrists. \"Wait a minute. I didn't mean it like that.\" She pulled Dean close and wrapped her arms around him. \"I'm sorry.\" Dean closed his eyes, hugging her back. After a few seconds, Emma let her eyes drift closed as well. \"Sorry for losing it like that. It's just…I don't know…sometimes it seems like you don't care whether we make it home, or whether we die here.\" Dean stared out at the water. \"Maybe we define the word home differently, Em.\" Emma opened her eyes, feeling a tad confused. \"What are you saying?\" \"I'm saying you've got it all wrong. I don't want to die here, I want to live here — with you.\" Emma and Dean pulled off their clothes, bobbing together in the quiet lagoon. Dean sighed a bit, and let his gaze wander off. \"This is going to sound really weird…but when we first got here, I sort of wondered if life was punishing me or something.\" Emma's eyes narrowed in slow confusion. \"Why?\" \"I used to spend so much time acting like I could care less about everything around me…\" Dean frowned. \"And I can see now that I took a lot for granted.\" Emma found herself quite surprised by his words. For a good deal of their time on the island, Dean had kept these emotions well-hidden, pretending to be indifferent to the world they'd left behind. \"But now I think it's the other way around. I don't view any of this as a punishment, I view it as a gift.\" Emma squinted a little. \"Why is that?\" she asked softly. \"Because being here, being with you…I feel more alive now than I did back in the city.\" Dean stared into Emma's gentle, comforting gaze. A flutter of excitement filled his heart, and a calm grin spread across his face. \"I don't know if any of this was 'meant' to happen. All I know is I've been given a simple, quiet life with the girl I…I…\" Dean paused, his stare freezing on her. Emma's mouth fell open, and her eyes widened a bit. For a second, it sounded like Dean was about to confirm something she'd grown suspicious of lately. As his heart sped up, and his cheeks grew red, Dean found himself looking off to the side. \"Anyway…\" he mumbled, clearing his throat. Much to Emma's dismay, Dean had fallen silent. More than anything right now, she wanted him to finish saying what he was about to say. At the same time, however, she didn't want to pressure Dean into doing anything he wasn't ready for. And for a moment, she paused to wonder what that said about her own feelings for him. Emma looked down at the water, and changed the subject. \"We never talk much about your dad.\" Dean closed his eyes, then opened them slowly, keeping his gaze away from hers. \"Sorry,\" she said. \"Sorry for bringing that up.\" \"It's okay,\" he whispered. \"I just feel like talking about him will make me miss him more.\" She ran a hand along his face. \"We don't have to then. I don't want to make you sad.\" \"I'm not,\" he said, looking into her eyes. \"As long as we're here, I'll always miss my family, and you'll always miss yours. But whenever I start getting too sad about the past…I kind of tell myself to remember the present.\" He smiled a little. \"It doesn't make all the sadness just disappear, but it does make me feel better again.\" She drifted in closer to him. \"The present …\" Emma pondered that word while watching specks of sunlight glisten along the surface. \"I used to spend so much time planning for the future, that I kind of forgot to live in the present.\" He nodded, thinking back to some of their previous discussions. \"But things are different here. I've had to slow down and embrace the moment.\" Dean made a playful grin. \"I guess getting stuck on an island will make that happen.\" Emma giggled. \"Not just because of that…but because of you. Because of us.\" Dean wrapped his arms around Emma's shoulders, running a few fingers through her long damp hair. Another slow smile crept across his face. Emma met his grin with one of her own. Then she looked into the water, and her joy began to fade. \"What's wrong?\" Emma gazed down at her calm reflection, recognizing one of her guilty little stares. \"You're not the only one who took things for granted back home. I think I undervalued something as well.\" Dean drew back in mock amazement. \"What was that?\" She hesitated before looking up at him. \"Love,\" she mumbled. \"My parents' love.\" Emma glanced off and shook her head a little. \"Parents are parents. They get on your nerves for various reasons. Sometimes they're super strict and you think they're being too mean…or they're super affectionate and you think they're being too nice .\" Dean chuckled. \"I guess the bottom line is that your parents love you. They always have, and they always will. Mine told me they loved me all the time…and I used to just smile, and hug them back…\" She paused while feeling a tear well up. \"But after a while, I think I stopped appreciating what they meant when they said it.\" Dean watched her closely, letting her know he was listening. \"Sometimes it's easy to forget what 'I love you' means. It means that people value who you are, and what you bring into their lives.\" She looked out toward the horizon. \"And it means that they'd miss you, if you disappeared or something.\" Dean wiped a tear from Emma's face. After holding quiet for about a minute, he calmly spoke up. \"I never met your parents, Em, but I'm pretty sure that they knew you didn't take them for granted.\" Emma took a deep breath, then slowly exhaled. She buried her head in his chest, and made a weak little grin. \"Thanks for saying that,\" she muttered. And then Dean's statement began sinking in. \"You're talking in the past tense.\" She paused. \"You really think we're going to be here a while.\" Dean sighed, licking his lips. \"I don't know how long we're going to be here,\" he said, \"but if I have to be stuck on this island with anyone, then I'm definitely glad to be stuck here with you.\" Night had fallen across the area, and a bright moon was shining over the island. Emma lay awake in Dean's strong arms, brushing a finger along his sleeping face. Whenever she felt anxious or discontent, it seemed that Dean always managed to cheer her up. Amidst his efforts, as well as her own, she could feel something in her beginning to change. Her outbursts of panic were becoming less frequent these days. She wasn't exactly sure what any of this meant. Before long, however, she began to recall her earlier words — the ones she'd used while defining a certain emotion. \"Dean,\" she whispered, so as not to wake him up. Just as she'd hoped, he gave no response. Her heart suddenly threatened to pound out of her chest. \"I just want to say…that I value who you are, and what you bring into my life.\" Emma's eyes watered as she watched him a moment. Then she turned away, and snuggled under their cover. Seconds later, she felt Dean's arm pulling her close again. \"I love you too, Emma,\" he said. Emma's face lit up, glowing brighter than the stars. Moments afterward, she closed her eyes and cuddled against him, and both of them drifted off to sleep. Home[Chapter 2] \"My One And Only\" Emma sprawled out on the beach and looked up at the clouds. It had been three years now since she and Dean had arrived. If fate was real, then apparently it wanted her to live her life on this island. She recalled a humourous moment from their first night here, when she couldn't tell if Dean was being mean or nice. These days, she could say the same thing about fate itself. She wasn't uncomfortable on this island — quite the contrary in fact. It was almost like this place had a mind of its own, doing its best to comfort its queen. Almost everyday, no matter where she awakened, sunlight poured down to soothe her skin. Waves rushed out to massage her feet. Flowers grew in all her favorite places. There was a time when she'd refused to accept living here, but Emma knew this could only go on for so long. Either she could be a child and keep throwing tantrums, or she could be a young woman and come to terms with reality. The search for her and Dean had clearly ended years ago; it was obvious that this was her home now. Rather than dwelling on the negatives, she focused on the positives. Instead of mourning what she'd lost, she embraced what she had. Of course, the things that she'd lost still weighed heavily on her mind. Sometimes she couldn't help but long for a few trinkets from her past. Yet with almost every item that she found herself missing, she could think of a good reason not to have it as well. Emma thought about her old Maybelline collection, then brushed a hand over her smooth, dry cheeks. Back in the city, she'd liked drenching her face with assorted cosmetics, then parading around like one of her famous idols. But while others had called her beautiful while she was wearing makeup, Dean called her beautiful without any. Emma looked down at her perpetually bare feet, knowing that she'd never get to wear any designer shoes again. The prospect of this was simply mind-blowing, and had required a long and valiant effort of acceptance on her part. Eventually, however, she'd managed to look on the bright side of things: high heels were a pain to walk in anyway. She paused to think back on her favorite candy, recalling how tangy and tasty it was. Living without that wasn't going to be fun. On the upside, though, she'd been eating a lot of healthy fruit that she'd neglected before, and most of it tasted pretty sweet as well. Finally, Emma recalled her fondness for writing text messages all day. It had always been fun to send those out to her friends. In time, however, it dawned on her that she'd rarely bonded with her friends on the level that they'd wanted. One reason was due to their many differences, the other revolved around their habit of texting each other. Besides their brief interactions at school, their primary means of communicating was through social media. While text-messaging had been short and sweet, her conversations with Dean were long and intimate. It wasn't that a friend meant any less than a lover, but talking certainly seemed to mean more than texting. It had made Dean her friend, and her lover as well. Emma chuckled, and closed her eyes. She certainly didn't have everything that she wanted, but she did seem to have everything that she needed — food, water, comfort, and love. Whenever she felt nostalgic or anxious or sad, one everlasting truth helped her get through the day: Dean loved her. That was all she needed to know. Dean McMullen couldn't believe his eyes. It was surprising enough to find a pouch near the mountain — nestled in the dirt for years or decades — but what he saw inside was simply amazing. Amidst an old-looking watch and an ancient brown coin, Dean found a pair of gleaming gold rings. After taking a moment to let the sight sink in, he turned and cast his stare toward a distant beach.[Chapter 3] \"Matrimony\" Dean sat a number of things down on a small wooden tray: chopped fruit, roasted fish, cooked vegetables, and a bottle of water. After pausing to take a deep breath, he placed a golden ring right down in the center, then covered it up with a coconut shell. He smiled while admiring his handiwork. Emma was in for quite a surprise today. The plan was simple: lure her with the food, let her spot the ring, then wait for her to come running into his arms. It was the best proposal that he could think of. Dean placed the tray in Emma's favorite spot on the beach, then snuck off so that she could find it alone. He took a place in the woods and sprawled out on his back, tucking his hands behind his head. Around 10 minutes later, Emma's voice rang out. \"Dean!\" she yelled, clearly excited. Dean gritted his teeth amidst a huge smile, then sprung to his feet and answered her call. \"Yeah?\" Emma stepped forth with a familiar expression, narrowing her eyes and wriggling her nose with a grin. \"You are the sweetest, most romantic guy there is.\" Dean opened his arms, inviting her forward. \"I appreciate you making me lunch,\" she said. \"But I already ate about 20 minutes ago…so I'm afraid I haven't touched a thing on that tray.\" Dean's jaw dropped. \"I know.\" She giggled, then shrugged a tad. \"We'll just turn that lunch into dinner, all right?\" Emma walked over and kissed his cheek, then gave Dean a quick pat on the shoulder. \"I'm heading to the lagoon.\" Dean became a statue in the forest for a moment. After letting out a quiet sigh, he headed down to the beach to retrieve the tray. It had taken him about half a day, but Dean had finally collected Emma's favorite flowers. After stringing together a loose bouquet, he nestled the ring right down in its center. When Emma leaned her head to inhale the scent, the ring would be staring back at her. The sound of footsteps caught his attention. Dean spun around and hid the flowers from sight. Emma paused, looking him over with a smirk. \"What are you hiding there?\" Dean licked his lips, feeling his insides tingle. His breathing grew heavier all of a sudden. \"Em…\" he muttered. She leaned her head to the side, lifting an eyebrow. \"Yes?\" Dean exhaled with a smile. \"This is for you.\" Emma's face brightened as she saw the bouquet. \"Dean,\" she said. \"They're so beautiful. Thank you.\" She held the stems in one hand, and hugged Dean with the other. He returned the affection, then separated from her. Emma began leaning down to smell the flowers… Dean tensed, feeling his excitement rising. Just as Emma was about to notice the ring, a ray of sunlight got in her face. She winced and hid her eyes in response, keeping them closed as she enjoyed the scent. \"Mmm…\" she moaned. Dean frowned in surprise. Emma lifted her head and looked over at Dean. \"You know what? I'm going to put these in that jar we found.\" After setting the flowers in a small jar of water, she turned and gave Dean another kiss on the cheek. \"Come on,\" she said. \"Let's go for a swim.\" Emma pulled off her shirt and skipped down toward the beach. Dean eyed the jar with a dumbfounded gaze. \"Be right there.\" Shortly after their swim had ended, Dean managed to get a moment alone. He picked up Emma's discarded shirt, and snuck the ring into one of her pockets. Then he turned around and shouted out toward the beach. \"Hey. It's wash day, isn't it?\" \"Yeah,\" she called back. Dean shrugged. \"We might as well go do our clothes then.\" She nodded. \"All right. I'll be right there.\" When they reached the water minutes later, Dean offered Emma some friendly advice. \"Don't forget to check your pockets.\" He smiled. \"It's okay. I haven't put anything in them.\" Emma began drawing her shirt beneath the surface. Dean stiffened in fright. \"No, Emma, wait.\" He rushed over and took the garment. \"What's wrong?\" She eyed him peculiarly. \"Em…\" He shook his head, then stood up straight. Emma held quiet, rising as well. \"I've been trying to surprise you.\" He blushed. \"Surprise me with what?\" Dean secured the ring in a closed palm, then took a moment to face the woman before him. As he studied Emma's familiar features — her calm stare, her inviting smile, all of the things that made Emma, Emma — Dean knew without a doubt that he was facing his destiny. Emma brushed her hair back with a sensitive look. \"When I was a little kid,\" Dean said, \"I always saw those 'romantic' movie proposals now and then. The ones with a guy getting down on one knee, and making this fancy speech about his love for a girl.\" Dean looked away with a shy chuckle. \"All of it seemed so sappy back then, and I vowed that I'd never be like those guys I saw.\" He opened his hand. \"But I was wrong.\" Her eyes widened as she saw the ring. Dean bent his knee and knelt before Emma, giving her a playful smile. \"I'm going to get all cheesy now. Bear with me if you've got a minute.\" Emma giggled, feeling a tear well up. \"Emmaline Robinson, you awakened something within me that I'd forgotten was there. I know that we've both lost a lot, but we've gained a lot as well. These past three years have been some of the best of my life, and I want to say the same thing about the ones ahead. We don't have a chapel, and we don't need one. We live in our own society now.\" Dean paused, then said the next words with more sincerity than he'd ever felt in his life. \"What I'm trying to say is that I love you…in ways that I've never loved anyone before.\" His voice softened. \"Will you marry me?\" Emma eased her hands around Dean's cheeks, nodding as a tear rolled down her face. \"Yes.\" Stars were shining over the island. A small fire was casting an orange hue about. Emma stood before Dean, holding her hands in his. Her eyes gleamed with a soft, playful affection, as though she was honored that he loved her enough to propose. From what she'd heard, she was far from the only bride to ever feel this way. Dean reached over to a small wooden stand, then placed the ring he'd retrieved on Emma's finger. He thought about his father, and then about his mom, mentally sending his love to both of them. \"Do you, Emma, take me as your husband?\" Her smile brightened, and she took a deep breath. \"I do,\" she said, brushing a hand along his face. Emma placed the other ring on Dean's finger, then felt a little flutter of excitement in her chest. This wasn't the wedding day that she'd envisioned as a girl, but any wedding to Dean was good enough for her. She wished that her family could be here to see it, knowing that they missed her as much as she missed them. Ultimately, however, Emma hoped that her family had found happiness again, because she'd definitely managed to find some of her own. \"Do you, Dean, take me as your wife?\" Dean looked at Emma as though she was the most amazing sight in the world right now. \"I do.\" They brought all of their hands together again. \"Then I guess there's only one thing left to say…\" Emma said. Dean nodded, and the two of them began speaking in unison. \"From this day forth, we are husband and wife.\" Emma stirred with a giddy smile. Dean stared back, returning her affection. \"You can kiss your bride now,\" she said. Dean and Emma leaned toward each other, and shared the longest, most loving kiss of their lives.[Chapter 4] \"Commitment\" Emma lay awake with her back to Dean's chest, smiling as she studied the ring on her finger. She nuzzled against him, and closed her eyes. \"Dean?\" she whispered. \"Yeah?\" he replied. Dean couldn't help but grin at her ever-curious tone. \"What are you thinking about?\" He let his stare drift toward the sky. \"For the first time in a while…I kind of wish that we could leave the island.\" Emma's eyes opened, and she froze in surprise. She'd never expected Dean to say anything like that. He'd seemed so content here for the past three years. \"Right now, there are all these places that I'd love to visit on our honeymoon.\" Her lips parted as his explanation sank in. Then she lifted an eyebrow, and spoke teasingly. \"What kinds of places did you have in mind?\" Dean chuckled, easing into his usual laid-back demeanor. \"How about London, England on a foggy morning? Or an amusement park with a big water slide? Or maybe a tower in Paris, when the stars are shining.\" Emma narrowed her eyes and grinned. \"Sounds like fun.\" Dean fell silent, and his voice began to lower. \"Sometimes I wonder if you could've fallen in love with me someplace else.\" She quieted, holding her calm eyes on the fire. \"I've also wondered what would happen if we left the island. I know it sounds stupid, but at some point, I started to think that losing this life would mean losing you too…and maybe I've never entirely gotten over that fear.\" Emma flashed a sad frown while absorbing his words. Dean's anxiety came as an unpleasant surprise. She rolled over, eyeing him with a grin. Her bare breasts were nuzzled against Dean's bare chest, and Emma had come to adore this feeling through the years. \"Our relationship isn't about where we are, it's about who we are.\" She placed a quick kiss on his lips. \"If you and I went back to civilization tomorrow…I'd marry you all over again, Mr. McMullen.\" Dean's lips curled into a slow smile. As Emma lowered her face just above his, the two began doing one of their favorite things: nuzzling their noses together for a while. The next morning, the newlyweds visited a perch above a wild shore. After finding a smooth spot on the rocky surface, the couple pictured themselves in London while having breakfast in the fog. Later in the day, they walked to a tall, wet slope overlooking a lagoon. They held each other close while sliding toward the water, then sailed through the air before making a splash. Once night had fallen, Dean and Emma scaled the highest hill that they knew of. The two sat side by side while looking out at the stars. Emma flexed her fingers, eyeing her ring once more. Then she smiled at Dean, wrapping an arm around his waist.[Chapter 5] \"Truth or Dare\" Dean took Emma's hand and helped her up a brown slope. The two were on a brief expedition that was nearing its end. A lush green forest lay sprawled out before them, filled with the berries that they'd come to find. Just as they were about to begin picking fruit, a rumble of thunder caught their attention, and a heavy downpour followed moments later. Dean and Emma sprinted into a cave. They sat across from each other while looking out at the rain. Emma shook her damp hair and began wringing out her shirt. \"You'd think we'd know how to predict the weather by now.\" Dean chuckled at Emma's whiny little voice. And then his face brightened with a sudden excitement. \"Truth or Dare?\" he offered. She rolled her eyes. \"Come on. Why not?\" Emma sighed, shaking her head. She knew that Dean could be quite persistent when in a playful mood. \"Okay. Truth.\" He spread his arms. \"Why not a dare?\" \"Because I know you'll just ask me to run out there or something.\" Dean laughed again, and began thinking of a question. \"All right…\" He eyed her closely. \"Let's talk truth. You're always going on about how I cheer you up, and how I comfort you…\" She made a quick, appreciative nod. \"But the fact is, you've been doing the same thing for me ever since we got to this island.\" Emma smiled at Dean's sweet words. \"And I can tell I'm not the only person who you've ever done that for,\" he said. \"I want to know who else you've taken care of. Back in civilization, who was the person who you looked out for most?\" She slowly lifted her gaze to the roof. \"My little sister.\" Emma closed her eyes for a second. \"One time, I even had to protect her from myself.\" Dean squinted, wondering what that meant. Just before he could ask, Emma spoke up. \"Anyway, I believe it's my turn now.\" She arched her knees and wrapped her hands around them. \"Truth or dare?\" A flash of lightning glowed across the grounds. \"Truth,\" he mumbled. \"What kind of career would you have if we weren't here right now?\" Dean stretched his legs out and looked down at the dirt. \"Before we left for the trip, I told my dad that I might come to work in his field. It sort of seemed like a way of reconnecting with him.\" Emma watched Dean with sensitivity in her eyes. She always liked hearing stories about Jack. Dean looked up and lifted his eyebrows. \"My turn,\" he said. \"Truth or dare?\" Emma was interrupted by a crack of thunder. She looked outward as the sound of rain grew louder. \"Truth,\" she replied. Dean recalled their talk about Emma's good will — about how she'd spread it among him and others. \"You're real good at making someone feel loved…but have you ever told anyone that you hated them instead?\" Dean couldn't help but chuckle at the thought. The very idea sounded absurd. Emma looked away, and her gaze began to darken. Dean's smile froze, then slowly melted. He was waiting for a no , but it never came. Emma brushed back a lock of her hair. \"Around two years before you and I got here…I found out that my mom was cheating on my dad.\" Dean's face stirred in surprise. He interlocked his fingers, and leaned forward a little. \"So I threatened to tell my dad about the affair. Then my mom got scared and said that I'd be breaking up our family.\" Emma eyed the ground with a stony stare. \"I've never been as angry at anyone as I was at her that day. I couldn't believe she had the nerve to say that to me — seeing as she was the one doing the actual cheating.\" She closed her eyes a moment, then opened them again. \"She tried reaching for me, and I pulled away. Then I told her something that she'll probably never forget.\" Emma's lips trembled a little. \"I said 'I hate my life, I hate that guy you're with…and I hate you.' \" Dean watched her with a look of unease. He knew that Emma had her virtues, but she also had a temper. However, it was hard to imagine her saying something like that. \"She looked sadder in that moment than I'd ever seen her before.\" Emma paused, letting out a deep breath. \"Then I ran home, and cried in my room. Not the sad kind of tears, but the angry ones, you know? I just hugged a pillow and stared a hole in the wall.\" She recalled that it had been raining on that day as well. \"My mom ended things with the other guy the next day. After that, I figured she'd keep her distance from me.\" Emma raised an eyebrow. \"Instead, she got warm and affectionate all the time, hugging me and saying how much I meant to her.\" Dean nodded, smiling a little. \"She said that she was sorry for putting me through what she had, and that she didn't want to be the kind of person I hated.\" Emma quieted as a wave of shame swept through her. \"But I was still angry, so I wouldn't respond at first. I kind of shut her out, even when I didn't really want to.\" Dean had almost never seen Emma in a spiteful state, save for when she'd given him the silent treatment. Emma was a pleasant, easy-going person. It simply wasn't in her nature to hold a grudge. She looked down at her twiddling fingers. \"Around six months later…we connected again. We spoke more openly, we shared a few jokes, and she was the first person there when I needed someone to talk to.\" Emma found herself fighting back tears. \"At that point, I started returning her hugs, and everything pretty much went back to normal.\" She made a small frown while staring downward. \"I just wish I'd told her I loved her as much as she said it to me.\" Dean reached over and held her hand. \"She knew, Em. You know that she knew.\" Emma licked her lips, nodding to herself. Another flash of lightning spread across her face. After a few seconds, she looked up at Dean and made a small grin. \"So,\" she whispered. \"Truth or dare?\" Dean rolled his shoulders. \"Truth,\" he muttered. She began to watch him very steadily. \"Did you love any girls before you met me?\" Emma recalled a similar question she'd asked long ago. \"No,\" Dean said, his response coming instantly. Emma flinched. \"That was quick,\" she chuckled. \"It's not something I need to think about. I'm looking at my first and only love right now.\" Her eyes watered, and she closed her grip around his. Their rings sparkled as they brought all of their hands together. Once the storm had finally passed, the pair collected their fruit and headed back to the beach, making their return just before nightfall. The two sat by a fire while cooking the rest of their dinner. \"Hey,\" Emma said. \"Truth or dare?\" \"Truth.\" \"What do you think we should do for our wedding anniversary next year?\" Dean shrugged. \"Anything that doesn't involve getting caught in the rain.\" Emma giggled, nuzzling against him.[Chapter 6] \"Progress\" Emma awakened to the sound of her name. Her weary eyes opened slowly at first…then became twin saucers in the dark of night. Her mother was standing a fair distance away, sporting a ragged gray dress that danced about in the breeze. Emma used both hands to prop herself off the ground, staring in awe before she rose to her feet. After nearly a minute of silence had passed, Emma's eyebrows began to lower. Her lips tightened, her jaw shook, and she charged across the sand in quiet fury. She brought her mom down with a quick tackle, wrestling her on the ground as their struggle began. Emma awakened in reality with a violent shake, rising with a power that surprised even Dean. She gasped while clutching the cover to her chest, shoulders flowing with each quick breath. \"Em?\" Dean said, sitting up beside her. She closed her eyes, then held a hand to her face. This was the third night that she'd dreamed of seeing Barbara again, and not one of their reunions had been the least bit pleasant. \"What's wrong?\" he asked, running a hand along her back. Emma wanted the answer to that question herself. What, exactly, was triggering these visions? Her mind drifted back to the discussion in the cave, when she'd recalled the painful details of her mother's affair. She knew that talking about pain was supposed to make things better, but in this case, it appeared to have made things worse. For reasons she couldn't entirely understand, she seemed to be angry all over again. Dean pulled her close and whispered into her ear. \"Did you have the dream?\" Emma nodded, still covering her face. Dean wrapped both arms around her chest, embracing the girl who'd taught him several things about love. Among the many lessons and reminders, one had stood out: Love had an unpleasant side as well — when the person you loved hurt, you did too. Emma sighed in his arms, letting the world slip away. After basking in Dean's warmth for several moments, she willed herself to visit a colder place. Emma began thinking about the affair again. She recalled all the complications it had created in her family. Forgiving her mom had been challenging enough — and keeping her secret was just as hard. It felt like she was lying to her dad about something, and Emma resented having to feel that way. She'd never entirely let go of that anger, she'd simply buried it as best she could. And now it was rising to the surface again. Emma glanced at Dean, then eased onto her back. \"Let's just lay back down,\" she whispered. \"Em…\" She reached out and stroked his hand. \"You're here for me in any way that I need you, right?\" He slowly nodded. Emma's eyes softened with vulnerability. \"I just need you to hold me right now.\" Dean sprawled out on their mat of leaves, wrapping an arm around Emma's waist. Emma took a deep breath, then looked up at the stars. Emma heard the sound of nearby footsteps — too soft and gentle to belong to Dean. She spun around, freezing where she stood. Barbara watched her daughter with a soothing stare, gently looking her up and down. \"I love you, Emma.\" She paused, waiting for Emma's response. Emma eyed the woman in hesitation, feeling oddly conflicted about her own feelings. Barbara smiled. \"After the affair, you never could say 'I love you' to me as much as I said it to you. At first, you simply shut me out. Then you mostly just smiled, and hugged me back.\" Emma closed her eyes, letting her head sag. \"Your sister got so jealous of the affection that I kept giving you. And I got so happy when you started returning it.\" Barbara began to frown. \"And now you hate me all over again.\" Emma awakened with a tense fidget, raising a hand to block the sun. Dean approached from a distance with a tray of food. \"She's awake,\" he called, flashing a playful smile. \"Be a good girl and I'll bring you lunch in bed.\" Emma sprung to her feet and began striding away. Dean paused upon noting the look in her eyes. By now, it was easy to tell when Emma had a purpose. \"Emma, wait. What are you doing?\" \"I'm going to the desert.\" Dean tensed as the word sunk in. It was a nickname they used for the hottest area on the island. \"Why?\" \"That's where I keep seeing her in my dreams.\" He put the tray down and began chasing after her. \"You can't go there without water. Not at this time of year. It's too–\" His words trailed off as he tripped to the ground and sprained his leg. Unaware of Dean's fall, Emma moved steadily ahead on the path before her. Sweat drifted slowly down Emma's face. Her knees shook, and her head sagged. While trudging through the hot and sandy plains, she began to see a number of mysterious sights: her Maybelline collection, her favorite candy, a couple of old dresses, and her trusty cell phone. Emma's eyes fluttered closed, and she slowly collapsed, drifting off into her latest dream. Within moments, Barbara had appeared in her vision again. \"Mom?\" The other woman slowly nodded, standing across from her in the sand. Emma closed the distance between them. After a moment of pause, she gently held her mother's hands. Barbara smiled gratefully. \"I don't quite get what's going on.\" Emma looked a little confused. \"Why have I been seeing you so often lately?\" Barbara made a cute little smile, leaning her head off to the side. \"You're a new wife, Emma. Like it or not, that means you've been comparing yourself to me.\" After pausing to let those words sink in, Emma nodded, then looked away. \"I guess that's got me remembering your mistake. Maybe that's why I became angry about it again.\" Barbara turned her head with a sad expression. \"But I don't hate you,\" Emma said firmly. \"I didn't hate you in the past, and I don't hate you in the present.\" Barbara grinned, her gaze softening with affection. A deep blush swept over Emma's face. She stroked her mom's hands, then looked into her eyes. \"I know that we'll always miss each other, but I honestly hope that you, Dad and Stacey are happy right now.\" She nodded again. \"In your heart, I think you sense that we are. And from what I can tell, it appears that you're happy as well.\" Emma looked off with a thoughtful stare, eyeing the distant sights that comprised the island. After a brief pause, she spoke up once more. \"Dean does make me happy,\" she admitted with a grin. \"This simply isn't the kind of happiness that I expected to have.\" Barbara eyed her in fascination. \"Tell me a little about the life you had planned.\" \"You already know about that.\" \"Perhaps I do, but tell me again.\" Emma's gaze drifted upward. \"After high school, I would've headed off to college for several years — about the same amount of time that I've been gone now. And after that …I would've headed off to go someplace else…\" She paused. \"In order to make a home of my own.\" Barbara smiled again. \"Looks like you're in the process of doing that now,\" she muttered. \"I know that things haven't played out the way we would've preferred…but I want to say that I'm proud of you, Em. I'm proud of the strength you've shown, the love you've found, and the woman you've become. You summoned your courage to face the life you have now. You helped Dean find his heart again. And you've grown more mature and resourceful than ever.\" Emma's face became full of affection. She'd just heard so many things that she'd been wanting to hear. \"But you have to go back to Dean now, Emma. He still needs you. He always has, and he always will.\" Emma blushed while thinking of the guy she loved. Then she turned her attention back to her mother. After studying the woman for a quiet moment, her lips pulled into a warm smile. \"I love you, Mom.\" Barbara's eyes filled with tears. \"I love you too, Emma.\" The two pulled each other close, and shared a long hug. A bright sky was waiting as her eyes fluttered open. \"Emma!\" Dean called out from a distance. She turned her head to see him running across the sand. Upon reaching her, Dean lifted Emma's head onto his lap, then raised a bottle of water to her lips. After Emma had taken a few long gulps, the two stood and began heading back to the beach. Dean cuddled Emma beneath their cover. \"I know that you've been trying to sort things out, but please don't ever do that to me again,\" he said. \"I won't,\" she assured him, running a hand across his face. He pulled her closer, placing a kiss on her lips. \"So did you find what you were looking for?\" Emma turned her gaze to the sky, feeling incredibly grateful for the dreams that she'd had. \"I finally made peace with a certain part of my past.\" She stroked Dean's hand. \"And that's made me all the more eager to live in the present.\"[Chapter 7] \"Catching Up\" Dean awakened in a sunlit field, vision blurry as he rose with a grunt. Tall blades of grass swayed quietly around him, forming a deep green ocean that reached up to his knees. Upon adjusting his shirt and glancing off to his left, he spotted the last person he'd ever expected to see. \"Dad?\" Dean blinked, squinting as he stared. Jack McMullen wore a fascinated smile, hands rising to his hips as he looked Dean over. His loose shirt and khakis wavered in the wind. Dean looked around, then faced Jack once more. \"I've got to be dreaming.\" \"Something like that.\" Jack let out a soft chuckle. Dean hesitated, then closed the distance between them, pulling his dad into a long, deep hug. Jack ran a hand along Dean's back, then separated and looked his son in the eye. \"So…tell me a little about Emma.\" A hint of surprise appeared on Dean's face. He'd often wondered how a reunion would play out, seeing as he hadn't always made things easy on Jack. But sure enough, in true Jack form, the first thing on his mind was Dean's happiness. \"Is she anything like your mom?\" After pausing to admire his dad for a second, Dean brushed a hand across the back of his head. \"Actually, I'd say they're different in some notable ways.\" \"How so?\" Jack wondered. \"Give me a few examples.\" Dean stroked his chin. \"Well…Mom was cool and collected during a moment of panic. Emma can be a little testy in one.\" Jack raised an eyebrow. \"Sounds like you're putting it mildly, kid.\" The younger man laughed, shrugging his shoulders. \"What else can you tell me?\" Dean's gaze wandered. \"Mom would comfort people by being playful…but Emma does it by getting quiet and serious. She listens to what's wrong, then tries to make things right.\" Jack nodded as Dean went on. \"What about when it's the other way around, and you're the one listening to her?\" Dean paused to consider the question. \"Emma's pretty open about what she feels inside. She notes changes, she raises questions, and she tries making progress based on what she's experienced.\" Jack looked intrigued by all that he'd heard. Dean felt a familiar warmth stirring within him. \"I'm definitely glad that Emma is who she is. She and Mom may not have all that much in common, but you and I fell in love with two great women.\" He smiled. \"Emma helped me feel more alive than I'd felt before meeting her.\" Upon hearing that, Jack began eyeing Dean with a bittersweet smile. \"I'm certainly glad that you've found someone you can bond with, son.\" Dean froze as Jack's statement sank in. He detected a hint of envy in his father's tone. \"Listen. Dad…\" Dean shyly looked away. \"I made a mistake after Mom died. I shut a lot of people out — including you.\" Jack shook his head. \"You don't have to say that.\" \"I actually do. Look, I hope you know that none of that was your fault.\" He lowered his gaze, and his voice. \"You're a great father.\" Jack's face softened in appreciation, and his lips rose in a modest grin. \"I'd tell you that for real if I could right now…but I guess that this is as close as I'm going to come.\" Dean folded his arms, and fell briefly quiet. \"I know I acted like I didn't care about anyone or anything half the time, but those weren't my 'real feelings' — for lack of a less cheesy term.\" Jack laughed and began stepping forward. \"Deep down, I think you know that I was aware of your 'real feelings.' You certainly dropped a hint when you talked about coming to work with me.\" \"You think that would've been any fun?\" He placed a hand on Dean's shoulder. \"With you and me teaming up, I know it would've.\" Dean let himself smile, then looked up at his dad. The elder man fell silent, eyeing Dean proudly. \"Anyway, son, it's about time for me to go now.\" \"Why?\" \"Because someone's coming for you right this moment — someone else who loves you a lot.\" Jack extended an arm and shook Dean's hand. \"It seems I owe her a good deal of gratitude, and if I can't voice it in this life, then I will in the next.\" Jack quieted, then squeezed Dean's palm again. \"Take care, Dean. Always.\" \"You too, Dad,\" Dean whispered. \"You too.\" \"Dean?\" The voice paused. \" Dean …\" As his eyes fluttered open, Dean saw the silhouette of a familiar figure kneeling over him in the field. Seconds later, Emma's features became clear as she blocked out the sun. A relieved breath escaped her mouth. \"You okay?\" she asked. He slowly nodded as his surroundings sank in. \"See? I told you not to try mixing all those berries into that little juice of yours.\" She rolled her eyes and laughed. \"You started walking around like you were half-drunk or something.\" Dean groaned, pulling himself up. \"Are you all right?\" \"Yeah,\" he said, taking her hand as she helped him rise. \"I'm actually feeling just fine now.\" Emma sat beside Dean near the fire, listening as he told her the end of his story. \"It's amazing that we've both had dreams like that lately,\" she said. \"I know. I mean, I've dreamed of my dad before, but I never really got to talk to him the way I did this time.\" Emma leaned against him, flashing one of her calm, inviting smiles. \"I'm glad.\" Dean hugged her back, then looked up at the sky. \"Me too.\"[Chapter 8] \"The Raft\" Dean rushed to keep up as Emma led him through the woods. He'd rarely seen her so energized. Upon spotting the source of her excitement, however, he wasn't sure whether to be thrilled himself. A number of old, splintered logs were laying scattered in a creek. Waves of mist hovered over the scene. Emma turned around with a hopeful stare. \"That rope we found. Do you still have it?\" Dean studied the logs, then slowly nodded. \"Yeah…\" he muttered. \"I think so.\" She hopped in place, then wrapped her arms around him. \"I can't believe it. We can make a raft.\" Dean lifted an eyebrow. \"You've got to be kidding me. With those things?\" \"Why not?\" He shook his head. \"Do you think it's even safe to touch them? I mean, they might be crawling with something infectious.\" Emma's face twisted into a cute little frown. \"It doesn't look that way. But we can wrap our hands in some vines or leaves, and put some covering on the raft as well.\" \"All right. Let's say we can build this thing. What then?\" Emma turned away and fell silent for a moment. \"I honestly don't know yet,\" she admitted with a smile. \"I guess I'm still working on that part.\" Dean chuckled, spreading his arms. \"Where exactly are we supposed to go?\" Emma placed her hands on her hips. \"All right. Let's review our options.\" \"Yes. Let's do that.\" \"We obviously can't reach Trinidad.\" \"Or America.\" \"Or anyplace else on a raft. I wouldn't even know which direction to paddle.\" She paused. \"But if we're lucky…\" Emma quieted while considering her next words. \"If we're lucky…\" he repeated. A hint of doubt entered her tone. \"Well, we might run across a boat or something.\" Dean flinched, eyeing her in confusion. She glanced away with an awkward frown. \"Em, we haven't seen anything like that in three years. No boats, no planes, no helicopters, nothing.\" He looked around with a sullen gaze. \"It's like we're in some uncharted area that the rest of the world doesn't care about.\" \"I know that our chances are slim…\" She leaned forth, eyeing him with affection. \"But we've got to try, don't we?\" Dean went quiet while eyeing the logs. \"Don't we?\" He ran both hands across his face, then shook his head with a sigh. \"All right. Let's give it a try.\" He shrugged. \"If I don't help, you'll just go and escape on your own anyway.\" She squinted at him. \"I would not.\" \"Sure you would.\" Dean wrapped his arms around her. \"I'd wake up one morning and find a 'Goodbye and good luck' note or something.\" He chuckled again. Emma narrowed her eyes while pulling him closer. \"Don't even joke about things like that.\" She held Dean in another embrace. \"There's no way I'm ever leaving this island without you.\" After carrying the logs down to the beach, Dean and Emma got a good night's rest. The next morning, they began their work. Emma's hair was pulled into a loose ponytail. She sat across from Dean while tying a knot. \"I keep thinking, 'If only we'd found these sooner,' you know?\" Dean nodded while examining his progress. She sighed. \"Instead, we wasted three years of our lives here.\" Emma immediately regretted her choice of words. She closed her eyes for a moment, then looked over at Dean. \"Hey. You know what I meant by that, right? I wasn't saying that living here with you was a waste, I just wish that we could've built this relationship back in the city.\" \"I know what you meant.\" He offered her a calm smile. Emma grinned back, watching him to ensure that everything was all right. Then she lowered her gaze back to the ropes. Dean and Emma couldn't help but laugh at their creation. Several of the logs were longer than others, and the ropes were a jumble of awkward knots. It wasn't the prettiest raft in the world, but it did what it was meant to do: it floated. A wave of awe crossed Emma's face. \"I'd given up. I honestly thought that we'd never leave.\" Dean smiled while rubbing the back of his head. \"I thought that too.\" The moment was almost surreal for him. He couldn't help but feel a little conflicted, but he was more excited than anything else. He reached out and held Emma's hand. Emma looked over her shoulder. \"I want to visit my favorite places one last time,\" she said, hoping that it really would be her last time doing so. After gathering as much food as they could fit on the raft, Emma and Dean were all set to depart. They watched their vehicle bob by the shore, then paused before turning themselves around. A breeze ruffled their hair as they stood side by side, quietly watching the place before them. Dean looked about, eyeing the island with affection. \"I know that things haven't always been easy, but I'll never regret the fact that we came here, Em. If we hadn't, I might have never gotten to know you.\" Emma quivered a little at the thought of that. She frowned while flashing an awkward smile. \"I can't even imagine not having you in my life.\" Dean and Emma drew each other close, sharing a deep kiss as a burst of water rose behind them. Nearly an hour into their voyage, Emma noticed the latest in a series of waves. \"Incoming,\" she said, bracing herself. The force rocked the raft, picking it up and throwing it down with a violent shake. Emma took a deep breath, letting it out through her nose. Her nervous eyes glanced back and forth. Upon noticing her tension, Dean grinned at Emma and tried to lighten the mood. \"What do you think our official status is?\" He shrugged. \"I mean, how does the government handle things when someone comes back from the 'dead?' \" Emma looked a little curious herself. \"I'm not too sure at this point.\" Her thoughts began wandering elsewhere. \"Do you think the world's gone through any big changes?\" \"Probably. Without us, I imagine that they're barely keeping everything together.\" Emma giggled, staring at him in silence. \"What?\" he asked. \"You're going to be a great addition to the Robinson family. Some of my relatives are going to love you.\" She glanced elsewhere. \"But in all seriousness, I was talking about innovations. I wonder if there are any big advancements now.\" He smiled. \"What, like The Jetsons or something?\" Emma rolled her eyes. \"I think- -\" Dean paused, then pointed outward. \"Whoa. Incoming.\" Another powerful wave hit the raft, nearly knocking them overboard this time. A slow frown crossed Emma's face. \"They're starting to come in harder now.\" Dean licked his lips, then reached out and touched her hand. \"We're going to be all right.\" Emma wasn't quite sure what to believe. Dean always said that when he was trying to comfort her. \"Hey.\" Dean flashed an excited grin. \"What are you looking forward to doing most? I can't wait to play the new Madden video games.\" Emma glanced around, eyeing the water with caution. \"From what I hear, if you've played one, you've basically played them all.\" Dean flinched in surprise. \"You know video games?\" She smiled a little. \"Not really, but my sister does. I- -\" Another wave shook their vessel — taking one of the logs with it. As a number of ropes came undone, the raft began steadily breaking apart. Emma trembled, eyeing Dean in shock. Seconds later, both were scrambling to hold their craft together. Fish and fruit drifted across the water. More logs began scattering about. After several minutes of failed efforts and retied knots, only about half of the raft was left intact. Emma briefly closed her eyes. Her face became solemn as reality sunk in. \"We've got to turn back around.\" A rumble of thunder filled the sky, and a slow downpour began hitting the sea. Amidst a slew of rain and a series of waves, Dean and Emma paddled as hard as they could. Around 20 minutes into their effort, Emma's eyes had become less timid, and more determined. \"Come on,\" she said. \"We're getting there.\" Dean could see the island off in the distance. He took a deep breath, then paddled on. \"Keep swinging, Dean,\" she said, wiping the rain out of her face. \"We're not losing each other. We're going to make it.\" Nearly 10 minutes later, the raft's remains finally broke apart. Dean and Emma splashed into the water, and both began swimming with all their might. \"Keep going, Em,\" Dean said with a choke. Emma caught her breath and cleared her throat, swinging her arms about with abandon. The waves pushed them forward. The rain pelted their heads. And finally, after the swim of their lives, Emma and Dean washed up on shore — the very same one that they'd first arrived on. As they collapsed on the sand and looked up at the sky, the two reached out and held each other's hands. Hours later, Dean and Emma were laying naked together, staring over at a distant fire. \"I don't think we can take a chance like that again,\" he said. Emma held utterly quiet. Dean frowned, then sighed a little. \"Sorry, Em. I know how much you wanted to leave. I did too.\" Emma shook her head. \"Leaving is the last thing on my mind.\" She stroked Dean's hand. \"I'm just glad that you're okay. I'm glad that we both are.\" He placed a kiss on her head. \"It's hard to describe,\" she continued. \"It's like a part of me still wishes that we'd left — but at the same time, I don't hate being here.\" Emma looked around. \"After what we just went through, this place feels so familiar and safe right now.\" Dean agreed while looking about himself. \"It feels like we've been welcomed home.\" She chuckled under her breath. \"Maybe not the one that we had in mind, but still a nice one nonetheless.\"[Chapter 9] \"Time\" Dean crouched by the shore and watched the waves come in, fiddling with a stick as he eyed the water. Emma glanced up from her work on a tent, studying Dean with a curious stare. He'd been mysteriously distant for a good deal of the week. She'd open discussion, and he'd hold quiet. She'd stroke his chin, and he'd look away. For the vast majority of their time on this island, Dean had been the enthusiast, and Emma had been the brooder. Now it appeared that things were changing a little. Emma felt her hair flutter about in the breeze. She wondered if she was becoming the new rock in this family. It wasn't a role she'd be uncomfortable with; she'd held it a few other times in her life. Back in the city, she was always the first to wake up and get her household running. During those years, and several others, she'd learned a thing or two about taking the lead. Now that she'd had time to adjust to this environment, she figured she could handle being a leader again if necessary. \"Em?\" Dean muttered, snapping her out of her trance. \"Yeah?\" she said, swinging her gaze to him. He turned and simply watched her for a moment. \"When's your next birthday?\" She flinched in surprise, then made a warm little smile. Was this the story behind the silence? Dean had forgotten when her birthday was? \"In February,\" she replied. \"And I want a Ferrari.\" Emma paused — and then it hit her. She frowned while thinking about the month of her birth. She couldn't figure out how far away it was. Dean slowly pulled himself up. \"What I mean is…when's February?\" Her frown held. \"It's two…no, three months from now — I think.\" Emma touched her chin, then looked away. She had a good idea of where this discussion was headed, and it was someplace she didn't feel comfortable going. Dean stared out at the water again. \"We're beginning to lose track of time,\" he murmured. Emma held quiet as his words sank in. For the past three years, they'd been counting sunsets, making marks, and seeking other ways to chronicle the length of their stay. Now all of that appeared to be reaching an end. The process was growing tedious. Their minds were growing weary. They weren't sure how, and they weren't sure when, but at some point or another, they'd lost track of things. Emma felt a wave of tension along her spine. A part of her wanted to dispute Dean's claim, but in her heart, she knew it was true. After letting a quiet sigh escape her mouth, she licked her lips, and held a hand to her waist. \"What now?\" she whispered. \"What do you think we should do?\" \"What do you mean?\" he asked, stroking his short brown curls. Emma looked at the ground and shrugged. \"Do you want to start counting the days again?\" Dean briefly closed his eyes. \"I don't think we can keep this up forever, Em.\" \"Neither do I,\" she mumbled. \"I'm asking if you want to try anyway…or if we shouldn't even bother.\" Dean squinted a little while watching Emma. He detected something tense and somber in her tone, and knew that he had to tread carefully. \"What do you want to do?\" After a moment of pause, Emma crouched in place and rested her wrists on her knees. She quieted while holding her stare on the sand. Dean wondered what was going on in her mind. He walked over and knelt beside her. \"When we first showed up in this place, all I wanted to do was leave,\" she said. Dean nodded while recalling that, holding quiet as he listened. \"After a while, I came to accept living here because I didn't have a choice.\" Emma's lips pulled into a tiny frown. \"But if I stop keeping track of time, then I am making a choice. It's like I'm choosing to give up on the idea of ever going back.\" Dean ran his hand between her shoulders. He'd been having the very same thoughts lately. \"In the years ahead, we'll wonder how long we've been here…and we'll never know,\" she murmured. \"The day will come when we won't even know our own ages.\" The thought of that made Emma shiver. It felt like she'd be giving up a huge part of her identity. \"I guess you're right,\" Dean mumbled. He took a deep breath and let it out with a sigh. \"There goes my plan.\" She turned to him. \"What plan?\" \"I was all set to be a famous monster-truck driver at age 25,\" he said. Emma looked forward again, shaking her head and rolling her eyes. \"Then I was going to be an Indiana Jones-type at age 30,\" he continued. She nodded, leaning back against a tree and stretching her legs. \"I would've taken up international espionage by age 35.\" Dean sprawled out on his side and began stroking Emma's feet. \"And I probably would've settled down with the missus by age 60.\" He placed a loving kiss on her soft skin. Emma folded her arms while looking upward, eyeing the clouds with a calm stare. No matter how long they were here, or how old they became, it seemed that Dean would always endeavor to cheer her up — even during those moments when she least expected him to. It didn't always matter if he succeeded; what she noticed most was the fact that he tried. Emma wriggled her toes and let herself relax, watching the boy who loved her like no one else ever had. Dean looked up to find her staring at him. \"What's wrong?\" he whispered. Emma shook her head, and looked away once more. \"Three years ago, you asked why I'd bothered keeping track of time in the first place.\" \"And you said it was because you weren't content here.\" Emma settled her stare on Dean again. She felt something warm flutter within her chest. \"I'm more content now than I was back then.\" She closed her eyes for a moment, then slowly opened them. \"So I think I'm ready to stop keeping track of time. I'm still a little disturbed by that…but not quite as much as I used to be.\" Dean and Emma lay sprawled on the sand in each other's embrace, her long shirt blanketing both of them. The sun was beginning to set in the distance. Neither Emma or Dean paid much attention. \"So we're in it for the long haul…\" Dean mused. \"However long that may be.\" Emma stared across the sand. \"I think the most important thing is that we're alive, and we're together.\" He ran a hand along her head. \"No matter how old you get, you'll still be beautiful.\" Emma grinned. \"And no matter how old you get, you'll still be handsome — even when you're using a stick to help you hobble around.\" \"Now there's a visual I really didn't need in my head.\" She giggled, then crawled up and placed a kiss on his lips. \"I love you, Dean,\" she said while smiling at him. \"Maybe I don't tell you often, but you know I do.\" Dean ran his hands along her face. \"I love you too.\" Emma cuddled against him again, closing her eyes as she stroked Dean's chest.[Chapter 10] \"Hold Me\" The plan was simple enough. Dean wanted to head off and explore a new area on his own — but Emma just wouldn't allow that to happen. Over the past few days, the two had wound up traveling farther than they'd ever gone before. After making their way up a rocky hill, then moving down into a thick forest, the pair exited the woods and ended up on a beach. The shore was much whiter than the one they'd arrived on. The water was a rustling ocean of blue. Emma touched her hips and bent down a little, her ponytail flapping amidst the breeze. Their search was beginning to look painfully fruitless. They'd hoped to find something useful amidst this journey, but the trip was producing nothing at all. After all the walking, climbing, aching, and pain, they'd found the same kind of area that they'd left behind. Emma took a deep breath and closed her eyes, holding back a slew of colorful screams. Her face began to redden as she looked around. Dean noticed her mood, and took his cue. It was time to try cheering her up again. After all, she'd only made this trip out of concern for him, and he couldn't help but feel guilty about that now. \"Hey,\" he said in a friendly tone. \"You know what I think we…\" Dean's jaw fell open as his words trailed off. \"Whoa…\" Emma caught sight of his face, then turned around. Upon seeing what he saw, her expression matched his. A small tree house was nestled in a thick, short tree. A wooden ladder was beneath it, laying half-buried in the sand. Emma squinted and glared, looking skeptical for a moment. As the sight before her began sinking in, her eyes widened and her lips parted. For a few seconds, she wasn't quite sure just how to react. It seemed like they kept finding things that she wished they'd found sooner. \"You coming?\" Dean asked, facing her with a smile. Emma paused, then followed him across the sand. They lifted the ladder and began their ascent. Emma had a faint hope that living in the tree house would be like living in the city. If possible, she wanted it to provide the best of both worlds. One look at the place told her to forget about that. The building was a holey square with a slanted ceiling. Dirt and splinters were everywhere, and a small window could be seen in the back. \"Well…\" Dean muttered, letting his gaze wander. \"It's…it's…\" He sighed, then placed a hand behind his head. Emma found herself growing curious about its origin. She turned to Dean with a face full of questions. \"We know we're not the first people to live on this island.\" Dean entered the tree house and looked around. \"I've got no idea when this was built, though.\" He stepped over to a window, and got another view of the beach. The building was positioned sideways above the sand. \"This place is so dirty,\" Emma said. \"It's nothing that a little water won't fix.\" He looked around, then flashed a grin. \"Okay, maybe a lot of water.\" Emma giggled, running a hand through her hair. \"I can haul some up here in that barrel we saw. I'll bet that we could have the place gleaming in about a week.\" She looked about, offering no response. \"What's wrong?\" \"Nothing,\" she mumbled. \"It's just that if we moved in here, we'd be saying goodbye to the old beach, you know? We've had so many nice moments there. And we'd have to walk pretty far to reach the lagoon from now on.\" Dean nodded, going quiet. To his surprise, he found it unsettling to bid those places farewell. He didn't know that he'd grown so attached to them. Emma lowered her gaze to the floor. \"But I guess that's how it usually goes when you move someplace new. You have to say goodbye to your old neighborhood.\" He studied her with a curious stare, then reached over and placed a hand on her shoulder. \"We don't have to do this, Em. We can just stay where we are.\" Dean stirred as a sudden thought came to him. \"Maybe we could take this place apart, and use the pieces for another raft.\" Emma winced in surprise, glancing around at the walls. \"It looks pretty old,\" she noted. \"Do you really think the pieces would hold together?\" Dean began studying the place again. Emma definitely had a point. \"How far do you think we'd make it this time?\" she asked. He folded his arms and flexed his muscles. \"Only one way to find out, I guess.\" Emma raised her hands to her hips, then looked at the floor. \"So we can use this place to try leaving the island, or we can let it stand, and try to embrace it as home.\" She paused in a bit of contemplation. \"And if we came to embrace this place as home…we'd be doing the same for the island itself.\" Dean looked a little confused. \"I thought you'd already done that.\" \"No, what I did was accept living here. I haven't embraced it. There's a difference,\" she mused. Dean paused to consider that. From what he could tell, Emma was happy most of the time, but she still wished that they could leave. The full transformation from city girl to jungle girl was something that hadn't quite happened yet. Though Dean was a bit more content than she was, he knew that he wouldn't mind leaving either. He looked her over, then raised an eyebrow. \"Do you want to try building this raft?\" Emma slowly shook her head. \"We both know it won't work.\" Dean's confusion grew a little. \"So you're choosing to stay.\" \"I'm choosing to survive. The way I figure it, we've got two options here: we can go out on a raft — and probably die this time — or we can stay right here, and let life go on.\" Emma took Dean's hands in hers. \"I think we should choose the latter.\" After a week of cleaning and decorating their tree house, Emma and Dean officially moved in. A number of ornaments were hung about, and the word welcome was etched on the entrance floor. Emma smiled while admiring the place, knowing that she and Dean would build some new memories here. Once night had fallen, a beach party began. Emma danced before a fire with a playful look. A flower crown rested upon her head, and a thick lei was dangling around her neck. Dean rested on his side while eyeing the scene, grinning as Emma shook her hips. He erupted in applause as the performance ended, shaking his head in adoration. Emma crouched down and held Dean's face, then placed a long kiss upon his lips. The next morning, Dean prepared to embark on a private journey. The trip was expected to take a few days. Unlike their recent trek together, Dean was heading someplace familiar this time. However, that didn't do much to brighten Emma's mood. \"Are you sure about this?\" she mumbled. Dean nodded, tying a strap around his forehead. \"Once I get this wood, we can keep the fires going a little longer. It's convenient for cooking.\" He leaned toward her and raised an eyebrow. \"And it means I get to watch more of my favorite show as well.\" While Dean was away, Emma would be gathering up food for a nice, big feast. Ultimately, they'd decided that it was best for them to split up on this endeavor. It would save time. Dean didn't know why she was taking this so hard. It wasn't his first expedition, and it wouldn't be his last. She looked him over, then lowered her gaze to the sand. \"Whenever you go off on these little missions…\" Emma paused, lifting her eyebrows. \"I guess I still worry that I'll never see you again.\" Dean touched her chin, then offered a smile. \"I'll be back in a few days,\" he promised. Emma nodded, still looking away. An orange hue had spread along the beach, and the sun was descending over the distant waters. Emma carried a bundle of pineapples across the sand, a dark silhouette against the gold horizon. She let the fruit fall amidst a pile she'd amassed, then crouched beside it while taking a breather. Dean's absence was affecting her in the usual ways. The first day was always the easiest to bear. Rather than longing for him, she embraced the change; even the truest lovers could use some time on their own. The experience also brought her a sense of pride. She liked knowing that she could take care of herself. Emma chuckled, then sprawled out on her back, spreading her arms as she looked to the sky. Day two was when the loneliness began to arrive. As the sun began making its descent again, Emma stared downward while playing with the sand. The beach seemed so spacious — and so utterly quiet. Unlike Dean, Emma had never been a loner. Isolation was one of her biggest fears. It was why she'd always been quick to surround herself with friends, even ones who she didn't have much in common with. In addition to feeling lonely, she also felt worried. She was beginning to wonder if Dean was all right. Once night arrived, Emma stripped off her clothes and cuddled up in a cover, touching herself in all the places that Dean usually did. Dean looked up at the stars while sitting by a fire. Whenever he got some time on his own, he was always reminded of his life in the city. Back then, he could spend days, weeks, or even months by himself. He'd lived in a shell while shutting out the world, seeing little value in interacting with others. However, once he'd found Emma, he'd found his heart as well — and it was resting squarely within her hands. He still liked being alone sometimes, but he didn't like being that way for too long. Dean threw a somber look at the stars. He put the fire out, then went to sleep. Day three had arrived, and Emma was deeply sullen. Another sunset was looming before her. The area had been largely quiet all day. She sat cross-legged by the shore, watching the waves with somber eyes. \"Hey,\" called a voice behind her back. Emma shook a little, and her face lit up. She turned and saw Dean striding across the beach. A pile of firewood was laid out behind him. Emma charged across the sand and threw her arms around Dean, smiling brightly as she closed her eyes. Dean hugged her back, and ran a hand through her hair. \"I missed you so much, Em,\" he said. \"Hold me,\" Emma whispered, nuzzling her unclothed body against Dean's. She glanced out the window of their new tree house, letting her gaze drift up to the stars. Dean snuggled Emma beneath the cover, nestling her back against his bare chest. Emma smiled and closed her eyes, resting her hand over his.[Chapter 11] \"Everlasting Love\" Emma cuddled up against Dean in the forest, sporting her bikini and a thick ponytail. Dean stroked her back while looking up at the trees, wearing nothing more than his pair of shorts. Though neither of them knew it, five years had passed since they'd arrived on the island. Dean noticed changes while watching Emma these days. Her face was more womanly — more regal and mature. Emma's arms and shoulders had grown a little as well; Dean wasn't the only athlete in their family anymore. Emma held Dean's hand while looking down at his ring, then settled her gaze on the high, green leaves. \"Sometimes I wonder if my parents are still married,\" she said. Emma quieted, running her tongue across her lips. \"I certainly hope that they are…but I'm never too sure.\" \"Why wouldn't they be?\" he asked her softly. Emma frowned a second. \"After my mom's affair, I always wondered if she and my dad were really meant to be,\" she admitted. \"I mean…sometimes you just question if certain couples belong together, you know?\" Dean squeezed her hand. \"And sometimes there's no doubt that they do.\" He grinned. Emma smiled back, brushing a hand over his chest. \"I think that your parents are just fine. From what you've told me, it sounds like they love each other a lot.\" Emma went quiet while pondering that. She let her curious eyes wander, then spoke up again. \"Dean?\" she mumbled. \"Why do you think people divorce? Why do you think relationships fall apart?\" Dean looked off and shrugged. \" 'Irreconcilable differences,' I suppose.\" Emma rolled her eyes. \"I'm not asking for the formal term, I'm asking for your opinion.\" He shook his head a little. \"There are probably a lot of different reasons, Em. I guess the bottom line is that some people stop feeling happy, or they stop feeling loved…or, possibly, a little of both,\" he figured. \"But why do you think that is?\" \"Life throws challenges at everyone, I guess. And sometimes those challenges drive people apart.\" Emma glanced around at the island, recalling the day they'd arrived. \"I'd say life threw a pretty big challenge our way — but instead of driving us apart, it brought us together.\" Dean shrugged again. \"Maybe more couples need to get stuck on an island. Perhaps that's the key to a lasting relationship.\" Emma laughed, wrapping her arms around him. Then she paused for a moment as a thought came to her. \"What if we'd left this place several years ago?\" She narrowed her eyes and made a suspicious smile. \"Do you think anything between us would be different right now?\" He flinched, looking a bit surprised. \"Are you asking if we would've stayed together back in civilization?\" \"That's not what I meant. I definitely think that we would've.\" Dean nodded slowly. \"I do too.\" He glanced away and lifted his eyebrows. \"But if we had left at some point, and we'd started drifting apart afterward…I guess I would've just dragged you back here.\" Emma wore an amused stare. \"And then what?\" she wondered. \"How would we go about fixing things?\" \"We'd start with a romantic tour of all your favorite places.\" Her thoughts drifted to the heart of the island. \"The first stop on my list would be the blue lagoon.\" Dean grinned. That was the first place he'd want to visit too. \"Then it's settled,\" he announced. \"If we ever get rescued, and we begin drifting apart, we'll make a return to the blue lagoon.\" Emma found herself chuckling under her breath. \"But we wouldn't have to worry about that,\" he continued, \"because I know we'd still make it as a couple if we left this island.\" \"No irreconcilable differences?\" she teased. \"You and I have several 'differences,' Em,\" he acknowledged. \"But to this day, we're still in love.\" \"Why is that?\" Emma folded her arms and smiled. \"How do you love me? Count the ways.\" Dean brushed a hand through her hair. \"First, you're willing to listen when I need someone to talk to. Besides that, you've got this habit of doing and saying things that put me in a good mood.\" He paused, then gave her an affectionate squeeze. \"And you've got these little quirks that I get a kick out of. I noticed that the very first day we got here.\" He smiled while thinking of her charming little tantrums, her humorous habits, and her unwavering support whenever things got serious. Emma beamed in silence. \"I love you because you make me happy,\" he said. Emma reached up and stroked Dean's chin. \"All of the reasons that you love me, sound a lot like the reasons that I love you.\" She looked him over. \"It's been that way between us for quite a while. Do you think we could keep it that way for even longer?\" \"I do,\" Dean said with a confident grin. Emma returned his expression. \"Then I think we have the keys to a lasting love.\"[Chapter 12] \"Love Song\" A wild thunderstorm had swept over the island. Trees swayed quietly beneath the loud gray sky. Emma stood alone within her and Dean's tree house, staring out of the window with a tense expression. She held her gaze on a murky forest, searching the grounds for any sign of Dean. Around 15 minutes into the storm, he rushed out of the woods and charged across the sand. Emma paused in relief, then headed toward the door. After scaling the ladder and coming inside, Dean dropped a pack of food bundled up in a cloth. Emma helped him remove his clothes, then wrapped him up in one of the covers they'd found. She crouched with Dean and held his hands, sitting cross-legged as she smiled at him. Dean grinned back, holding quiet for a moment. A rumble of thunder spread across the sky. Rain fell steadily along the grounds. Emma glanced at the window, then turned back to Dean. A thought entered her mind, and she let herself chuckle. \"What?\" he whispered. She looked aside, brushing a hand through her hair. \"Once upon a time, this was my idea of a romantic day,\" she recalled. \"Back in the city, I used to fantasize about cuddling with someone during a storm, and listening to love songs all afternoon.\" Dean eyed her playfully. \"Any songs in particular? What's your favorite?\" Her gaze drifted upward. \"I've always liked 'I Could Not Ask For More,' by Edwin McCain,\" she revealed. Dean wore a curious frown. \"Is that even a love song?\" A quick memory came to him. \"I mean, I know they played it during that movie…\" He paused while trying to remember the title. \" Message in a Bottle . They played it during the credits, I think.\" Emma flinched in surprise. Her lips rose in a slow smile, and a flutter of excitement filled her heart. For once, it sounded like she and Dean were fond of the same film. \"You saw that?\" \"My parents did. I was just passing through the room.\" He winked at her. \"Sorry to disappoint you.\" She rolled her eyes, nodding a little. \"So why is that song your favorite?\" Emma quieted, then looked down at her lap. Her face grew a bit more sullen as she spoke. \"I like it for different reasons now than I did when I was younger.\" She held her eyes on her twiddling fingers. \"You know what I mean, right? I've got a different perception of it these days.\" Dean looked a little curious again. \"What was your perception before?\" She ran a finger over her chin. \"I'm the kind of girl who used to have everything planned out — my day, my week, my whole future even. When I heard the lyrics in that song, about every prayer being answered, and every dream coming true…I always imagined living my fantasy life.\" Emma paused again. \"So, I used to tell myself that I'd play the song in private one day, when I had a loving husband, a successful career, and everything else that I'd planned on having.\" Dean studied her, then looked away. For a moment, he wondered if Emma was still longing for things that he couldn't give her. \"But like I said, that was my old perception,\" she noted. \"I used to view it as a song about success…\" She reached over and touched Dean's chin. \"But now I view it as a song about satisfaction.\" Dean's face stirred in surprise. \"How come?\" he asked. \"Because it doesn't make me wishful anymore. It just reminds me of how happy I am with where I've ended up.\" Emma smiled while recalling the chorus. \"Our moments do make me grateful to be alive, and I know I'll remember them all my life,\" she affirmed. \"Right now, I really couldn't ask for more, because I'm not longing for anything.\" Dean stroked Emma's hand, then kissed her fingers. \"So what's your favorite?\" She flashed an energetic grin. He winced a little, then found his gaze wandering elsewhere. \"My mom used to listen to this song — 'A House Is Not A Home,' by Luther Vandross. I think he did a cover.\" Emma nodded. \"It always sounded nice and all, but I guess I never really connected with it in those days.\" He turned back to her. \"But after all the time we've spent together…I think I can relate to that song a bit more now. I think I get the essence.\" \"Why?\" she asked, looking a bit playful. Dean chuckled. \"Isn't it obvious, Em? This island didn't feel like a home when we got here. And I know it wouldn't feel that way if I was alone.\" He looked into her eyes. \"But we made it one, because we fell in love.\" She stroked his wrists and held his hands again. \"I think I already knew what your answer would be. I guess I just wanted to hear you say it.\" Emma loved Dean's affectionate side. By now, she simply enjoyed hearing the romantic comments and the comforting words. Dean rolled his shoulders a little. \"So then…\" he said. \"You've got your favorite. I've got mine. Name a tune that we both could enjoy.\" He eyed her teasingly. \"What's a fitting song for our relationship?\" Emma looked off and raised an eyebrow. \"Maybe a song about a high-strung girl who drives a boy nuts.\" Dean shrugged. \"Or a song about a goofy guy who does that to a girl.\" Emma's eyes softened a bit. She lowered her voice and stroked his hands. \"Let's go with a song about two people who began finding their home after they found each other.\" Dean interlocked his fingers with hers. \"Sounds about right to me.\"[Chapter 13] \"Parenthood\" Dean snuggled with Emma on the floor of their tree house, holding her close within the cloud of darkness. \"You okay?\" he whispered. \"I'm fine,\" she replied. Dean had reason to believe otherwise. \"It's just…earlier today, I saw you holding your stomach.\" \"It's nothing,\" she assured him, letting her eyes flutter closed. \"I think it was just something I ate.\" He hesitated, licking his lips. \"You don't think you're pregnant, do you?\" Emma opened her eyes, holding her stare on the wall. She detected a familiar hint of tension within Dean's question. It almost sounded like he wanted the answer to be no . Getting him to talk about parenthood was rather difficult these days. He generally opted to keep his feelings well-hidden. \"I mean, I know that we've had scares before,\" he noted. \"But maybe this time…\" Dean paused, realizing he'd tipped his hand. Without meaning to, he'd just revealed where he stood on the matter. \"Scares?\" Emma asked, lifting an eyebrow. \"Well…what I meant was…\" He fidgeted, feeling quite awkward all of a sudden. Emma made a suspicious smile, letting her gaze rise to the ceiling. \"Are you afraid to become a father?\" Dean looked away and went quiet. Before long, he began searching for something else to discuss. \"A few years ago, you told me that you were okay with having a child.\" She turned to him and touched his chin. \"What's changed?\" He sighed, and his voice shifted into a more somber tone. \"I guess I've had more time to think about all this now.\" Emma's confusion grew a little. \"Don't get me wrong, Em,\" he mumbled. \"It's not like I hate the thought of having a kid with you.\" Dean paused while recalling the worst day of his life. \"I just know how much it'll hurt when our kid loses us someday.\" Emma let her gaze drift elsewhere. She ran a hand along his chest, and spoke in a very soft tone. \"I understand how you feel,\" she said, recalling something she'd been told long ago. \"I think it's important to remember that losing a parent isn't saying goodbye , it's simply a temporary parting of ways. You're going to see them again in the afterlife one day. In the meantime, you go on loving the people who are still with you.\" \"But that's the thing. Our child wouldn't have anyone else…unless they ever got rescued.\" Emma stared out at the stars for a moment. \"Maybe we're looking too far ahead. Let's focus on something more immediate.\" \"Like?\" \"Let's talk about what kind of parent you'd be,\" she said. Dean flinched, then made a small nod. \"All right.\" Emma turned to him with a teasing grin. \"I'd say I know Dean McMullen pretty well by now…but my fascination continues to grow. I've seen the loner. I've seen the lover. Next, I think I'd like to see the father.\" He chuckled. \"Don't be so sure about that.\" \"You've got all the right qualities. You're hard-working, you're playful, and you always try cheering someone up when they're feeling down.\" She eyed him proudly, then nodded a little. \"You really would make a good dad.\" Dean wore a shy smile. \"I'm sure it's not quite as simple as you're making it sound…but thanks.\" His stare became a little more curious. \"What kind of parent do you think you'd make?\" Emma's grin began to shrink a little. After a bit of hesitation, she rolled onto her back and averted her gaze. \"I can't say I'm mommy material. I think I'd be too negative around a child.\" He lifted an eyebrow, clearly surprised. \"I'll have to respectfully and wholeheartedly disagree. I think you'd be a positive presence.\" \"Maybe at first…\" she muttered. \"But sooner or later, I know I'd start telling our kid stories about life in the city, about all the things we could do if we were actually there — and then I'd start longing to leave the island all over again.\" A bit of silence lingered between them. Dean wanted to disagree with Emma's prediction about herself. To his surprise, he found that he couldn't. \"Then I'd get all angry and frustrated every time we failed, just like I used to,\" she mumbled. He shook his head, clearly disagreeing with her assessment this time. \"And then our kid would start to see that darker side of me, the side that I don't like showing.\" She eyed the ceiling placidly. \"And that would lead me to feel like a failure as a mom.\" Dean stared, then moved a little closer to Emma. \"You're selling yourself way too short. It definitely wouldn't play out like that. You can tear yourself down all you want, Em. It won't change the fact that you're the most sensitive, responsible, and loving girl I've ever met.\" He shook his head in adoration. \"If you wouldn't make a great mom, then I don't know who would.\" Emma gradually found herself smiling. Once again, she appreciated Dean's efforts to comfort her. Dean looked to the ceiling himself, and let out a sigh. \"Parenthood,\" he muttered. \"Sounds like quite an experience.\" Emma reached down and held hands with him. \"Do you think it's an experience that we'll ever have?\" Dean let himself grin. \"Maybe someday,\" he answered. \"Hopefully when we're ready.\"[Chapter 14] \"Forever and Ever\" Emma and Dean roamed about in their tree house, removing old ornaments and stringing up new ones. Emma looked over her shoulder, then turned back to her work. \"Do you ever feel bored from day to day?\" Dean winced, then turned around in surprise. \"Do you?\" After a moment's pause, Emma shook her head. \"Not really,\" she said pleasantly. \"I guess a part of me figures that I should be, you know? After all, it's just us here.\" She narrowed her eyes and made a teasing grin. \"And it's not like you and I have any character flaws or layers or anything like that. We're a couple of pretty dull people, aren't we?\" \"The dullest of the dull.\" \"And we're leading a pretty routine life on this island, right?\" \"That we are.\" \"It's the same thing day after day, week after week…year after year.\" Her voice quieted a tad. \"And yet, I find that I'm actually still having fun here.\" Dean smiled, feeling something warm within. \"I still like swimming around the ocean, sledding down the hills, sliding into the pools, and camping out at night.\" Emma quieted as a realization came to her. \"I used to simply accept this place as my home, but I think I've begun to embrace it now.\" Dean studied her with a calm affection. \"When did that happen?\" She giggled, easing back against a wall. \"I'm not even sure.\" A bit of silence lingered between them. Emma licked her lips and looked upward. \"I mean, I love this island…but I still want to leave.\" Dean nodded, speaking softly. \"I think I pretty much feel the same,\" he admitted. He folded his arms, letting his gaze drop to the floor. \"Do you think that'll ever change?\" She squinted, looking a little confused. \"Do you think the day might come when we won't want to leave?\" Dean wondered. \"How long do you figure it would take? 20 years?\" Emma paused to think about it, then shook her head slowly. \"30?\" She glanced away, lifting her hands to her hips. \"We'd both be over 50 years old by then.\" Emma made a brave little smile as that number sank in, knowing she'd actually hit that age someday. She liked her youth, but she wasn't the type of person who was afraid of getting older — and falling in love had only strengthened her courage. But Dean hadn't asked if she was afraid to get old. He'd asked how long it would take for them to shun civilization. \"No,\" she muttered. \"I think we'd still be open to leaving at age 50.\" Dean shrugged. \"How about when we're 60 , then?\" Emma chuckled, closing her eyes. \"70?\" He took her into his arms and began a slow dance. \"I can see it now. We'll hobble up to the shore on our canes and say, 'Ah, screw the outside world. We're home.' \" Emma leaned in closer, watching Dean with a gentle smile. Her voice dropped to just above a whisper. \"I've never loved anyone the way that I love you.\" A rumble of thunder arrived, and a slow downpour followed. Emma looked outside, then turned back to him. \"Come on,\" she said, pulling his shirt over his head. \"What are we doing? Where are we going?\" Once all of their clothes had been removed, Emma and Dean stepped onto the beach and continued their dance in the rain. The pair held hands while swaying back and forth, grinning as they looked each other in the eye. \"Know what, Mr. McMullen?\" Emma beamed. \"Whether we stay on this island, or we manage to leave, I know that there's one thing for sure I can count on.\" \"And what's that?\" \"You and I are going to be together forever and ever.\" The next morning, Emma and Dean walked onto the beach hand in hand. A wave of sunlight welcomed them. Upon looking outward, the pair saw something that they hadn't seen in over five years. They saw a ship, holding still in the distance. Dean and Emma froze in their tracks. The vessel was quite far from where the couple stood — almost as far as they were when they'd first spotted the island. It appeared to be in the area momentarily. The ship looked like it could depart at any moment. Emma and Dean eyed each other in awe, then looked forward again while standing side by side. Both wondered if they could reach it before it left.[Chapter 15] \"Home Sweet Home\" Emma flung her shirt open and slipped it off her shoulders, tightening her hair up in a quick ponytail. Dean pulled upward and bared his chest, his muscles flowing within the sun. With arms outstretched, both dove into the water and pressed toward the vessel. A number of fantasies rushed through Emma's head, things she hadn't dared to dream of for quite some time. For just a moment, she imagined seeing how much her sister had grown, hearing her dad's corny jokes again, and bonding with her mother, woman to woman. Her eyes narrowed, and she sped past Dean, stare locked forward as she flailed about. Dean rushed to keep up while cheering her on. Emma swung her arms with all of her might… And then the last thing happened that they wanted to happen: the ship stirred, and began to move. Both of them tensed, and increased their speed. While Emma pushed herself forward with thoughts of success, her companion was driven by a fear of failure. Dean was the type of person who kept pain bottled up. He remembered his losses more than his wins. He'd missed the game-winning goal in 6th grade soccer. He'd lost a class spelling bee to his biggest rival. He'd failed his driver's test twice with mediocre results. And he knew that if he failed in this chase today, he'd be feeling the pain for a long time to come. Even worse, he knew that Emma would. Digging deep within himself, Dean swam as fast as he was capable of swimming. But the ship moved faster, and began fading from sight. Its distance grew larger. Its size grew smaller. Another minute went by. Another followed after that. The vessel could barely be seen anymore. And after several more minutes of swinging and thrashing, Emma quietly relented, and drew to a stop. She closed her eyes, then opened them up, a look of calm acceptance adorning her face. Her chin bobbed slowly along the surface, strands of hair sticking to the sides of her head. Dean studied Emma in stark confusion, then left her behind while pressing forward. He spent the next few moments chasing after the vehicle, trying to draw attention with his arms and his voice. The vessel gradually faded from sight — but Dean carried on, refusing to concede. His arms became heavy. His lungs became weary. And slowly but surely, his body dragged to a halt. Long, deep breaths flowed out of his mouth — and a wave of frustration overtook his face. He swung his arms down and pounded the water, then paused a moment to stew in silence. Several thoughts came to him as he watched the horizon, but one in particular was standing out: the ship hadn't even come close to the island. It had passed on by as though the island wasn't here. Dean searched for reasons, and arrived at one: for the vessel's crew, this was a meaningless place, an uncharted area where animals lived. And even though Dean didn't want to believe it, he figured that other crews would view it that way as well — assuming another ship even appeared. Five years earlier, a helicopter had departed and was never seen again. There was no sign that things would be different in this case. A hand touched his shoulder, interrupting his thoughts. Emma leaned in close, holding her head against his. \"Come on,\" she whispered. After throwing one last look at the empty horizon, Dean turned and followed her back to the shore. Emma wandered through the woods with curious eyes, searching for signs of her missing companion. She knew Dean's nature pretty well by now. An unannounced absence meant one of two things: he was planning a surprise, or he was upset about something. She had a good idea of what the reason was this time. Upon reaching an opening, Emma came to a stop. Dean was sitting on the ground beside a low tree stump, holding utterly quiet, and utterly still. His arms were crossed atop the smooth brown surface, and his head was sagging as he eyed his hands. Emma squinted a little at the sight before her. Dean seemed so despondent, so incredibly sullen. It was a side of him she used to see in school — the side that wallowed in darkness and shunned all light. She'd slain that dragon several years ago. She didn't mind a little moping when he really needed it, but she couldn't watch him fall into darkness again. Brushing back a strand of her long ponytail, Emma crossed the ground and approached her partner. A number of birds chirped quietly above them. Loose green leaves floated across the air. Dean eyed the stump while letting his head hang low. He kept his gaze down amidst her arrival. Emma sat across from him and propped her head against his, keeping her stare pointed downward as well. Dean smiled a little, but held silent. \"The way I see it, we've got two options here.\" Emma sat up and faced him. \"We can quietly sulk about that ship all day…\" She made a sensitive face while stroking his chin. \"Or we can do what we do, and try talking about it.\" Dean circled a finger along the stump. \"I'm not sulking.\" \"Then why are you so quiet?\" She leaned her head to the side and offered one of her friendliest tones. \"Come on. Let's talk about what happened.\" Dean frowned and shrugged. \"I don't really want to.\" \"Sorry, man…\" She lifted his ring finger. \"You're under an oath to love, honor, and obey me.\" He let out a chuckle, nodding to himself. Emma sat still, waiting patiently. \"Okay,\" he sighed with a hint of pep in his voice. \"Let's talk about the ship.\" She let her hand linger on his. \"I hate seeing you this depressed.\" \"I'm not,\" Dean insisted, settling his stare on a tree. \"I know it seems like I am…but I'm not exactly sad that we're still here.\" Emma squinted. \"Then I repeat: why are you so quiet?\" He faced her with a frown. \"Because a part of me really, really wanted to reach that boat. I know how happy it would've made you if we'd gotten rescued.\" A wave of surprise swept over her face. Dean seemed to think that he'd failed her somehow. Emma found that revelation a little disturbing. She didn't want him saddened on her account. \"It's okay,\" she said, lifting an eyebrow. \"I'm fine. It's not the first time we've failed to leave this place.\" Emma looked away and lowered her voice, feeling surprised by what she said next. \"I think I'm beyond the point of getting angry about it.\" Dean studied her face, recalling the past few years. Every time they failed to get off this island, Emma reacted a little differently, it seemed. Her temper had risen up a hill during the first few failures…then made a descent during the ones that followed. With the SOS signs, she was merely frustrated. With the plane and the helicopter, she'd thrown a fit. When the raft broke apart, she'd been disappointed. And with the ship today, she was perfectly calm. Dean smiled a little. \"I admire how you're handling all of this, Em.\" She lifted her shoulders, and wore a modest expression. \"Maybe another ship will come along someday.\" Dean tried feeling hopeful, but couldn't do so for long. He recalled how long it had taken just for one to appear. \"I don't think it would matter,\" Emma mumbled. \"There's too much distance between them and us. We couldn't even come close to catching that boat.\" Dean looked away. He'd been thinking the same thing, but hadn't wanted to say it. Even though he knew how strong she'd become, he still tried being as sensitive as he could. Emma interlocked her fingers beneath her chin, holding quiet for a full minute as she watched the stump. \"I've never believed in accepting a life that doesn't make you happy. The thing is, this life does make me happy. I've just been slow to embrace it for a couple of reasons. \"One: it's not the kind of happiness that I ever imagined…\" She looked about, simply studying the island. \"And two: all of this happiness has come at a cost.\" Emma thought of their families and the lives they'd left behind. \"I know,\" Dean agreed. And then he recalled something from long ago. \"Someone once told me that happiness tends to involve sacrifice.\" \"But that sacrifice is supposed to be a choice — you're supposed to sacrifice something willingly in order to be happy. That's how it works for people who leave their loved ones in order to chase their dreams. Or shun their dreams to be with the people they love. Or deny themselves rest so they can work toward their goal.\" Emma's face became blank and calm. \"I didn't choose to give up the life I had in the city. It just ended one day, and I had a new one instead.\" Dean didn't know what to say at this point. It was hard to gauge Emma's current mood. Then he noticed her eyeing him, very closely. \"I never made a choice back then, but I would make a choice now.\" Emma lifted her eyebrows, watching him sweetly. \"Earlier today, I asked myself a question: If somehow I was rescued, and you were still here…would I come back to the island to be with you again — even if it meant staying here for good?\" She looked him straight in the eye. \"And the answer was yes, I would.\" Dean quivered. He felt more touched by those words than by anything she'd said in a while. \"Why?\" he asked softly. Emma's gaze softened with more affection. \"Because my life is with you now, Dean, wherever you are.\" Dean wore a shaky smile, trying to hide the tear that was welling up. He licked his lips, took a breath, and ran a hand through Emma's long blonde hair. \"I'd give everything up to be with you too.\" Emma beamed, knowing he meant it. Their rings glistened amidst a wave of sunlight. \"As long as we're coming up with scenarios like that…\" Dean made a sly grin. \"Say we left the island right now. What's the first thing that we'd do together?\" She let her gaze wander off. \"I don't know,\" she sighed. Seconds later, Emma turned back to Dean, speaking just above a whisper. \"Truth be told, I don't really want to fantasize about that sort of thing anymore.\" Dean squinted. \"About what sort of thing?\" \"Going back to the city…back to civilization,\" she muttered. A hint of surprise swept over his face. \"Why not?\" \"Because I don't want to keep longing for something that simply isn't going to happen. If we can't leave by boat, by raft, or by helicopter, then I think the reality of our situation is pretty clear by now.\" Emma paused, summoning her courage. And then, she brought herself to say something she'd never said before. \"We really are going to be on this island for the rest of our lives.\" Dean opened his mouth, holding his stare on her. He searched his mind for a proper response. Emma held quiet, looking back. After a long moment of silence and consideration, Dean realized that there was only one thing he could say. \"I love you.\" Emma took his hand, then nodded slowly. \"I love you too.\" Dean and Emma sprawled out on a hilltop, laying side by side in a huge green valley. Part of her hair was pulled back in a clip, the rest of it hanging down her shoulders. It was the same look that she'd sported on a day long ago, when they'd stood by the ocean, shouting out for help. She stroked her brow while thinking back on that moment. \"You look pretty,\" Dean said with a playful stare. \"Seriously. You always look so beautiful with your hair like that.\" Emma wore a smug face, as though she was offended. \"Only with my hair like this?\" Dean flinched. \"No. You're beautiful no matter what you…\" He paused, then flashed a knowing grin. \"You like doing that, don't you? You like making me say things that you want to hear.\" She giggled, holding Dean's hand as she looked upward. Dean thought back to their earlier discussion. \"You're one of the most introspective, sympathetic people I've ever met.\" Emma lifted her eyebrows and smiled. \"Flattery will get you everywhere, Mr. McMullen.\" \"Good to know. But I mean it. You're pretty in-touch with your own feelings — and you're always sensitive to mine as well.\" He squeezed her hand as a more distant memory came to him. \"Even in school…I always knew you were a bit different than the people you hung out with.\" Emma let her thoughts drift back to those days. \"My friends used to say that if all of our lives were a play, I'd be the lead — because I was the girl who never quite fit in.\" \"And that's true,\" he said, swinging her hand a little. \"You'd be the heroine all right.\" She wore a shy face, shaking her head in denial. \"What makes you think you wouldn't be?\" \"I don't know.\" Emma stared up at the drifting clouds, feeling a strand of hair flutter over her face. \"All I know is that when you're the heroine of a piece, your life is all about loss, growth, and love.\" She began recalling her many experiences over the past few years. Her lips parted slowly as the thoughts came to her. \"I rest my case,\" Dean said. She chuckled again, waving the statement off. \"A heroine is someone who helps people.\" \"And what do you think you've done for me ever since we met?\" Dean pulled her closer. \"You're my heroine, Em.\" She nuzzled her nose against his, and hugged him back. While growing up, Dean had always imagined that he'd meet someone. However, he'd never envisioned meeting such a strong, quirky, and sensitive woman who would bond with him in ways that no one else could. \"You're more than my heroine,\" Dean whispered. \"You're the closest friend I've ever had.\" Emma's lips quivered, and her cheeks grew red. She cupped Dean's face, then stroked his curls. \"I can say the same thing about you, Mr. McMullen.\" The two eyed one another with calm affection, then shifted their stares into playful grins. Both felt grateful to have found the other. They let their gazes drift to the sky, laying quietly together in the ocean of green.[Chapter 16] \"Pampering Emma\" Dean swam behind Emma and pulled her close, washing her hair with long, slow strokes. He paused while placing a hand on her shoulder. Stress was lurking beneath her skin. After rubbing the spot for a couple of seconds, he suddenly arrived at a better idea. Dean drew her hair to one side of her head, pulling it aside like a thick blonde curtain. He placed soft kisses along her neck, then moved his lips to the flesh below. Emma closed her eyes and opened her mouth, taking a number of deep breaths as her body relaxed. They remained where they were for most of the morning, then left the water and pulled their bathing suits on. After following Dean to the sunlit beach, Emma picked a spot and sprawled out on her side. Dean stepped forth with a huge green leaf, fanning her as she chuckled with glee. Once her hair had dried a bit, she pinned part of it back in Dean's favorite style, then rested her head on a pillow of vines. She beamed as Dean began feeding her fruit, laying perfectly still as it reached her mouth. She ate in the spot for around 10 minutes, licking her lips while blushing a bit. After the feeding session was done, he turned her over and began rubbing her calves. Dean circled his thumbs on the backs of her knees, then dragged his palms along Emma's thighs. After running his hands across her legs for a while, Dean slipped the bikini off of her bottom. He spent a good deal of time on Emma's bare tush, molding it as though he was working with clay. Emma smiled while resting her head, fully submitting to her partner's touch. She loved letting Dean have his way with her. There was something about it that was thrilling and fun. Dean placed a soft slap on Emma's bottom, then ran his palms along her shoulders and back. Once the massage had reached its end, he carried her over to the nearby shore. Emma's eyes lit up as she saw the surprise. Dean had constructed a miniature raft, built in the shape of a small pool float. Soft green leaves were blanketing the wood, which was just long enough to hold Emma's body. The two drifted a short distance into the wide blue ocean, Emma laying on her back as Dean bobbed beside her. Emma was surprised by how pleasant this was. It felt nice and relaxing to float across the water. She looked upward while Dean rubbed her soles and toes, flattening her legs to accommodate him. Back when they'd first gotten stranded here, Emma had found herself wondering something: What had she ever done to deserve a life like this? Right now, she was asking the exact same question — but her reasons for doing so were different than before. A giddy thrill stirred her spine as Dean's rubbing continued. She smiled while letting her eyes flutter closed. Before long, Dean had begun staring up at her. \"Do you know how you look right now?\" he murmured. \"Beautiful,\" Emma said. \"There you go.\" He snapped his fingers. \"Got it on the first answer this time.\" Emma's lips rose in an affectionate grin. She recalled some of her earliest memories of Dean. He'd been complimenting her since their days as students — even if he hadn't entirely known it back then. Though she'd heard his flattery several times before, she always appreciated the sweet things he said. And moments like this made his words even nicer. During some of their previous pampering sessions, she'd fantasized about being back in the city. None of that was happening right now, however. Her mind remained firmly fixed in the present. As Dean pushed the float into a slow little twirl, Emma gazed up and watched the clouds spin about. Amidst the ride, she let her hands linger beneath the water. Emma snuggled with Dean underneath their cover, her naked flesh rubbing against his own. She looked outside at the starry night, then sighed while feeling Dean's chest on her back. She loved nuzzling his muscles against her skin, his firm limbs wrapping all around her body. \"Tell me that you love me,\" she said quietly. Dean stroked her arms. \"I love you, Emma,\" he whispered. His words infused her with a happy thrill. It was her absolute favorite thing to hear. \"Again,\" she muttered, closing her eyes. \"Just keep telling me.\" Dean began repeating himself, leaving slow pauses between each statement. Emma held still in Dean's embrace, swooning with every declaration of love.[Chapter 17] \"It's Just You And Me Now\" Dean and Emma sat side by side, resting by the shore as they watched the waves. Emma noticed that Dean was rather quiet today; he wasn't quite acting like he normally would. She'd spent the afternoon waiting for a number of things — a humorous comment, a playful embrace, a shower of kisses as he pinned her to the ground. She knew she could have those upon request, but she wanted to know what was bothering him first. She never let herself play when there was work to be done. \"You all right?\" she quietly asked. Dean responded with a slow little nod. \"Just thinking about my mom,\" he said. Emma eyed him a moment, then leaned her shoulder on his. Dean paused to remember his father as well. Jack had gotten so depressed after the car accident. He hardly spoke. He had trouble at work. He even appeared suicidal at times, and Dean worried that he was going to lose him too. After holding quiet for about a minute, he turned to Emma with a tender stare. While gazing into her familiar eyes, he felt the need to say something that he'd said before. \"I don't know what I'd do if anything happened to you.\" He shook his head slowly. \"I honestly don't know if I could go on.\" Emma frowned. \"Don't say that.\" \"It's true,\" he muttered, looking out at the water. \"If something happened to me, I'd hate the thought of leaving you alone too.\" Emma opened her mouth, but found no words. She'd known that they'd address this topic one day, but she wasn't prepared to address it now. After letting a bit of silence linger, she took a deep breath, then willed herself to continue. \"If I died…I'd want you to keep living.\" He turned his head, and spoke very softly. \"Why?\" \"Because there's always hope, Dean. Let's say that somehow, someway, you managed to get rescued. I'd want you to tell my family about our time here. I'd want them to know that they stayed in my heart.\" She stroked his chin. \"And I'd want them to know that I loved you.\" Dean brushed one of her hairs aside, eyeing Emma with a loving stare. \"If it was me who died, I'd definitely want you to live on too. I'd want you to have a chance at happiness.\" Emma frowned again, then turned away. She found this subject quite unsettling. \"I don't want either of us to face anything like that.\" She couldn't imagine living alone in this place, suffering through years of loneliness and heartbreak. She wouldn't want Dean to endure that either. He rubbed her arm, then made a playful look. \"Sounds like we need to keep each other safe then.\" Emma chuckled, turning back to him. \"Guess so.\" Dean fell quiet as Emma smiled, taking a moment to admire her grin. He ran his eyes all along her face, enjoying his favorite sight in the world. Emma felt like she was going to blush. She liked these moments when he stopped and stared. He'd been doing it well before their very first kiss — and Emma had secretly enjoyed it then. After all, the admiration was mutual. \"I've been thinking about those days when we met,\" she announced. \"At some point back then, you had a crush on me, and I had a crush on you. But lately I've been wondering something: Which of us developed our crush first?\" Dean laughed. \"Interesting topic,\" he noted. \"So who do you think it was?\" \"You.\" He flinched in surprise, looking half appalled. \"You could've hesitated just a little.\" Emma giggled. \"Seriously. I notice this strange lack of any doubt in your voice.\" She shrugged while glancing toward the sky. \"I used the Crush Quiz.\" \"What's the Crush Quiz?\" \"You never heard of it?\" \"Can't say that I have.\" Her voice shifted into a skeptical tone. \"Apparently, it's supposed to help people figure out if someone has a crush on them. Since we're already together, I applied it to our past.\" Dean looked a little curious. \"What exactly does this quiz cover?\" Emma stirred in excitement, and lifted her chin. \"Question 1: Do you ever see him staring at you?\" Dean thought back to their time as students. \"The answer would be 'no.' I mean, I stared sometimes, but you never saw me.\" He winked. \"Actually, I did.\" Dean's jaw dropped, and his cheeks grew red. He folded his arms and lifted an eyebrow. \"When?\" Emma snickered under her breath. \"You're totally freaking out about this, aren't you?\" After a bit of silence, she recalled one of the more memorable occasions. \"Back when we were on the trip, I went for a swim in the pool one day…\" Dean gazed off as the memory came to him. \"I looked up at a balcony, and saw you staring down at me.\" Emma couldn't help but grin. \"I remember being kind of touched at the time. This cute guy who always kept to himself…ignoring all the other girls and looking my way. Again.\" Dean slowly nodded, acknowledging what she'd said. \"So what's the second part of this quiz?\" Emma rolled her shoulders, feeling a bit playful. \"Question 2: Does he ever act weird when you're around other guys?\" Dean again thought back to their days in school. \"That would definitely be a 'no.' \" \"Not quite,\" she said, shaking a finger. He winced with a smile. \"When did I ever act jealous of other guys?\" \"Remember Stephen?\" \"What about him?\" Emma made a sly little face. \"I don't know if it was jealousy, but you did get a little weird that night on the boat, when you asked if I was dating him.\" \"Oh, please…\" Emma laughed again. \"Nice try,\" he said, wrapping an arm around her. \"But that wasn't jealousy. That was just…just…\" She bobbed in his grasp. \"Go on. Just what?\" \"Never mind,\" Dean said, suppressing a chuckle. Emma made a triumphant grin, then returned her thoughts to the quiz. \"Question 3: Does he show any sign that he cares for you?\" Dean licked his lips, looking a bit more serious. Emma took one of his hands in hers. \"I think I got the answer to that one when I fell off the boat.\" Dean nodded, eyeing her warmly. \"Question 4: Does he show any signs of affection?\" Dean looked off and shrugged. \"I never showed much of that,\" he noted. \"Not until the day after we became a couple, when we had that little dance in the rain.\" She watched him teasingly. \"What about our first kiss? That seemed like a sign of affection to me.\" He chuckled again, offering no objection. Emma leaned in and nuzzled her nose against his. \"So I think that settles it, Mr. McMullen. You were crushing on me first.\" She gave him a quick kiss. \"It's not settled just yet,\" Dean said, refusing to concede. \"First of all, I used to see you staring at me sometimes too, like that day in the cafeteria, before the trip.\" Emma looked amused and surprised. \"Thought I didn't notice? Well, I did. Secondly, you've always shown signs of caring as well. You used to ask me about the sunset, and why I got all sentimental about it.\" Even in those days, Dean had picked up on how sensitive she was. More than once, he'd been tempted to bond with her over some personal things. He'd just held off on doing so for a while. Emma smiled at the sand while thinking back to that period. \"So I'm not the only one with high scores on this quiz,\" Dean said. \"The fact is, you did your share of staring, and you did your share of caring.\" She nodded to herself, acknowledging his words. \"And as far as affection goes….\" Dean flashed a confident grin. \"You demonstrated that during our very first kiss.\" Emma looked playfully smug. \"Come again? You kissed me .\" \"Right. I kissed you — which led to you pushing me away and storming off in a huff.\" Dean snapped his fingers. \"Oh, wait. That never happened.\" She giggled, leaning against him as she watched the waves. Dean quietly returned her affection. \"I guess we began crushing on each other around the same time, huh?\" Emma recalled how aloof Dean was during their days in school. \"Maybe those crushes were born for different reasons,\" she noted. \"I think that a part of you wanted to bond with someone again.\" \"I didn't want to bond with just anyone, Em. I wanted to bond with you.\" Dean had always sensed that there was something about her. Emma smiled. \"Well, the good news is, we've got a lot of bonding to do.\" She took his hand in hers. \"It's just you and me now.\"[Chapter 18] \"Fate\" Emma rose from the sand on wobbly legs, rubbing her stomach as she steadied herself. Her baby bump was taking its toll. Two years had gone by since the ship had appeared — seven years had passed since she'd arrived on the island — though neither she or Dean were aware of this. The bump flowed with life every time she breathed, nestled between the pieces of her blue bikini. Her arms hung limply around the mound, and her long hair rested upon her shoulders. She eyed her stomach with a pouty little stare, feeling like a turtle as she tried to move. With soft moans and labored steps, she pulled herself over to the nearby ocean, the wet sand covering her swollen feet. After a bout of dizziness had come and gone, she found a nice spot and sat by the shore. Moments after she'd taken her place, someone approached and eased down beside her. Emma turned to her left, and saw the face of her mother. Barbara was watching her with a very proud smile. Emma hesitated, eyes stirring in surprise. \"Mom?\" she muttered skeptically. Barbara nodded, inching closer. She looked her mother up and down. \"This can't be real. I'm dreaming, right?\" Barbara tittered. \"What makes you say that?\" Emma's confusion grew a little. \"You're here,\" she murmured. \"Yes. I am.\" Barbara turned and faced the waves. \"But maybe you're awake, and you're just imagining me.\" Emma looked aside while pondering that. She'd hallucinated on this island before. Barbara marveled at her daughter's stomach. \"I'm so proud of you, Em. You know that I always wanted you to become a mother someday.\" Emma fell quiet, shying away from the discussion. \"You're nervous about the pregnancy, aren't you?\" Barbara noted. \"Considering that, I guess it's a question of whether you want this to be a dream…or if you want it to be real.\" Emma watched the water, then lowered her gaze. She took a long, hard stare at her baby bump. After a good deal of silence and contemplation, she let out a sigh, and closed her eyes. \"I guess a part of me wants all of this to be a dream,\" she admitted. \"I'm not ready to be a mother. Not yet.\" Barbara smiled. \"I said the same thing when I was pregnant. I had all these questions about whether the timing was right, and whether I'd do a good job.\" She looked up at Emma's face. \"Then, around five minutes after you were born, all of that anxiety just faded away. I knew that your father and I were meant to have you. Sometimes having a baby is just a matter of fate.\" Emma stroked her brow. \"It just feels like this is happening sooner than it should.\" She made a weak little smile. \"Instead of having a kid, I think I want to be one again.\" \"You can't be Emma the girl anymore. Emma the woman is needed now.\" Emma glanced at her, looking a little suspicious. \"It seems like you want this more than I do. I- -\" Another voice called out, interrupting her words. \"Emma?\" She turned around and saw Dean approaching. His shorts were tucked on beneath his broad bare chest. \"Who are you talking to?\" he asked. Emma turned to her left. Her mother was gone. She squinted in confusion, then rose to her feet. Dean stared. \"Are you feeling all right?\" Emma touched her head. \"I think so.\" She raised her hand to block the sun, recalling the things it had done to her mind in the desert. \"Maybe you've been out here too long,\" Dean said. Emma remembered her admission during the talk with her mother. She looked back at Dean, then let out a sigh. It was time to tell him what she'd told Barbara. \"Dean…\" she said, looking down at her bump. He drew to a stop and placed his hands on his hips. \"I don't know if I'm ready to be a mom right now.\" Dean flinched a little, lifting an eyebrow. A few seconds later, he flashed a curious grin. \"Isn't it a bit too late to say that at this point?\" Emma looked around with a curious gaze. Something about the situation still felt odd and surreal. \"Maybe not,\" she mumbled. \"I'm not sure any of this is actually happening. I don't think it's reality.\" Dean looked confused. \"Are you certain you're feeling okay?\" \"I…\" Emma's vision blurred, and her legs began to shake. \"I…\" Dean took a step forward. \"Em?\" She dropped to one knee, eyes cast on the ground. Dean sprinted over and helped her up, then eased her down on a mat of leaves. \"Lay on your back.\" His voice became a mixture of excitement and worry. \"I think the baby's coming.\" Emma took a deep breath, holding her stare on Dean. As he slipped the bikini off of her tush, she reached a level of nervousness she'd never felt in her life. For the first several minutes, she tried calming herself. As the process wore on, her tension shot through the sky. Beads of sweat ran down her face. Long screams escaped her mouth. Her stomach moved in ways it never had before. The sun had been out when the birth had begun. It was hiding behind the clouds at present. Emma screamed amidst a slew of quick pants. \"I can't do this!\" she wailed. \"Dean! I can't do this!\" \"Yes you can,\" he called, crouching down at her feet. Dean shook his head with a nervous chuckle. \"Em, you are the single strongest woman I've ever met in my life. There is no way on Earth that you cannot do this.\" Emma took a deep breath, then whimpered a little. She thought of her parents, and her sister as well, feeling their strength reaching out to her. She shut her eyes, suppressing tears… And then her mother's voice began flowing through her mind. You're resisting this, Emma. Just like you resisted the life you have now. Emma opened her eyes in surprise. You don't have to be afraid of this. You have so many qualities that a parent should have. You're nurturing, loving, thoughtful, and strong. Emma relaxed a little, listening to what she heard. It's time to become what you're meant to be. A hint of uncertainty crossed Emma's face. It's time to become a mother, Emma. Silence lingered over the beach for a moment. Emma tightened her muscles and took another deep breath. She gathered her courage, then looked down at Dean, alerting him to prepare himself. Dean nodded, shaking where he sat. \"I love you,\" she moaned. His face softened, and he rubbed her shins. \"I love you too.\" After a moment of pause, Dean extended his hands between Emma's legs, readying himself for fatherhood. Emma threw her head back, then spread her arms, wrapping her fists around clumps of sand. She gritted her teeth and summoned all of her might. A curtain of red spread over her face. A wail of pain flowed out of her lungs. And after several more minutes of screaming and pushing, Dean and Emma could hear another person's voice among theirs. An infant's cry had arrived on the island. Emma felt something leaving her body, slipping through the wetness between her legs. She looked to the sky as her eyes went wide. Nothing she'd ever felt could compare to this moment. She was giving birth. She was giving life. And in those seconds, something died as well. Emma knew that her last bit of adolescence was gone for good. She couldn't be Emma the girl anymore. She'd reached a point of womanhood from which there was no return. Dean eyed the baby with an awestruck stare, pulling the child into his grasp. As Emma looked on in sheer amazement, a series of visions flashed through her mind. For one brief moment, Emma saw herself at various points of her life: the little girl in overalls who cheered people up, the teen who others called sensitive beyond her years, and the young woman who'd become a trusted lover and friend. It appeared that the grandest chapter of all might be starting now. She glanced up as something caught her eye. Her mother was hovering just over the scene. A proud Barbara smiled down on her daughter, making a little nod of satisfaction. Moments later, she disappeared. Emma looked back down, exhaling deeply — and then everything around her faded in black. She awakened slowly, finding Dean at her side. \"What's going on?\" she murmured, wiping the sleep from her eyes. \"What do you mean?\" he asked, stroking her hair. Emma looked herself over as reality sank in, then brushed a hand across her face. \"I was dreaming,\" she whispered. It was clear that the pregnancy and apparition were all in her mind. \"Dreaming about what?\" Emma went quiet while watching him. Her eyes began gleaming with a soft affection, and she pulled Dean into a long embrace. He paused in surprise, then hugged her back. Dean sat beside Emma as they watched the waves, a ritual of theirs for seven years now. \"You want to talk about it?\" he said, wrapping an arm around her. Emma shut her eyes, then opened them slowly. \"During the birth, I could hear my mom's voice whispering to me, saying that it was time to become a mother.\" Emma squinted a little. \"I'm probably around the same age that she was when she had me. I think that's why I dreamed about giving birth — because I can sense that it's what my mom would want for me right now.\" He leaned his head toward hers, and gave Emma a little squeeze. \"What do you want?\" Emma stared out at the dancing waters. \"I don't know,\" she admitted. She looked down at the sand and shook her head. \"I know I've been open to motherhood before, but right now I feel like I'm not ready to be a mom. I don't know why. I guess I just go back and forth on some things.\" Dean nodded in agreement, brushing his hand on her back. He felt rather indecisive about the subject himself. He still didn't know if he was ready to be a father. \"I've spent so long wondering what we'd do if you ever got pregnant.\" His voice lowered a bit. \"I'm half-surprised that it hasn't happened yet,\" he noted. Emma remembered what her mother had said. \"Sometimes having a baby is a matter of fate.\" She paused while pondering something else. \"Maybe the same goes for not having one.\" Dean wasn't sure how to respond. He reached out and took her hand. \"I don't know what our fate is when it comes to parenthood.\" Emma smiled. \"But if we ever do have a baby, I think it'll happen when it's supposed to happen.\"[Chapter 19] \"Love Story\" Emma awakened beside Dean on a starlit night, both laying nude amidst the soft white sand. She nuzzled a bit closer and let her eyes flutter closed, hearing the distant waves that surrounded their home. \"Dean,\" she whispered, stroking his chest. He murmured in response, arms sprawled at his sides. \"Come on,\" she said. \"Let's go up to the tree house.\" Dean opened his eyes, then rubbed them a bit. Moments later, the pair rose from the ground. Emma placed a slap on Dean's bare bottom, gripping it for a moment as they walked together. Dean made another sleepy murmur, then turned toward Emma and swooped her off of her feet. Emma let out an excited giggle, wrapping her legs around his waist. Dean laid her out on the sand again, licking her over from head to toe. He got a surprise as Emma mounted him, feeling her lips sweep across his torso. Upon turning her over once again, he squeezed her thigh as they shared a kiss. Emma felt her breasts growing firm and tight, longing for attention from her lover's mouth. She guided Dean's face right in front of her chest, pausing to enjoy the anticipation. Seconds later, her wait came to an end. Emma licked her lips while smiling up at the stars, feeling her body begin to fidget. Thick rays of sunlight glided over the tree house. A number of warm breezes drifted into the home. Emma pulled her hair into a long ponytail, walking about on a carpet of leaves. She eased down onto a small brown bench, looking a bit restless as she watched the floor. Dean arrived home with a pack on his shoulder. He paused at the door upon spotting her. \"Everything all right?\" Emma nodded while glancing up, hesitating a moment before she spoke. \"Earlier today, for just a few seconds, I actually thought I heard a helicopter.\" Dean flinched in surprise, setting the pack down slowly. \"It was probably nothing, though,\" she continued. \"Could've just been something that sounded like one.\" His eyes narrowed in slow suspicion. \"I thought I heard one too.\" Emma winced a little, lifting an eyebrow. \"But I kind of figured it was nothing as well.\" Dean rubbed his hair, looking a little unsure. After a bit of silence, he let himself chuckle. \"What is it?\" Emma asked. \"Just thinking…what if there really was a helicopter out there coming to rescue us?\" He sat down and wrapped an arm around her. \"Once we got off this island, how do you think people would react to our love story?\" Emma threw an amused grin at the wall. \"What do you think would happen?\" Dean shrugged. \"I figure that someone would make a film adaptation. Maybe they'd shoot it in Hawaii, or someplace like that.\" Emma mulled it over, then shook her head. \"I think they'd shoot the film here. They'd want it to be as accurate as possible, right?\" \"Good point.\" She smiled as her thoughts began to blossom. \"So what do you imagine we'd do with the royalties?\" Dean touched his temple, then came up with something. \"Maybe we'd move to another island someday — but we'd need to have a boat standing by at all times.\" Emma let out a giggle. \"Seriously,\" Dean sighed. \"Sometimes I really wonder how people would react to our tale.\" He stroked her face, lowering his tone a little. \"Right now, I wish that everyone in our lives could know how much I love you.\" She snuggled closer to him. \"I'm glad that I know it, Dean,\" Emma affirmed. \"And you know that I feel the same for you.\" Her lips pulled into a warm smile. \"This is the sweetest love story I could ever ask for.\"[Chapter 20] \"Resolution\" — Part One Emma propped a hand against the bark of a tree, the other one gripping her restless stomach. Her weary eyes drifted up to the sky, and she felt a bit dizzy as she winced at the sun. She'd been down this road a few times before. It appeared that she was ailing from one of two things: either she'd gotten a little ill from something she'd eaten, or she was on the verge of becoming a mother. She tried pinching herself, but she wasn't dreaming. Pregnant or not, this was happening for real. Emma wasn't sure just how to react. A real baby meant real concerns. What if a problem arose in the midst of the birth? And what would she and Dean do when their child got sick? They'd talked about having a baby before, but they'd mainly discussed the emotional matters. They had overlooked some of the physical issues. There were so many realities that they had to consider, so many things that they'd never addressed. Though she hadn't had these discussions with Dean just yet, she had a pretty good idea of what he would say. He'd tell her that everything was going to be perfectly fine — that their child would be surrounded with care and love. Emma knew, of course, that this was very much true. Any child of theirs would be loved and adored, and would come to love them just as much in return. As that little fantasy began sinking in, Emma felt a flutter of excitement that she couldn't explain. She felt a strange new warmth brewing within her heart. Her fear was still there…but her joy was stronger. Barbara had always told her that she'd make a good mother, and Dean had often stated the very same thing. The person who'd doubted it was Emma herself, but now her feelings were beginning to change. She didn't really know what was going on, but she was starting to become a believer now. She looked down at her stomach, and made a shy little chuckle, then let her eyes wander as she started to blush. After spending about an hour alone, Emma left the forest and stepped out to the beach. Dean was crouching by a freshly made fire. He turned and watched her with curious eyes. She had that look about her again, a rare one that appeared when she was hiding something. \"You feeling all right?\" he asked. Emma flinched — then quickly nodded. \"Of course,\" she said, exaggerating a smile. \"Why wouldn't I be?\" She still didn't know if she was actually pregnant, so she'd opted to keep things quiet for now. Dean studied her, then turned back to the blaze. He figured she'd tell him what was up when the time was right. Emma glanced out at the fading sun. As an orange hue began sweeping over the beach, she thought back to their very first night on this island. \" Aren't you?\" Dean asked. \" No,\" Emma said, narrowing her eyes with a suspicious smile. \" You seem like you should be — perfect girl, perfect world.\" She paused a second, then shook her head. \"I can't tell if you're being mean or nice.\" Emma giggled to herself. She reached down and stroked Dean's hair, letting her eyes linger on her stomach for a moment. \"Dinner should be ready pretty soon,\" he said. \"I'm not too hungry. Already ate.\" A playful grin swept over her face. \"But since I'm not particularly busy right now, why don't I help you make your meal?\" He lifted an eyebrow, then let out a chuckle. \"Why?\" Emma crouched beside him. \"It's been a while since we've done this,\" she noted. Dean's confusion grew. \"We cook together all the time.\" \"But we hardly ever do it side by side — like we're on one of those cooking shows, or whatever.\" She brushed her shoulder against his. \"I want to have a fun moment. A married moment.\" Dean snickered under his breath. \"A married moment.\" He turned back to the fire. \"Define that for me.\" Emma beamed. \"It's when people do something together simply because they're married — something that either of them could easily do alone. Them doing it together is kind of strange. It's completely unnecessary…which makes it completely adorable.\" She placed a slow, loving kiss on his cheek. Dean grinned, shaking his head a little. \"I guess Cooking With Dean and Emma is officially on the air.\" Several nights later, Emma left the tree house to sleep on the sand. She'd simply told Dean that she needed some air — but he sensed that she wanted some time alone. She'd been quiet all day, but he wasn't sure why. Emma cuddled up while laying still on her side, watching her stomach with a placid stare. As she drifted off into a long, deep sleep, her latest dream took her to a pitch-black place. She saw absolutely nothing, except for herself. Emma looked about with startled eyes, wading slowly throughout the dark. Within seconds, she heard someone behind her. Emma paused a moment, then turned around. She had a good idea of who she'd find. Barbara studied Emma affectionately, reaching out to stroke her face. Emma smiled back, then let her gaze drift downward. \"Let's talk about what's bothering you,\" Barbara said. Emma held her elbows, still facing the ground. \"Nothing's bothering me,\" she murmured. \"I'm fine.\" \"That's not true.\" Barbara grinned a tad. \"If you were fine, I wouldn't be here.\" Emma glanced up, then looked away again. She knew that her mother had a valid point. Whenever Emma was being haunted by certain emotions, it seemed that Barbara arrived at some point or another. A burst of white light suddenly appeared behind Barbara, and a glowing portal hovered about in the dark. Emma looked on in awe and surprise. \"I want you to come with me, Em,\" Barbara said while extending her hand. Emma nervously eyed the portal. \"I don't understand. Where are we going?\" \"You're going on a journey into motherhood.\" The younger woman stared, wondering what that meant. \"A journey?\" \"You're going to start at the beginning, then skip forward a bit, moving from one phase of motherhood to another,\" Barbara explained. \"At some point, you might even forget that you're having a dream…but you'll remember, when the time is right.\" Emma squinted at the glow, lingering where she stood. \"But why?\" she asked. \"Why am I going on this journey?\" Barbara watched her calmly. \"In your heart, I think that you know the answer,\" she said. \"You definitely should by the time this is over.\" Emma hesitated, pondering that. Then she took a step forward, and held Barbara's hand. The two of them walked into the cloud of light, becoming twin silhouettes amidst a quick white flash. Emma emerged from the portal alone. Dean was standing on the beach before her. She winced a little, then looked down at her stomach. Her huge baby bump had returned. \"Are you certain you're feeling okay?\" Dean asked. As that particular question sank in, Emma began to get a sense of deja vu. \"Huh?\" she muttered. \"You just said, 'I'm not sure any of this is actually happening. I don't think it's reality.' \" Dean looked her over, then let out a chuckle. \"What does that mean?\" \"I…\" Emma's vision blurred, and her legs began to shake. \"I…\" Dean took a step forward. \"Em?\" She dropped to one knee, eyes cast on the ground. Dean sprinted over and helped her up, then eased her down on a mat of leaves. \"Lay on your back.\" His voice became a mixture of excitement and worry. \"I think the baby's coming.\" Emma's eyes widened as her back touched the mat. Within seconds, she realized that this dream was playing out just like the other one. After a moment of pause, she closed her fists and prepared herself. Everything was much as it was before — except that Emma was a little braver this time. She endured the anguish, and endured the stress, meeting both with calm resolve. Emma stifled screams, and suppressed cries, watching the sky with a shaky stare. Sweat ran down her reddened face. Tears escaped her brave blue eyes. She sensed that the birth was nearing its end. \"You're doing good, Em,\" Dean called, trembling by her legs. \"Keep going. I think we're almost there.\" Emma took a deep breath, and tightened her muscles, readying herself for one big push. As her stomach moved and her body shook, Emma closed her eyes and summoned all of her strength. Her belly shifted one last time, and she let out a little wail in response. Moments later, something caught her attention. Emma heard a new voice alongside Dean's. The cry of an infant had arrived on the island. \"Emma!\" Dean bellowed, pulling the child into his arms. His voice broke into tearful laughter. \"We're parents. We have a baby girl.\" Emma fidgeted where she lay. A series of breaths flowed out of her mouth, and beads of sweat trickled across her face. She turned her gaze downward, and eyed her daughter in awe. \"She's amazing,\" Dean said. He looked up at Emma. \"Just like her mother.\" As a slew of tears rolled down her cheeks, Emma released a little chuckle of joy. Then she let out another, and began to cry. My name is Emmaline Isabelle McMullen. If you're reading this note, chances are you've found it many years after it was written. Hope I didn't make it too tricky to spot. As I sit here now, staring out at the island, I honestly feel like the luckiest person alive. However, that wasn't always the case. I came to this island by accident one day. I tried to leave, but I constantly failed. I whined a lot, and sulked as well. I thought I'd been completely robbed of my life — but I couldn't have been more wrong about that. Since coming here, I've become a woman, I've become a wife, and earlier today, I became a mother. Each experience is a journey itself. There's more to being a woman than simply growing up. It's about coping with changes as well as you're able, doing several things that need to be done, and becoming a stronger version of who you were before. Likewise, there's more to being a wife than simply falling in love. It's about knowing that the person you love isn't perfect, having them know the same thing about you, and being there for each other when it really matters. I don't know much about motherhood yet, but believe me when I tell you that I'm eager to learn. It's likely that you and I have never met each other, which means that I don't know how you came to be on this island. However, if you're stranded in this place, as I once was, perhaps I can offer a few words of wisdom: there's a difference between spending your life here, and living your life here. Choose the latter. Choose to live. Love, Emma Emma paced along the sand while holding her daughter, who was bundled up in a thin white cloth. Emma's face was more peaceful than ever. Her eyes were calm, and her smile was soft. She wore this expression from day to day, walking about in a trance of love. She'd noticed a lot of changes over the past few days, especially while carrying Lilli around. Things that were trivial became notable again — the glow of the stars, the warmth of the breeze, the crashing of the waves against the shore. For reasons Emma couldn't entirely explain, she talked to her daughter about everything. \"Look up there,\" Emma murmured sweetly. \"How many stars do you see? One. Two. Three…\" Emma rested on the sand with Lilli in her arms. Dean stood beside them, looking up at the birds. \"See the way they move like that, Lilli?\" Dean asked. \"Do you know what birds are doing when they flap their wings?\" Lilli opened her mouth in a tiny little O. She held quiet while staring upward. \"Guess I'll take that as a 'no.' \" Dean made a teasing smile, then looked to Emma. \"Why don't we ask Mommy what it is that they're doing?\" Emma turned to Lilli and spoke soothingly. \"They're flying,\" she hummed. \"Yes. Flying.\" Dean hopped up on a tree stump. \"I've got an idea. Why don't we see if Daddy can fly?\" Dean swung his arms and leapt from the stump. He tumbled to the ground, exaggerating his fall. After rolling around on the sand a bit, he flashed a grin and turned back to Lilli. \"We have our answer. Daddy can't fly.\" A bright smile spread across Lilli's face, and she let loose with a series of laughs. Emma looked down at the baby again. \"Daddy's a funny guy, isn't he?\" She lifted her eyebrows and shook her head. \"He can be a little strange sometimes, but we love him anyway, right?\" Emma nodded at Lilli, who nodded back. Then she raised the girl's hand and gave her daughter a high five. Dean paced along the beach with Lilli in his arms. \"You know what, Lil? I haven't had dinner yet. I think I should gobble up your cheeks.\" Lilli held her mouth closed, locking her curious eyes on Dean. \"What do you think? Hmm? Do you think I should gobble up your cheeks?\" Lilli shook her head. \"Okay,\" he said, breaking into a chuckle. Later that night, Dean sat beside Emma as they watched Lilli sleep. He cast a glance at the ocean, looking toward the horizon. Before long, Emma could tell that Dean was thinking about the world out there. He turned back to her. \"Are we ever going to tell Lilli about…you know…?\" She licked her lips. \"About what?\" Emma muttered, not sounding sincere. Dean shrugged. \"Do we tell her about where we came from…or do we let her believe that there are only three people in the world?\" Emma looked down at the sand, then took a deep breath. She closed her eyes a second, running a hand through her hair. \"When I was living in the city, I spent all this time planning for tomorrow — imagining where I wanted to go next,\" she noted. \"Then after we got here…I basically did the same thing. I couldn't stop fantasizing about leaving the island, about getting my life back on track.\" Dean held quiet, listening closely. \"The point is, I've spent too much time dreaming about the future while overlooking the present.\" Emma faced Lilli with a sweet little stare. \"I don't want her to be like that — the way that I used to be. I want her to stay content with where she is.\" Dean watched her a moment, then slowly nodded. \"I guess we'll tell her about the outside world when the time is right.\" She took Dean's palm in hers. \"But I want Lilli to know that the island is her home.\" Emma beamed with a playful look. \"Her home, and ours.\" He stroked Emma's fingers, grinning back at her, then turned his gaze to Lilli once more. Emma held her eyes on Dean. In all her life, she'd never felt closer to anyone than she did to him, and the feeling was especially strong right now. Dean glanced at Emma, wondering why she was quiet. Emma squeezed his hand a bit. \"I'm actually honored to have a child with you, Dean McMullen,\" she whispered. Her face broke into a little smile. Dean held Lilli's hand as they walked by the shore. His daughter was a spunky toddler now. Every time a wave rushed up to their heels, the pair leapt to avoid it while sharing a laugh. Emma watched from a distance while sprawled on the beach, then stared at the newest bump in her stomach. After putting Lilli down for an afternoon nap, Dean walked over and sat beside Emma. He settled his eyes on her bulging belly, then quietly lifted his gaze to hers. \"What is it?\" she asked. Dean ran a hand along her stomach. \"I like it when you're pregnant,\" he announced. It almost sounded like an epiphany. Emma chuckled to herself, looking down at the sand. Even now, after all these years, Dean thought that everything about her was cute. From what she could tell, he liked watching her trudge about, or simply lie on the beach, the promise of new life flowing within her body. \"It's not just the way you look, it's the way you act,\" he noted. \"And how do I act?\" Emma sleepily murmured. \"A little quieter. A little calmer. It's like you're living in this happy little place, where something real special is about to happen.\" Emma watched him with a tranquil smile, the breeze blowing a stray lock across her face. She reached out and held Dean's hand. \"That happy little place is right here with you.\" Dean looked down at her belly again. \"I wish I could take a picture. It'd be nice to have an image of you with this bump,\" he said. \"A pregnant Emma is one of my favorite sights in the world.\" She beamed a little, sensing her cheeks going red. \"But as much as I enjoy seeing you pregnant,\" Dean continued, \"it's what comes afterward that I like the most.\" A relay race had begun on the beach. Dean and Emma jogged side by side, pretending to compete as they taunted each other. Upon reaching a line that was drawn in the sand, both turned and ran back to their respective partners. Emma tagged their oldest daughter, Lilli, while Dean tagged their younger child, Sarah. The kids were wearing long cloths tied up at their shoulders. Both girls ran with wild abandon, showing none of the restraint that their parents had shown. Emma and Dean glanced at each other, exchanging a few quiet giggles. Dean and Emma sat side by side, cooking dinner together beneath the stars. A girl's voice called out in the distance behind them. \"I'm back,\" Sarah happily announced. A good deal of time had passed since her birth; she now looked to be about seven years old. She stepped across the sand with a sack full of berries, her long brown hair tied up in a bun. Another voice came from the other direction. \"I'm back too,\" Lilli said. She joined her family beside the fire, loose blonde locks hanging down her shoulders. Lilli was around two years older than Sarah. Neither child had gone very far — they weren't allowed to travel about on their own — but each liked to exaggerate the length of their trip. Sarah dropped her berries beside the rest of the food. \"Nice going, kiddo,\" Dean said with a nod. The younger girl swayed in place with a smile, cupping her hands behind her back. Lilli stepped forth and set her pile down next. Her batch was significantly larger than Sarah's. Sarah frowned, then looked away. \"Good job,\" Emma warmly said. \"Both of you.\" A little later in the evening, Sarah and Lilli tried their hands at cooking. It was Sarah who managed to finish up first, and each of her vegetables were nicely done. But Lilli's cooking was even nicer. Her results were more thorough, more crispy and brown. Sarah glared, then tossed down her stick. She tightened her lips and stormed away from the others. Emma winced. \"Sarah?\" She stood up and chased after her. \"Hey…\" A few minutes later, Emma and Sarah found a quiet spot to talk in. \"What's going on?\" Emma asked. Sarah trudged about with folded arms, holding her stare on the soft white sand. \"It just seems like anything I can do, Lilli can do better,\" she muttered. Emma held quiet, then chuckled to herself. \"What's funny?\" Sarah asked. \"My sister used to say the same thing about me,\" Emma revealed. Sarah's mouth fell open amidst her surprise. Emma narrowed her eyes in sympathy. \"It's not true, though. It just seems that way at times. In reality, each of us has something that we do pretty well, something that we might be a little better at than everyone else.\" \"That's right,\" Lilli said, approaching behind Emma. \"You're a better swimmer than me, remember?\" Sarah paused to consider that, her features beginning to brighten a bit. She seemed to admire her sister's compassion. Lilli always managed to make her feel better. Dean chimed in while walking up to the others. \"It's good that each of us has something that we specialize in.\" He shrugged. \"That means that whenever one of us falls a little short, we always have someone who we can lean on.\" He wrapped his arms around Emma. \"That's the way it should be,\" Emma added, reaching up to hold Dean's hand. \"We're a family. We're a team.\" Sarah blushed, then sent a smile toward Lilli. She got a slow nod from her sis in return. A few hours later, Lilli approached her sister alone on the beach, looking a tad restless as she walked about. Sarah quickly recognized Lilli's expression. Her face was a portrait of curiosity. \"I know that look,\" Sarah teased. \"You've been trying to figure something out.\" Lilli calmly sprawled out on the sand. She let out a sigh while staring upward. \"Do you really think that the four of us are the only people in the world right now?\" Sarah rested her eyes on her sister's face, then turned her gaze to the ocean of stars. \"Do you?\" Lilli hesitated, then shook her head. \"No…\" she whispered. \"I think there are other girls, and other boys — living on other islands out there.\" Sarah couldn't help but be fascinated. \"How many other islands do you think there are, Lil?\" Lilli pursed her lips, pondering the question. \"Maybe two.\" She paused, then nodded confidently. \"And how many other people are out there?\" She crossed her arms above her head. \"Probably eight,\" the older girl said. Sarah arched a knee and stroked her brow. \"I wonder why Mom and Dad never take us to visit those islands.\" Lilli fell silent for a few seconds. \"Maybe they can't. Maybe we're stuck here.\" Sarah turned to her in surprise. \"I mean…sometimes I see Mom staring out at the ocean, and it looks like she's sad about something. Remembering something.\" Lilli quieted, rubbing her chin. \"But then she looks at us, or looks at Dad, and all of that sadness just disappears.\" Sarah shifted her gaze back to the sky. After a few moments, she spoke again. \"Do you really think we're stuck here?\" Lilli cupped her cheek. \"I don't know,\" she said rather casually. Sarah paused, then smiled a little. \"If we are…I think I'm kind of happy about that. I like it here.\" The older girl laughed. \"So do I. So do Mom and Dad.\" \"If we ever left,\" Sarah said, \"I'd just want to come back.\" Lilli sprinted up the ladder and bounced into the tree house, while Sarah rushed in right behind her. Moments later, Emma followed. \"You two get ready for bed.\" She clapped her hands twice when they didn't hear her. \"Uh, uh. No games tonight. Straight to bed. It's late.\" Emma recalled living with her parents and sister. She'd spent so many mornings waking them up. She chuckled while thinking back to those days, taking in the sight of her current household. Dean stepped in with a stretch and a yawn. Emma hugged his waist and brushed a hand on his chest. Around an hour later, Emma watched as the others lay soundly asleep, eyeing her family with unabashed pride. She nuzzled against Dean and draped a leg across his, pulling their cover up over their chests. As Emma was settling into a slumber as well, she noticed her mother looking on from a shady corner, smiling proudly at Lilli and Sarah. Emma flinched in surprise, rising a little. Seconds later, Barbara was gone. Emma stared at the area where her mother had been, her mouth hanging open as she eyed the spot. After watching steadily for about a minute, she rolled on her back and threw her gaze to the ceiling. She'd gotten a reminder that this was a dream. And sooner or later, she was going to wake up.[Chapter 21] \"Resolution\" — Part Two Lilli leapt from the tree house and landed on the sand, a wave of sunlight rising from her knees to her face. She'd reached the same age that Emma was when she'd arrived on the island, her long blonde locks framing curious eyes. She gazed into the distance and spotted her mother, whose back was turned as she sat by the shore. Emma's hair danced about in a quiet breeze, white locks peeking through the mass of gold. Her eyes were surrounded by tiny wrinkles, and her lazy stare showed signs of age. Lilli crossed the sand and sat down by her mom, looking out at the gentle waves. \"You're thinking about the other place, aren't you?\" she asked. \"What other place?\" Emma said, turning to her daughter. \"The place where you and Dad used to live, before you came to the island.\" Emma paused, holding silent for a moment. Then she chuckled a little and glanced down at the sand. \"I think about it sometimes,\" she admitted. \"But there's a difference between thinking about it, and longing for it. I don't long for it anymore.\" As usual, Lilli appeared fascinated by her mother's words. \"Why not?\" she wondered, moving a bit closer. Emma shifted her gaze back to the waves. \"I learned a couple of lessons on this island before you were born.\" She lifted her eyebrows. \"Actually, I learned a lot of lessons, but two of them stood out. One: there are certain fantasies that you have to let go of.\" Emma eyed the horizon, thinking about her past. \"That's probably the second biggest thing that I've learned here.\" Lilli listened closely, turning her stare to the water. \"What's the biggest lesson of all?\" Emma smiled. \"The biggest lesson is…\" She trembled a little, and her words trailed off. Emma got a rare but familiar feeling. The world began growing faint and quiet. Her breathing shifted, and her mind relaxed. A wave of consciousness crept into her head. And as each of those sensations began sinking in, she suddenly knew that she was dreaming — and that she was about to wake up. She turned to Lilli with a look of fear. Her jaw quivered. Her cheeks grew warm. She licked her lips while calming herself… And then her eyes began brimming with tears. Lilli glanced at Emma amidst the silence. Emma turned away to hide her face. \"Mom?\" Suddenly, Emma noticed a distraction across the sand. \"Hey,\" she said. \"It looks like Sarah and your dad have got the picnic ready. Why don't you head over there and join them?\" \"What about you?\" \"I'll be there in a minute.\" Lilli sprung up and began strolling away. \"Lil,\" Emma said. \"Come here for a second.\" Lilli stepped back over to her mother, and Emma pulled the girl into a deep, long hug. \"I love you, baby,\" Emma moaned. The sudden affection took Lilli by surprise. \"I love you too,\" she chuckled, rubbing Emma's back. After pausing to admire her mom for a second, she turned away and ran off with a grin. Moments later, everything around Emma had faded away. She found herself surrounded by darkness again, and saw that she'd reverted to her real age. She was back where she'd started — and she wasn't alone. Barbara walked up and stood before Emma, pulling her lips into a loving smile. \"I'm glad that you had those visions, Emma,\" she said. Emma took deep breaths while watching her mother, then closed her eyes amidst a slew of tears. \"So am I,\" she murmured. The older woman moved closer, eyeing Emma with compassion. \"And do you understand why you took this journey now?\" Emma sniffed, then slowly nodded. \"I do,\" she said. After a moment's pause, she stepped forth and embraced her mother. For some reason, she sensed that she was finished having dreams like this one. However, she still hoped to have visions of her family now and then. No matter how long she was apart from them, there was a constant feeling that would never change. \"I love you, Mom,\" Emma whispered. Barbara smiled, holding her close. Once they'd separated, she cupped her hand along Emma's face, then slowly faded amidst the dark. Emma awakened in reality to a bright new day, seeing Dean by a fire, cooking their breakfast. He grinned and waved as she pulled herself up. \"You feeling okay?\" Her eyes began to water a little as she watched him. \"Dean…\" she said. \"I've got to talk to you.\" Emma lay cuddled in Dean's embrace, staring up at the cloudy sky. \"So that was why you got all quiet yesterday,\" Dean noted, speaking gently. \"Because you realized that you weren't actually pregnant.\" She inhaled softly, then took a slow breath. \"I honestly wanted to be this time,\" she mumbled. \"But it was another false alarm — and it actually got me thinking about something.\" He brushed a hand across her hair. \"What was that?\" Emma closed her eyes. \"We've been here for so long, and I still haven't had a baby. I think there's a reason for that. I think I can't.\" Her voice lowered into a somber tone. \"I think I might have a condition that prevents it.\" Dean froze for a moment while pondering her words, his eyes gleaming with a hint of tension. \"I started to get depressed yesterday while thinking about that,\" she continued. \"And then, suddenly, this dream came along. I think it was a gift of some sort. I think I was being given something in fantasy that I can't have in reality.\" He listened on in fascination, recalling all of the visions that she'd described. \"It sounds like it was a really nice dream, Em.\" \"It was beautiful,\" she said. \"You were beautiful, and so were the children.\" Emma paused to enjoy the memories for a while. Dean held quiet, letting her bask in her thoughts. After she'd left her transfixed state, Emma eyed Dean regretfully, and her voice broke a little. \"But I don't think I can give you any kids in reality, Dean…and I'm sorry for that.\" \"It's all right,\" he whispered, placing a kiss on her cheek. Dean shook his head. \"Maybe this is our fate when it comes to parenthood,\" he said, thinking back to their recent discussion. \"But even if we never become parents, life will go on.\" He paused to look at her. \"I'm just wondering if you're going to be okay with that.\" Emma looked down, then closed her eyes again. \"It might be hard, but I think I will be,\" she admitted. \"Because we have each other…and because I know that there are certain fantasies that we have to let go of,\" she noted. \"That's the second biggest lesson that I've learned on this island.\" Dean leaned his head against hers. \"What's been the biggest lesson of all?\" She paused before responding. \"That home is where the heart is,\" Emma said. She drew back a little, facing him. \"No matter where we are, my home will always be with you.\"[Chapter 22] \" And Then I Met You\" Dean loved the aftermath of a rainy afternoon. He liked the scent in the air, the gray of the sky, the soft feeling of moisture lingering about everywhere. He took Emma's hand as they strolled by the shore, feeling a wave rush beneath them every minute or so. \"Okay,\" he said. \"So I might have some news.\" Dean licked his lips and looked to the sky. \"While you were sleeping, I heard what sounded like a helicopter again.\" Emma opened her mouth, but stayed perfectly quiet. Dean glanced at her with a look of surprise, wondering if she'd understood him fully. \"I ran out and checked — for a helicopter, I mean — but I couldn't see anything but birds up there.\" Emma held her stare forward, watching the waves hit the sand. Dean couldn't help but feel a little bewildered. \"Do you think that one could've actually passed by?\" he wondered. Emma lifted her gaze up to the clouds. \"Maybe,\" she muttered, glancing down once more. Dean watched Emma in utter confusion. She sounded strangely indifferent to this conversation. He knew that Emma had embraced their life on the island, but he was sure that she'd prefer to be back in the city. Or would she? \"Do you even want to leave this place anymore?\" he asked. Emma held her hips and looked at the ground, taking a moment to consider that question. After a fair deal of silence, she let out a sigh. \"I don't know,\" she admitted, stroking the back of her head. Dean flinched a little, holding his eyes on her. \"I never thought I'd see the day when Emma Robinson wanted to stay on this island.\" \"Emma McMullen,\" she countered. \"And I didn't exactly say that I wanted to stay.\" \"What are you saying, Em?\" \"I'm saying that it would be great if we could see our families again…but I'm not sure what else there is to go back to anymore.\" Dean turned his head forward, holding quiet for a moment. He'd had the very same feelings for quite some time, but had largely tried keeping them to himself. Emma looked down and kicked at the sand. \"I'm not even sure what I'd do when I got back.\" \"What kind of job do you think you'd get?\" She shrugged a little. \"I'd probably have to start out in a diner, or a department store.\" Dean smiled while picturing Emma as a waitress. Then he glanced at the sky as a thought came to him. \"We've been here a while,\" he mused. \"And we've gotten used to it now. If we suddenly left this place and went back to civilization…how hard do you think the adjustment would be?\" Emma squinted while pondering that. \"Are we honestly ready to swap island life for city life?\" he asked. \"I mean, island life has some advantages, right?\" Her eyes began gazing from place to place. \"I guess,\" she chuckled. Dean plopped down on the sand, letting himself relax. His face shone with a playful smile. \"What are the benefits of living here , as opposed to where we came from?\" Emma grinned and sat down before him. \"For starters, there's no schedule to keep everyday.\" She recalled her old habit of getting up on time, then tittered a little while thinking back to that period. She'd been proud to maintain a schedule then, but had come to enjoy living without one now. \"We've also got a beach pretty close to our house,\" he added. \"That we do.\" Emma giggled, shaking her head. \"I used to spend about 30 minutes driving out to a beach. When I wake up now, I spend about 30 seconds walking to one.\" Dean spread his arms. \"That's pretty nice, right? Besides that, we've got some great scenery in front of us too.\" Emma brushed back her hair while eyeing the beautiful sights — a blue waterfall, a vast green valley, the long white beach that she loved to walk on. Her lips began rising in a gentle smile, and she decided that she wanted to take a trip somewhere. Dean and Emma sat perched just above a lagoon, a stream of water bathing the rocks beside them. Before long, Emma noticed that Dean had gotten a little quiet. \"What are you thinking about?\" she asked softly. Dean stroked his hair. \"Those things we were talking about yesterday.\" She leaned her head to the side, pulling a lock from her face. \"You mean the stuff about childhood?\" His gaze began to linger on the passing clouds. \"I wasn't just a 'loner' back in high school. I've kind of been that way ever since I was little.\" Dean felt a bit awkward while recalling those years. \"When I was a kid, I spent all this time hanging around the house playing video games. I always kept to myself and shut everyone out.\" He crossed his arms on his knees and let out a sigh. \"But after a while I got lonely, so I gave soccer a try.\" Emma nodded, interlocking her fingers. \"It was nice at first.\" He let himself chuckle. \"I had a lot of fun, I got a sense of humor, and I realized that connecting with people wasn't as hard as I thought.\" Dean looked down at the rocks, falling quiet a moment. Emma sensed what he was thinking, and moved a bit closer. \"When I lost my mom…I kind of closed myself off again.\" After a bit of silence, he turned his stare to Emma once more. \"Then I met you — and everything changed.\" A modest grin spread across Emma's face. \"Once the two of us got to know each other, I felt something that I'd never really felt before,\" he said. She brushed her hand across Dean's chin, then paused to recall her own life in the city. \"I've never been a loner. I always hung out in crowds,\" she noted. \"But before I met you…I never had a bond as strong as this one.\" Emma thought back to their earlier discussion. \"I guess we've discovered a lot of good things on this island. We found a great beach. We found a nice place to live. But the greatest thing about coming here was that we found each other.\" He beamed a little, leaning closer to her. Emma met his stare with a playful little smile. Moments afterward, Dean and Emma joined hands, and they slowly kissed.[Chapter 23] \"Us\" Dean sat beside Emma as she lay on the sand, serving her fruit while she eyed him warmly. Once the feeding session was done, he scooped up her legs and began rubbing her peds. A distant memory crept across Dean's mind, and a faint little grin spread over his face. \"What? What are you smiling at?\" she teased. \"Growing up, I always figured that I'd be working at some desk in an office by now.\" He glanced at Emma. \"Instead, my job is to pamper you all day.\" Emma lifted an eyebrow and flashed a haughty smirk. Then she threw her head back and let the giggles arrive. \"Lucky me,\" she said appreciatively, her sunny demeanor on full display. \"I had no idea that getting pampered was this much fun.\" Dean paused, eyes stirring in surprise. \"You never had an old boyfriend do this for you?\" The thought of that kind of irked him a bit. He didn't want to imagine Emma with anyone else. \"I never had an old boyfriend, period,\" she revealed. His jaw dropped, just a tad. He could hardly believe what he'd just been told. Emma shrugged. \"I mean, I used to go out on a date now and then…but nothing serious. Not until you came along.\" Dean's stare became utterly frozen on her. Emma squinted, feeling a little confused. She thought back to when she'd told him about her virginity. \"You always seem so stunned when I say that you're my first,\" she murmured. \"Because I can't believe that I'm the only guy who's been with the amazing Emma Robinson,\" he explained. Emma chuckled. \"You're pretty amazing yourself, and you've never been involved with anyone else either.\" \"Which makes sense . I kept people at a distance. You didn't.\" Emma took a deep breath and brushed back her hair. \"Well, whether it makes sense or not, it's the truth,\" she said. A familiar sweetness entered into her stare. Dean felt deeply touched by her words — but he remained surprised, he remained perplexed. \"Why?\" he whispered, his hands growing gentler. \"How come you never did much dating, Em?\" Emma frowned a little and looked aside. Her friends used to wonder the very same thing. \"There were a couple of reasons, I guess,\" she mumbled. \"First, none of the guys I met seemed to like me for me .\" She faced Dean again. \"They weren't like you.\" Dean nodded slowly. \"Not everyone can be Dean McMullen,\" he teased, letting his ego swell a bit. \"So then. What was your other reason?\" As a personal memory came back to her, Emma suddenly went silent, feeling deeply shy. Dean's arrogance began fading away. He detected something serious in Emma's demeanor. \"After I found out about the affair in my family…I think I kind of lost my belief in love,\" she said. Dean licked his lips and wore a sensitive face. He quickly felt sorry for bringing this up. \"But I found that belief again, after I found you.\" Emma faced him with the warmest of smiles. He returned her expression, rubbing his hands on her skin. Moments afterward, another thought came to him. \"What is it?\" she asked, reading him like a book. \"What's on your mind?\" \"Just wondering. What if one of us had been dating someone when we came to this island? Or what if both of us were already attached?\" Emma grew fascinated as she listened on. \"If we'd still fallen in love, then gotten rescued, how would we handle things with our 'significant others?' \" Emma grinned. \"I wouldn't want to hurt anyone else, but I would have to be true to my heart,\" she affirmed. \"And I know that my heart would lead me to you.\" As usual, Dean was quite moved by what Emma had said. \"Same here,\" he replied with a nod. His eyes brightened as he stared at her. \"The two of us belong together.\" \"That we do,\" Emma happily concurred. \"As noted, you and I are writing a really sweet love story here.\" Dean's imagination began to flourish again. \"What if that love story had started sooner?\" He looked down at the sand. \"I know this sounds strange, but I've actually imagined us coming here as little kids, and growing up on this island.\" Emma winced in a bit of surprise. Where did Dean come up with these things? \"Like I said,\" he chuckled, \"it sounds crazy.\" \"No,\" she murmured, letting the thought sink in. Emma took a few moments to consider it further. \"Actually, I think that certain things would've been easier for me. I think that I might've had a quicker adjustment.\" Dean recalled their early days on the island. Emma had taken a while to loosen up back then. \"We had different perspectives when we first came here. You saw a paradise. I saw a prison. You kept wanting me to relax a little and have some fun…but all I could think about was getting off this island,\" Emma said. Among other things, Dean remembered a certain moment from their very first day, a moment when he'd asked her to take a picture. \"I realize now that I acted that way because of my primary flaw,\" she mumbled. \"Or at least, my primary flaw back then.\" Dean lowered his voice, treading gently. \"What was your primary flaw, Em?\" He sounded like he already knew. Emma looked away, but answered honestly. \"I used to spend so much time focusing on the future that I undervalued the present.\" Dean folded his arms, holding perfectly quiet. He'd seen hints of this before they'd even come to the island. \"After we got stranded here, I kept thinking, 'Why now ?' Why couldn't this have happened after I'd gotten old? Why did this have to happen just before I could get my life started?\" She'd asked that question a lot during the early days. \"Then I fell in love with you, fell in love with this place…and I learned that it was okay to mourn the loss of my future — but it wasn't okay to overlook the present.\" She smiled at him. \"So I decided to stop living for tomorrow, and start living for today. And I began to overcome that flaw of mine.\" Dean watched her proudly, admiring the progress that she'd made. \" My primary flaw was that I always tended to keep pain bottled up, until you showed me that I don't have to do that.\" Emma recalled the day she'd found Dean burying the skeleton. She remembered how she'd gotten him to open up then, and thought of how often he'd done it since. Dean grinned. \"Seems like we've both gone through some pretty big changes — because we're together. Because there's an us .\" Emma quietly beamed, nodding to herself. After a while, she spoke up again. \"So. If those were our primary flaws back then, what are our primary flaws right now?\" He took a few seconds to admire her body. \"You look pretty flawless to me.\" She rolled her eyes, then shook her head. Dean found himself in a state of surprise. Before now, he'd thought that he'd learned all that there was to know about Emma, but it seemed that there was always something new to discover. \"I never knew some of these things that you mentioned,\" he said. \"I didn't know certain details.\" Emma nodded again. \"I think it's nice that we keep learning things about each other.\" She lifted her eyebrows. \"After all, we're going to be on this island forever, right?\" Dean chuckled. \"If we are,\" he muttered, \"I'm glad that I get to spend 'forever' with you.\" Dean inched forward, moving toward Emma. Then he noticed something while looking at her bikini. \"What is it?\" she asked. He thought about a shirt of his back in the tree house. \"Our clothes are starting to get all ragged and torn.\" His voice dropped into a somber tone. \"If this keeps up, we're going to be walking around naked.\" \"You say that like it's a bad thing.\" A teasing smile inched across Emma's face. Dean flinched, looking a little surprised. \"Seriously, though. I think we can salvage these clothes. Maybe we should just try wearing them a little less often.\" She eyed Dean with a sensuous look. Dean placed a loving pat on Emma's leg. \"You always come up with such good ideas.\" For just a moment, Emma recalled what people had said during her years in high school. Everyone had always called her special — her sister, her parents, her teachers, and her friends. The funny thing was, Emma had never believed it. Not until now. Several girls in the world were pretty and smart. Those qualities didn't make her feel special at all. Dean made her feel special because he made her feel loved. And not just loved, but adored and revered. She stood nude on the beach, locks fluttering in the wind, her hair pinned back in Dean's favorite style. Dean was kneeling before her, muscles toned and tight, firelight gleaming across his skin. She loved seeing him like this, crouched nude on his knee, like a chiseled sculpture delivered to a queen. He was all beauty — and all hers. Dean's lips touched down on her soft smooth skin, and a pair of quick shivers shot throughout her legs. Emma closed her eyes amidst the wave of delight, toes clutching the sand as her knees went weak. His tongue began crawling along her thighs, and she dug her hands into his massive shoulders. Dean eased her to the ground, and continued his journey, thoroughly exploring her with his mouth. A series of moans began leaving her lips, each coming quickly, one after the other. Emma opened her eyes as Dean wandered about… Seconds later, her face trembled with glee. She tightened a fist and turned her head to the side, resting a hand upon one of her breasts. Dean crawled upward and removed that hand, gently brushing it out of his way. Emma wrapped her fingers around the back of his head, holding his face in the spot by her heart. Then she pulled her legs right around his waist, stroking his hair as their rhythm began. They watched the waves while laying still on the sand, cuddled together in the center of the beach. \"I love you,\" Dean said in a happy tone. Emma smiled, stroking the hand at her heart. \"I love you too.\"[Chapter 24] \"Madly In Love\" A bright moon was hanging just over the island. Stars shone boldly amidst the stark black sky. Emma trembled with excitement at the top of a slope, casting her gaze toward the distant lagoon. She took a deep breath and pulled Dean close, letting out a yelp as they began their slide. They picked up speed near the end of the slope, then parted as they took off flying through the air. Dean grabbed his knees in the midst of his flight, while Emma extended her arms and legs. The pair splashed down into the moonlit water, laughing as they swam toward each other's embrace. Emma held Dean and pressed her mouth against his, their bare chests touching as they slowly kissed. As their lips separated, and their breathing steadied, Emma saw a twinkle within Dean's eyes. She lowered her voice, making a sweet little whisper. \"You always look at me like that.\" \"Like what?\" Emma pulled her lips into a teasing grin. \"Like I'm the kind of girl that you've always wanted or something.\" He smiled back, feeling slightly amused. He wasn't aware that he'd been sending that message. \"Am I?\" she wondered, beaming a bit. Dean paused a second as he thought of his answer, then ran his hands along the sides of her face. \"Okay. Hear me out,\" he requested. Emma nodded, wondering what he would say. \"You're actually not the kind of girl that I always wanted. And believe it or not, that's a very good thing.\" Dean licked his lips and made a nervous chuckle. \"When I was younger, I probably had a less mature view of love.\" Emma paused to wonder what he meant — then realized that she might not have to ask. A faint little blush swept over her cheeks. \"I probably did too,\" she quietly admitted. Dean was taken by surprise. \"How so?\" he whispered. She averted her eyes, glancing down at the water. \"When I was a girl, I wanted a boyfriend who didn't carry any drama. I figured that I had enough of that at home.\" Dean recalled the stories about her family. \"So I hoped to meet a guy with a completely clean slate, who didn't have any real problems himself.\" A shy smile spread across Emma's face. \"I realize now that I was pretty naive, because a person like that doesn't really exist.\" Dean thought about his own days as a teen, recalling the ideal partner that he'd imagined back then. \"I know what you mean,\" he slowly mumbled. \"Before we met…I didn't want a girl who had a life of her own. I wanted someone who existed to make me feel good.\" Emma listened on, sporting a sensitive look. He stared at her, watching the woman he loved. \"With you, I learned that it's not that simple.\" Dean grinned. \"If you're going to be with another person, then you've got to realize that people come with issues.\" \"Very true,\" Emma pleasantly replied. \"And I don't have a problem with that,\" Dean said. \"I mean, it wasn't just the pleasant stuff that brought us closer, right? Working through issues helped do that too.\" He winked at her. \"It's all a part of the bonding process.\" Emma silently returned Dean's smile. \"The more we bonded, the closer we became.\" Emma nodded. \"And the closer we became, the more I fell madly in love with you.\" She held her playful grin on him. \"No, no, no,\" he teased. \"If anyone's madly in love here, it's me.\" Dean moved forward, wrapping his arms around Emma. \"So going back to what you said before…I don't view you as the girl that I 'always wanted' — I just know that you're the one I was meant to be with.\" A curtain of sunlight inched across the beach, brightening the sand from one end to the other. Emma tugged Dean's shorts slowly down his legs, tossing them aside as he lay on his back. As they faced one another, completely nude, a naughty little smile spread across her face. She narrowed her eyes, crawling forth like a cat, flattening her naked body atop Dean's. Dean reached up and brushed Emma's soft cheek, stroking the back of her head as they kissed. A quiet moan escaped him as he held her close, loving the touch of her skin against his. Emma broke the kiss and sat up on her knees, then felt Dean's hands cover most of her breasts. She closed her eyes, breathing in and out, hearing a light wave crash along the shore. Before she and Dean had discovered the tree house, Emma had never made love indoors. These days, she actually preferred being outside when it happened. The connection to nature held a beautiful allure. They remained on the beach for the whole afternoon, loving each other with all of their hearts. Emma walked to the shore and eased down beside Dean, leaning against him as they sat together. \"How did your parents meet?\" she wondered. Dean glanced at her, looking a little surprised. \"At work,\" he replied, rather casually. He began gazing outward with a placid stare. \"With my dad…pretty much everything revolved around work.\" Emma noticed a bit of somberness within Dean's tone. \"What do you mean?\" she asked, watching him closely. Dean took a deep breath and released a soft sigh. \"I was a loner growing up, but that wasn't always by choice. My parents were busy with their jobs half the time, and I kind of got used to being alone, I guess.\" She ran a hand over his familiar brown curls. \"Of course, my dad tried making things right sometimes.\" Dean wanted to give credit where credit was due. \"I remember this day when he made one of those speeches. 'I haven't always been there for you,' and things like that.\" He grinned a bit as the memory arrived. Emma smiled as well, her voice going gentle. \"From all that you've told me, it's pretty obvious that he always loved you — contrary to what you used to say,\" she added. Dean glanced away. \"The feeling was mutual,\" he quietly admitted. \"I know that his heart was mostly in the right place. The guy was just a workaholic,\" he muttered. Dean paused, then turned to Emma. \"What's it like being a workaholic?\" Emma flinched in surprise, eyes darting back and forth. \"Why would you ask me?\" In her heart, she already knew. \"You used to bury yourself in your work too.\" He stroked his chin, looking her up and down. \"What's the drive? What's the motivation?\" Dean figured that different people probably had different reasons. Emma turned forward, her mouth opening a tad. She paused a moment before answering the question. Dean watched her, listening very closely. \"When I was a teen, I kept telling myself that I didn't want to have regrets once I turned 70, or whatever.\" Emma licked her lips, feeling her face start to blush. \"So, I tried to build the best future possible…while overlooking the present.\" She still felt that the latter had been a primary flaw. Dean held quiet, absorbing her words. A part of him was grateful to hear Emma's explanation, while another part of him had a new concern. He looked at his hands, touching his fingertips together. \"Do you think that you're going to have regrets when you're 70, Em?\" Emma let her gaze wander across the place they called home, then imagined herself getting elderly here. She watched the dancing waters, the swaying trees, and the beautiful beach sprawled out at her side. Then she thought about the life that they'd left behind. Both worlds filled her heart with affection. Emma interlocked her fingers, and blew a lock from her face. \"I know that I'll have some regrets when I'm older. And I'm pretty sure that you will too.\" Dean slowly nodded, knowing that he would. \"But having regrets is one thing. Being unhappy is another.\" Emma returned her stare to Dean. \"I'll never be unhappy about my life on this island — because you've spent so much time making my life better.\" Dean grinned at Emma and held her hand. \"I thought that you were the one who did that for me.\" Emma smiled back. \"Could it be that we've done that for each other?\" Dean nodded, stroking her skin. \"I'd say that sums it up pretty well.\"[Chapter 25] \"Name Three Things\" Emma awakened with a shake, clutching a cover to her chest. She let her gaze wander about in the dark, then found Dean sleeping on the floor to her right. Her stare drifted up to the old brown ceiling. She took a deep breath while recalling her dream. As a flurry of visions began filling her head, Emma's gaze softened, and her eyes fluttered closed. It wasn't long before a certain thought crossed her mind. I want my daughters back. Emma sat beside Dean on the thick wet sand, settling her eyes on the morning sky. \"So,\" he said, clapping his hands with a grin. \"What's on your mind today?\" Emma chuckled, licking her lips. \"I realize that there's something we've never asked each other. It's probably a little late to do this now, but we might as well.\" \"All ears,\" he replied, nudging his shoulder against hers. \"You know that famous question about being stranded on an island, right? The one that people use when they're trying to learn what you like?\" Dean shrugged, looking rather playful. \"What question is that?\" Emma rolled her eyes. \"You know what I'm talking about,\" she insisted. \"Let's say you're having a conversation with someone, and they ask you to name three things you'd want with you if you were stuck on an island.\" Dean flashed a quick little grin. \"So we're playing that game now?\" \"Yeah we are,\" she teased. \"What would your answer be?\" Dean stroked his chin, thinking back on the past. He paused to recall his most valued possessions. As a number of memories came to him, his grin began fading, and his voice went low. \"I…\" Dean fell quiet, trying to find the right words. Emma began to notice a shift in his mood. He seemed a bit less pleasant than he was before. She leaned back and placed a hand on her knee, letting him know she was ready to listen. \"Before we came here, I actually did have three favorite things,\" he remembered. \"My car, my surfboard, and my headphones.\" Emma nodded, rubbing her shin. \"Why were those things your favorites?\" Dean made a slight frown. \"Back then, there were times when I didn't really want to be around anyone — and those things provided a means of escape. I could drive to a cliff, and be all by myself. I could go out in the ocean, and be completely alone. Or I could turn the volume up, and make the world go away.\" Emma began imagining each of these things. She pictured Dean by himself in those private moments, which left her feeling a little disturbed. She knew that Dean wasn't simply a loner back then. He was a boy who'd been locked in a quiet depression. \"But it's like I said,\" he continued, \"those were my three favorite things as a teen. I wouldn't want any of those things right now — not for the same reasons anyway. I'm not a guy who isolates himself like that anymore.\" He smiled at Emma and wrapped an arm around her. \"Thanks to a certain girl.\" Emma grinned back, leaning her head against him. \"So what about you?\" he wondered. \"If you were on a deserted island — which you happen to be — what three things would you choose?\" Emma turned her gaze to the watery horizon. Her eyes softened a little as she spoke again. \"Right now, I wouldn't choose three things, I would choose three people.\" \"Who?\" \"You and our daughters,\" she answered. \"The girls from my dreams.\" Dean lifted an eyebrow, recalling their recent discussions. They'd grown rather curious about parenthood lately, but Emma appeared to be incapable of having a child. He lowered his voice to a gentle whisper. \"Are you getting sad about your condition again?\" \"No,\" she murmured, holding his hand. \"Because we're not even sure that you have one, Em.\" Emma made a half smile. \"If we had the option right now,\" Dean said, \"maybe we'd try adopting a kid.\" Her face brightened a bit. \"That would probably be nice,\" she replied. \"I mean, I'd prefer to give birth to a son or a daughter who's a part of us both, but…\" Her words trailed off, and she shook her head. \"We should probably stop dreaming about this. Sorry I keep bringing it up. I know we resolved it a little while ago.\" \"It's okay,\" he said. \"You can talk about it as much as you need to.\" He knew that Emma was a pretty emotional person. Certain issues, like the ones in her family, tended to stick with her for a while. Emma let a deep breath come and go, then looked Dean straight in the eyes and smiled. \"Whether we have a baby or not, I'm happy to have you,\" she reminded him. \"I'm happy to have you too.\" Both knew that the other was aware of this. They just liked saying it from time to time. Emma recalled the famous question from earlier: What would you want most if you were stuck on an island? \"About that question,\" she said, \"it's interesting that people are supposed to name three things — because I know I can narrow it down to just one.\" Dean wore a curious grin. \"And that one thing is…?\" \"The bond that we've created,\" Emma warmly said. \"Island or no island, our bond is the constant that I wouldn't want to live without.\" Dean drew Emma closer. \"Me neither.\" Emma brushed a hand along Dean's arm, then nuzzled against him as they cuddled together.[Chapter 26] \"A Beautiful Friendship\" A light gray hue spread across the sky. Rain pattered softly along the vast white sand. Emma sat perched just outside of the tree house, hovering on the platform between the ladder and the door. Dean walked out and took a seat as well, gazing outward at the sights before them. Each of their legs dangled over the edge, raindrops hitting the wood overhead. Emma lifted her knee and placed a hand on her foot, speaking softly as a thought came to her. \"When I was growing up, I always heard about this wishing well in our town,\" she murmured. \"According to this local legend, you could only make wishes that helped other people. Nothing that revolved around you would come true.\" Dean stroked his chin in fascination. He'd never heard of this tale himself. \"So I went to the well a few times, and I tested it out.\" Emma smiled a little. \"I wished for my grandpa to recover from an illness, and it happened. I wished for Stacey to pass a school test, and she did. I wished for my dad to get a promotion at his job, and he got it.\" She shook her head in a bit of awe. \"It seemed like any wish within reason was always granted.\" Dean lifted an eyebrow, feeling quite surprised. It sounded like a particularly interesting well. A shy look swept over Emma's face. She fell quiet as a series of memories arrived. After holding silent for several moments, she lowered her voice, looking down at her lap. \"When I got angry at my mom for having an affair…I finally went to that well and made a wish for myself. I wished that I would never, ever have a baby,\" she revealed. \"I knew that my mom wanted to see that happen someday — so I was blatantly wishing to deny her that dream.\" Emma frowned while recalling the anger she'd felt, then remembered the love she'd shown Barbara as well. \"Once me and her made up, I decided that I was okay with having kids one day.\" Her long stare lingered on the distant sand. \"Now it turns out that I can't…and I'm wondering if my wish actually came true,\" she muttered. \"I wonder if I got punished for being so spiteful.\" Dean's lips parted as he studied her. Then he wrapped an arm around Emma's waist. \"I highly doubt that the universe lashes out at people like you, Em.\" Emma looked off. \" 'People like me,' \" she said. \"I'm not perfect.\" \"Good,\" Dean teased. \"Because you'd probably be kind of boring if you were.\" Emma quietly giggled. \"All I'm saying is that it's just a coincidence. And again, we don't know for sure that you can't have kids.\" He squeezed her and smiled. \"The only thing we do know for sure is that I'm always going to love you.\" She paused a moment, then turned to him. Her eyes sparkled with a hint of tears. \"What? What is it?\" \"You always try and make me feel better, even when I'm not feeling bad.\" She beamed. \"You don't even have to try. Just being around you tends to cheer me up.\" \"That's what I'm here for,\" he playfully said. Emma watched Dean in adoration. \"Do you know what I'd wish for if I was at that well right now?\" \"What?\" Dean wondered, leaning forth with a grin. \"I'd wish that every girl in the world could meet a friend like you.\" Emma took Dean's hands in hers. \"The kind of friend who they'd fall in love with, over and over again.\"[Chapter 27] \"Parents and Children\" Emma walked across the house and joined Dean on the floor. She folded one of her legs, then crossed the other above it, taking his hands as she gathered her thoughts. \"So,\" he said with a teasing smile. \"What is it that you wanted to talk about?\" Dean had a good idea of the answer. Emma was focused on one of two things. Either this was about a memory, or it was about a fantasy. \"Just wondering…\" she said, brushing her fingers on his. \"What if we actually had a baby on the way? Right now.\" Dean took a glance at Emma's stomach, pausing to imagine a bump down there. \"How do you think we'd go about raising our kid?\" He found himself feeling a little confused. \"What do you mean?\" he muttered. \"We've talked about some of the things we'd do — but we hardly ever mention what we wouldn't do.\" Emma eyed him closely while leaning forth. \"What would you try to avoid doing once our child was born? What would be your number 1 rule of parenting?\" Dean flattened his lips and cast his gaze to the floor. Emma couldn't help but smile a bit. After about a minute, he found his answer. \"I guess I'd worry about spending too much time at work.\" Dean looked up with sullen eyes. \"If we had a child, I know I'd spend all day catching fish, finding wood, and bringing other stuff home for the family. By the time I got back here at night…our kid would probably be fast asleep.\" Emma recalled Dean's stories about his own childhood. She eyed him warmly, then held his hand to her cheek. \"It wouldn't happen like that,\" she whispered. Dean smiled back, appreciating her words. Then he squinted a little while growing curious about something. \"What about you?\" he quietly asked. \"As a mom, what do you think you'd try to avoid doing most?\" Emma paused a few seconds, then grimaced a bit. Her voice had lowered when she spoke again. \"If we had two kids…I think I'd worry about favoring one.\" She moved her shy gaze away from Dean. \"When my sister was born, I felt like my parents were ignoring me while adoring her. Over time, I couldn't help but be angry.\" Emma frowned a little, running a hand through her hair. \"So I got their attention the only way I could think of: I started pushing myself to do well in school. I wanted to be the daughter they adored the most.\" She licked her lips and looked down at her lap. \"It eventually worked. And Stacey hated me for it…and for a while, I was actually happy about that.\" Dean studied her amidst a cloud of silence. Whenever Emma revealed an issue, past or present, he found himself moved by the courage she displayed. She was fine with admitting that she wasn't perfect. He wondered if she'd done this with other people, or if it was something that she'd mainly reserved for him. Emma shrugged while continuing her tale. \"Of course, Stacey and I sort of made up later on, and school became less of an ego thing. I honestly liked the learning part.\" She paused as a sudden thought came to her. Then she lowered her eyebrows and grinned at Dean. \"If we actually could begin raising kids on this island, how much education do you think we'd pass on to them?\" Dean quieted a second while stroking his chin. \"For starters, I guess we'd show them how to write their names in the sand.\" She chuckled at that, seeing the vision in her head. Emma cuddled with Dean while watching the stars, holding her gaze on the sky as she spoke. \"If you had the chance to write a letter to your dad right now, what would it say?\" Dean took a moment to consider the question. \"I'd ask him to find someone who makes him happy, maybe as happy as my mom always did.\" He felt an old warmth flowing inside of him. \"I'd like to think that he's done that by now.\" Emma smiled at the thought. \"Me too,\" she said. Dean stroked her hair appreciatively. \"I'd also tell him that he definitely did a good job as a dad, and that I'm always going to love him, no matter what.\" She ran her hand along his chest, thinking back to her own childhood. Like many things, it'd had its ups and downs, but there were certainly more positives than negatives involved. \"I'd tell my parents that they raised both me and my sister well, and that I'm very touched by the effort they made.\" Dean nodded, feeling pleased to hear that. \"So.\" He winked. \"If we did have kids, do you suppose they'd say all this mushy stuff about us one day?\" \"I know they would,\" Emma giggled. And then she began to notice something. \"I'm not feeling sad about this topic…\" she mumbled. Dean looked at her in surprise. \"I mean, even though we're still not parents, talking about this doesn't upset me anymore. I'm feeling more positive than anything else.\" He smiled, giving her a quick little hug. \"We don't have children,\" she said, \"but we have each other, and I'll always be more than happy about that.\" Dean held her close. \"Me too,\" he replied.[Chapter 28] \"The Reawakening\" Emma stood by the shore on a dark gray evening, watching as Dean scaled a distant tree. Dean picked a banana and tossed it down to the sand, then made his way toward another batch. Before long, he began looking at Emma, watching her with a casual smile. Emma grinned, letting out a chuckle, then cupped her hands around her mouth. \"What are you staring at?\" she called. \"I'm staring at a beautiful girl,\" he yelled. She shook her head in a bit of amusement. Dean reached for a branch, still looking at her. \"I was just thinking about that time we- -\" He suddenly slipped, and lost his hold on the tree. His hands flailed about, gripping nothing but air. Dean hit his head amidst the fall — and once again upon reaching the sand. The world around Emma suddenly came to a stop. Her eyes widened, and she trembled in place. Upon forcing her body to move again, she charged up the beach and rushed over to Dean. Emma dropped to her knees while screaming his name, getting absolutely no response from him. A slew of tears began coating her face. She'd never known fright like the kind she knew now. After about 10 minutes, Emma heard a faint moan. Dean's weary eyes began fluttering open. \"Dean!\" she yelled, watching him in relief. \"Are you okay?\" A series of gasps flowed out of her mouth. Dean groaned, pressing a hand to his head. He winced while lifting his gaze to her. \"Dean?\" she said, brushing tears from her cheeks. He sat up a little, swinging his eyes back and forth. \"What's going on?\" he moaned. \"Where…where am I? What is this place?\" Emma froze again, her face quivering with fear. Dean turned to Emma, looking her straight in the eye. \"Who are you?\" Emma sat against a wall within the old tree house, hugging her knees as she watched Dean sleep. A makeshift bandage covered part of his head, and his back was turned as he lay on his side. He'd been eerily quiet, like the Dean of old, using sleep as a means to avoid conversation. From what she could tell, he felt tense and confused — which also described Emma's state right now. Dean had forgotten their entire past. The bond that they'd built. The trust that they'd shared. The things that they'd never told anyone else. In the span of 10 terrible, frightening minutes, all their years of love had been wiped from his mind. She hugged her knees tighter, feeling a tear in her eye. And then she remembered the worst news of all. She was scared by the thought that he'd forgotten her — but she was horrified that he'd forgotten himself. If Dean was being Dean, just as plucky as ever, then she could deal with the fact that he didn't know who she was. At least the guy she loved would still be there. But Dean didn't seem to be himself at all. Her closest friend in life was an absolute stranger. Emma woke up to a quiet morning, lifting a hand to block the rising sun. She spotted Dean sitting by a distant wall. His bandage was laying on the floor at his side. \"Dean?\" she said, crawling over to him. He flinched a tad, turning his gaze toward her. \"Are you okay?\" she quietly asked. Dean made a meek little nod in response. His lips fell open, just a crack, and his brown eyes gleamed amidst a vulnerable stare. Emma hesitated, letting her hopes rise a bit. \"Do you remember me now? Do you remember anything?\" He held silent a moment, then shook his head. \"Sorry,\" he answered, sounding like he meant it. Emma lowered her gaze to the old wood floor. Then she touched Dean's hand and looked up again. \"It's okay,\" she said, running her thumb on his fingers. Dean squinted in response, glancing down at their hands. \"One way or another…everything's going to be okay.\" Emma gave him a soothing smile. Dean blushed a tad and looked away. \"Why don't we take a walk by the shore?\" she offered. \"I don't like going outside,\" he mumbled. Emma winced, feeling a wave of suspicion. That sounded like something that a hermit would say. She brushed her thumb on his hand again, holding quiet as she looked at him. Dean found himself touched by her friendly demeanor, and a part of him wanted to tell her so. But he chose instead to keep his feelings hidden. He kept things bottled up within. Emma sat down in the center of the floor, staring at Dean as he toured the building. The house was small, and fairly simple. She knew he'd get bored in this place soon enough. Dean moved to the window and studied the beach, running his eyes from one end to the other. Something was beginning to hold his attention — something that he'd noticed last night as well. \"Emma?\" he murmured, looking over his shoulder. \"Yeah?\" she replied, interlocking her fingers. He frowned a little, then turned to her. \"Where are the other people? Where's everyone else?\" Emma froze. Her mouth fell open. Dean stroked his curls, eyeing her in confusion. Emma inhaled deeply, then took a long breath. She wasn't sure how he'd handle what she had to say. \"Okay…\" she uttered. \"Come here for a second.\" Dean crossed the floor and sat before her, noting the tension within her voice. \"There is no 'everyone else,' \" she told him. Emma reached out and took his hands in hers. \"You and I are the only ones here.\" Dean found no words for around five seconds. His stare had been wandering for most of the morning, but now it simply froze on Emma. \"What do you mean?\" he quietly asked, listening closely for her response. \"There's no one else,\" she said once more, reaching upward to stroke his hair. \"We're here alone.\" Dean paused again, feeling deeply bewildered. \"Are we on some sort of vacation or something?\" \"No…\" she murmured. \"Not anymore.\" Dean squinted a little. \"What do you mean by that?\" Emma held quiet, eyeing him with affection. \"Emma?\" Dean stammered, studying her face. \"When are the two of us going home?\" She eased her hand along his cheek, speaking softly as she answered him. \"That's the thing…\" she said. \"We are home.\" One hour later, Dean was pacing the floor. \"There has to be a way we can leave this island.\" Emma watched him closely, holding still in her seat. \"What if a plane or a helicopter passed by here?\" \"It wouldn't matter,\" she muttered. \"We don't have any flares.\" \"Then what if we saw a ship or a boat?\" \"We're not fast enough to catch up with one.\" \"Well maybe we should try building a raft or something.\" \"Dean…\" she said, reaching out toward him. \"If we found a bunch of logs, and tried tying them together- -\" \" Dean ,\" she repeated, taking his hand in hers. Her eyes softened as he looked at her, and she spoke to him in a very sweet voice. \"We can't leave,\" she quietly uttered. \"We're going to be here for the rest of our lives. Just you and me.\" Dean paused in place, letting the thought sink in. \"It's our reality…I think it's our fate.\" As he went on looking into Emma's eyes, something became undeniably clear: she truly believed everything that she'd said — which meant that he had good reason to believe it as well. After letting a bit of silence linger between them, he took a deep breath, then sat at her side. Emma watched him with sensitive eyes. \"Why?\" he asked, staring down at his lap. Emma winced, looking a little confused. \"I mean, I'm not saying I believe in fate, but…if it's real…why would it choose this path for us?\" She let her gaze swing away for a moment. \"Before we met, we had certain issues,\" she noted. \"You were a hermit who shut everyone out…and I was a dreamer, who never lived in the present.\" Dean raised an eyebrow, turning his stare to her. \"I guess that both of us were drifting through life before.\" She turned to Dean with the warmest of smiles. \"But then we bonded, and everything changed.\" His eyes brimmed with fascination. \"I think we awakened something within each other. And I figure that's what fate intended.\" Dean held silent, absorbing her words. After about a minute, he quietly spoke up. \"I guess that answers half my question,\" he noted. \"But even if fate did bring us together, why would fate be keeping us here?\" Emma shook her head and chuckled under her breath. \"I've never really figured that part out.\" She let out a sigh, then lifted her shoulders. \"Maybe it's not really fate at all. Maybe it's all just circumstance.\" She didn't really care, as long as they were together. Dean's voice dropped into a curious murmur. \"Tell me more about this bond of ours.\" He paused while trying to figure it out. \"Are we 'friends' or…or…\" Her gaze softened as she listened on, waiting for him to finish the question. Dean felt nervous all of a sudden. He blushed a little and turned away. Emma saw that he was growing tense. She licked her lips, then rose to her feet. \"You know what? I'm going to go and get breakfast ready.\" Dean nodded, still looking aside. Emma paused at the door, staring back at him. Then she turned around and left the tree house. Dean looked down at one of his fingers, holding his eyes on a golden ring. Emma returned with a sack full of food. A red scrape was visible upon her knee. \"You're hurt,\" Dean said, getting up from his seat. \"I'm okay,\" she answered while stepping inside. Dean found a wet cloth on a nearby shelf. \"Let me help you with that. Just sit over here.\" He dropped to his knee and began treating her wound. While he ran the cloth across Emma's leg, a distant memory flashed through his mind. Dean trembled, and his eyes went wide. \"Dean?\" Emma paused. \"What's wrong?\" she wondered. He lifted his gaze, watching her closely. \"I've done this for you before…haven't I?\" Emma's face lit up a little. She recalled the day after their very first kiss. \"I was worried back then,\" he quietly said. His words came slowly as he looked into space. \"I felt like I'd finally found someone who I could really connect with…and I realized how much that meant to me.\" He shifted his stare to Emma again. \"All of a sudden, I didn't know what I'd do if anything happened to you.\" Emma reached down and held his hands. \"Can you remember anything else?\" she asked. A rush of excitement swept through his veins. He wanted more visions like the one he'd just had. It felt like he'd regained a part of himself. Dean closed his eyes and concentrated. He frowned while willing the memories to arrive. \"It's okay,\" she whispered. \"Don't try too hard.\" His eyes opened slowly, and he let out a sigh. The visions he wanted simply wouldn't appear. Just before he could resume his struggle, he noticed the scrape on Emma's knee again. Dean clutched the cloth and went back to her leg. He wanted to explore his mind right now, but he felt a strange urge to put Emma first — like it was something that always came naturally to him. Once they'd finished up their breakfast, Emma asked Dean if he wanted to dance. Dean replied that he didn't know how, but Emma offered to guide him through it. They swayed slowly, hand in hand, holding each other as they watched the walls. Dean trembled again, bringing Emma to a halt. A look of awe spread across his face. \"Wait a second…we've done this before too, haven't we?\" Emma pulled back, facing him in surprise. \"You remember?\" She beamed. Dean slowly nodded. \"We've done this a lot,\" he said confidently. \"But the very first time…it was raining,\" he noted. Emma felt a flutter of joy in her heart. \"I was having so much fun,\" he recalled. \"I felt happy to be here — happy to be with you.\" Emma bobbed beside Dean within the blue lagoon. Both were wearing their swimsuits as they drifted together. She turned Dean to her, floating right before him. He blushed a little, but kept his eyes on hers. \"Do you remember when we realized we'd be here for a while?\" Emma smiled. \"Do you remember what you told me about life on this island?\" Dean hesitated, looking off for a moment. He closed his eyes, then opened them again. And that was when Emma finally saw it. She saw a look in Dean's eyes that she'd seen before — when he'd teased her, massaged her, and held her close. It was the same look that he wore when they shared their stories, the same look that he wore when they did nothing at all. The look in Dean's eyes could mean only one thing: she'd been reunited with the man she loved. Dean grinned, pulling Emma close. \"I said that I'd come to view all of this as a gift…simply because of the bond we'd built.\" He felt a wave of joy as his memory returned. \"I remember everything about our bond now, Em. And I know that it's even stronger today than it was back then.\" She sobbed with glee and wrapped her arms around Dean, feeling tremendously grateful to have him back. Dean felt more touched than he could possibly say. He'd never been closer to anyone than Emma. His love for her had snapped him out of a trance — just as it had when they'd first come here. She'd awakened something within him again. He let his gaze wander around the island, then recalled the discussion that they'd had in the tree house. \"This is a place where we can experience our love to the fullest. Maybe that's why we've been here so long. Maybe this really is a gift from fate.\" Emma pulled back and smiled at Dean. \"Fate or not, it's our reality,\" she said. \"And I couldn't be happier about that now.\" She held Dean's face, drawing him close, and the two shared a kiss within the bright blue water.[Chapter 29] \"Cuddling\" \"We should do this more often,\" Dean suggested, holding Emma close on the carpet of leaves. \"More often during the day, I mean.\" \"Sounds fine to me,\" Emma crooned, her bare chest pressed against his own. \"Wasn't this your fantasy growing up?\" He winked. \"Cuddling with your lover during a rainy day?\" He saw a curtain of sunlight over by the window. \"I mean, I know it's not raining right now, but this was the sort of thing you used to dream about, right?\" Emma nodded. \"When I wasn't dreaming about a 'perfect' future.\" She paused to recall her old fantasy life. \"Perfect house. Perfect job. And anything else I could possibly want.\" Emma let herself giggle a bit. Dean brushed his fingers along the back of her neck. \"You've never really told me what you wanted to be.\" He recalled her getting shy when he'd asked years ago. \"What kind of career were you chasing, Em?\" Emma licked her lips, then felt a grin cross her face. \"I was heading for law school,\" she quietly said. \"You wanted to be a lawyer?\" \"I wanted to be a judge.\" Dean winced in surprise. \"Being a lawyer seems more fun,\" he noted. \"That's why networks put all those lawyer shows on TV.\" Emma shrugged, chuckling under her breath. \"Well, back in those days…I guess no one could accuse me of wanting to have fun.\" Dean laughed himself, then squeezed her a tad. \"So why did you want to be a judge?\" he wondered. She recalled some of the fantasies that she'd had as a teen. \"I think I just liked the idea of helping others out, you know? Listening to issues, offering solutions, making a difference…keeping people in line.\" Emma smirked at that. \"I guess I liked the thought of maintaining order .\" She remembered waking up and doing that around her household. \"And I liked the thought of changing lives for the better.\" Dean smiled. \"Sort of like what you did for me,\" he noted. \"And just like what you did for me,\" she replied. Emma nestled her feet between both of Dean's. \"So what about you?\" she asked with a grin. \"I mean, I know that you were planning to work with your dad, but what else did you have in mind?\" He circled a hand between her shoulders. \"I think I might have tried to make it in pro soccer. Like I said, that sport was a fun way to open up and be the real me.\" \"And who, exactly, is the real Dean McMullen?\" She grinned and nuzzled her nose against his. \"The guy who I am whenever I'm with you. It's been that way since the very beginning.\" Emma swooned, inching a palm down his back. \"You're right. We should do this more often,\" she said. She let her hands wander across Dean's skin. \"The fact is you and I chat all the time, but we should make more of an effort to combine it with cuddling.\" Dean placed a quick little kiss on her nose. \"I guess that's the best way for lovers to talk.\"[Chapter 30] \"Reflection\" \"I wonder if we've been here a decade yet,\" Emma murmured while looking out at the waves. \"I don't think so,\" Dean said while sitting beside her, sounding more than a little curious himself. He clasped his hands and rubbed them together. \"But what if we had…and we knew it somehow? You think we'd do anything special?\" he wondered. Emma shrugged, flashing a faint little smile. \"I guess we'd take some time to look back on it all. After a decade, people pause to reflect.\" Dean leaned his head against her shoulder. \"Is that what you've been doing lately?\" She grinned again, tapping her head against his. \"Sort of,\" she muttered, letting the memories arrive. \"Maybe we haven't been together a whole decade yet, but no point in waiting to review everything.\" He straightened himself, thinking back as well. \"What have you been reflecting on?\" Emma paused to remember their days as students. \"How come you never wanted to talk to me in school?\" she whispered. Dean squirmed, making an awkward expression. Her face brightened as she turned to him. \"I mean look at how much we've bonded here.\" He felt a tad shy while running a hand through his hair. \"It's not that I didn't want to, remember? I just wasn't really sure what to say,\" he muttered. Emma giggled and looked toward the water. \"Most people start with 'hi,' \" she noted. Dean turned to her and flashed a playful grin. \"Hi,\" he said, then shrugged his shoulders. \"Better late than never, right?\" She nodded slowly, chuckling under her breath. \"On that note, I don't think we've ever shaken hands either,\" he mentioned. Emma beamed and extended her palm. Dean smiled back, and happily shook it. Her thoughts began swaying toward another period. She lowered her voice while remembering it. \"Back when we first showed up here, all I could really think about was leaving this place.\" She cast her stare toward the gold horizon. \"At first, I couldn't wait to get out there and chase my goals again…\" Dean recalled all their talks about Emma's ambitions. \"But then I just started to miss my family,\" she uttered. Emma felt a flutter of warmth inside. \"Looking back, I can see that my main reason for being discontent here was love.\" She turned to Dean, eyeing him with affection. \"But that was the reason I became content here as well.\" He reached over and held her hand, feeling deeply moved by what she'd said. She again thought back to when they'd first shown up. Dean was swimming around and having fun from the start. \"What if you'd come here alone somehow? What do you think your reaction would've been?\" Dean touched his chin. \"I think I would've been happy for the first few days…but I would've gotten pretty sad after that.\" Her eyes softened a little. \"It's like I said before, I would've just viewed this as some sort of punishment, instead of as a gift.\" He turned to her again. \"Having you here made all the difference, Em. You're the only reason I'm content in this place.\" Emma grinned brightly as she started to blush. She'd never heard Dean point that part out. \"I would've been perfectly fine if we'd actually left this island.\" He shrugged. \"You never know. We still could someday. It really doesn't matter where we live. What matters is that we live there together.\" Emma leaned toward Dean and wrapped her arm around him. Dean returned her affection as they watched the sun set.[Chapter 31] \"Family Affairs\" – Part One Emma lay on her back while looking up at the sky, beads of sweat running across her face. A number of pants flowed out of her mouth. Dean was crouching by her feet on the sand. As the bump in her stomach made a notable shift, Emma knew in her heart that this meant only one thing: she was about one minute away from giving birth to their baby. One year ago, following a memorable dream, she'd abandoned her hopes of ever having a child. She'd made herself believe that the matter was resolved. Unless she was dreaming again right now, her previous conclusions were obviously wrong. She felt another movement — more aggressive this time. She winced a little, and her eyes went wide. Emma recalled a passage from a parenting guide, one she'd opened up as a curious child. She remembered exactly what the book had said: \" You're about to begin the most emotional, defining journey of your life. Day after day, year after year, this will teach you who you are in ways that nothing else can.\" Emma quivered while applying those words to herself. She was seconds away from motherhood. Billions of women had embarked on this journey…and now she was about to begin it as well. She felt nervous and excited, all at once. She paused to wonder if she'd make a good parent — once again, at the very last minute. A series of questions flowed through her head, the same ones she'd found herself asking before. The first one concerned an old issue of hers: Could she manage her anger when the need arose? Emma was confident that the answer was yes . Her fiery outbursts had largely been tamed. She knew she'd be tested again at some point, but she wouldn't let anger get the better of her. The next question struck another personal chord: If she and Dean had a second baby someday, would each of the siblings feel equally loved? Emma knew what jealousy could do to a child. Her sister had felt it, and she had as well. It had taken several years for her and Stacey to bond — but that wouldn't be the case with any kids of her own. Each would get the same level of affection from the start. The final question felt deeply familiar; it was something she'd wondered for quite some time: Once their child knew about civilization, would the kid start longing to leave this place? Would they grow as frustrated as she once was? Ultimately, she didn't believe that they would. They'd surely grow curious about the world out there, but they'd view the island as where they belonged. Just before she could meditate further, Emma felt her stomach shifting again. This was it. The moment had come. She trembled while locking her gaze on Dean, who was fidgeting in place while rubbing her shins. Dean's chest was bare, and his brow was damp. His shaky stare was filled with panic. She sensed his tension, and raised her palm…assuring him that she was perfectly fine. She tried to be tough. She tried to be strong. But she found that she could only be human right now. A couple of tears slid down her cheeks. Tension covered her reddened face. Her eyes slammed shut, and her mouth went wide. An ongoing wail crept out of her throat. Dean couldn't stop his body from shaking. He took a deep breath, then rose a little. \"You can do this, Em. I'm right here,\" he stammered. Emma wailed on as her body quivered. \"The two of us have been through so much on this island. We're going to get through this as well.\" Emma's screaming simply continued. \"Push, Em…\" Dean pleaded. She went on wailing…but tightened her fists. \"Push!\" he said, eyes locked on her, the word breaking into a distorted echo. Emma heard the plea once, then heard it again. The world around her grew faint and hazy. Time slowed, and sound faded — her mouth widening, her fists shaking. She opened her eyes, and summoned all of her strength. Dean lowered his gaze…then froze in shock… And in the next few seconds, something wondrous happened. A third person arrived on the island — the child that was leaving her mother's body. Dean shivered in amazement while touching the baby. A brand new phase of his life was beginning. For the past eight years, he'd been many things: first a loner, then a listener, then a healer, and now a lover. He'd had a hard time envisioning himself as a father, but that was exactly what he'd just become. Dean eased the child into his grasp. He opened his mouth, but could find no words. Emma's eyes overflowed with tears and awe. The fabled journey had finally dawned. To her surprise, she wasn't nervous now. It felt like life had prepared her for this. She'd learned to be disciplined as Emma the daughter. She'd learned to be sensitive as Emma the sister. She'd learned to be affectionate as Emma the lover. And she'd need all of those traits as Emma the mother. \"Dean…\" she said, calling him gently. Dean looked up, eyeing her with love. Emma's stomach began to move again. \"I think there's another one coming,\" she said. Dean sprawled out on his side before Emma, watching her closely with a constant smile. \"What are you thinking about?\" she asked. \"Our very first night on this island,\" he said, recalling their conversation back then. \"Right now…I'm remembering that girl fiddling around with her little containers — and how I had no clue that she'd change my life.\" Dean eyed the fraternal twins in her arms, watching them both with unabashed affection. Then he shifted his gaze to the woman he loved, who'd now become the mother of his children. \"You are the most amazing woman I've ever met,\" he whispered. Emma narrowed her eyes and flashed a playful smile, cradling the girls as they wriggled about. A makeshift playpen sat at their side, but Emma hadn't come close to using it yet. The new mother felt filled with an incredible warmth. Her eyes glowed brightly amidst a soft little joy. If this was a dream, she wanted to sleep a bit longer. \"I don't know what I did to deserve you and these girls, but I'm happier now than I've ever been,\" she said. Dean crawled forth and held their older child. The girl slept quietly within his hands. Emma cradled their younger daughter, who was glancing about with drowsy eyes. The parents placed kisses on their children's heads, then turned and happily kissed each other. Emma walked through the tree house while stringing up ornaments, casting a glance at one of her three-year-old daughters. Lilli wore an outfit made from old white sheets, her fingers twirling her short blonde hair. Emma wondered sometimes if she was dreaming again. How had the past few years gone by so soon? She took a deep breath, and let out a sigh. If she was having a dream, then there was probably a reason. And if she was awake, then her dreams had come true. Either way, she felt incredibly gifted. Emma tightened her apron and flipped her ponytail back, her bare feet sinking into the leafy carpet. She recalled seeing Barbara sport this look long ago, and couldn't help but chuckle at the resemblance they shared. Emma totally felt like a mother right now. A soft little murmur cut through the silence, easing Emma right out of her trance. \"Can we go swimming later?\" Lilli asked all of a sudden, a hint of hope brimming within her gaze. Emma glanced at her, then turned back to her work, eyeing the ornaments with a tranquil smile. \"Yes. We can go swimming later.\" Emma thought of how often Lilli asked this question. \"You really like swimming, don't you?\" she mentioned. Lilli made a series of quick little nods. \"And racing and singing and dancing too.\" She felt it was best to note all of those things — just in case her mother had somehow forgotten. Then she paused a second, and looked Emma over, a bit of fascination creeping into her stare. \"Did you like to go swimming when you were growing up here?\" Emma grinned a tad, wriggling her nose. \"I didn't grow up here, Lilli,\" she murmured. \"Me and your dad grew up somewhere else.\" She remembered telling her children this story before. Lilli studied Emma with curious eyes. \"Was it fun living there?\" she quietly wondered. The young mother let out an amused little chuckle. \"Sometimes,\" she said, pulling a rope in a knot. \"But I didn't usually try to have fun back then. It didn't really fit into my schedule,\" she mumbled. She held silent a moment, brushing a hand on her chin. Then she turned around, and eyed the girl with a smile. \"But now that I'm here, with all of you…things are quite a bit different,\" she said. Emma crossed the floor and stood before her daughter. Lilli looked her over, pondering that. \"I guess we're both having fun now, Mommy,\" she uttered. Emma bent down and gave Lilli a hug, beaming softly as she closed her eyes. Dean knelt beside Sarah on the soft white sand. Their latest castle was almost done. \"So why are you so quiet today?\" he asked. Sarah held her eyes downward, calmly studying their work. \"I lost another race to Lilli,\" she mumbled. She ran a hand over her long brown hair, which was bundled up in the usual bun. \"She's getting better than me at everything,\" she announced. Dean grinned at her, suppressing a chuckle. \"You know that's not true,\" he calmly said. \"Both of you do a lot of things well.\" Dean refrained from getting specific. He wanted Sarah to come up with something herself. She glanced outward for a second, then looked down and held quiet. Dean calmly waited, studying his daughter. Moments later, her frown disappeared. \"You're right,\" she said, her voice rising a bit. \"I can do pretty good cartwheels,\" she noted. \"There you go.\" Dean nodded. \"You do great cartwheels.\" \"And I write good letters in the sand too, right?\" \"That you do,\" he said affirmatively. Sarah began to smile a little. \"See how talking about things can help you feel better? You shouldn't keep pain bottled up,\" he told her. Dean's gaze slowly drifted away. \"I used to do that sometimes when I was a kid.\" Sarah looked down at her twiddling fingers. \"When did you stop doing it?\" she wondered. Dean grinned again. \"When I met your mom.\" Hours later, Sarah exited the tree house and hopped down from the ladder, seeing the others laying about on the distant sand. She cupped both hands right around her mouth, searching for something playful to say. \"You people must love getting wet. You're about to get caught in the rain again.\" Emma glanced over at Sarah, then looked to the sky. Within a few moments, a steady drizzle had begun. The young mother smiled at her daughter's talent. She was getting pretty good at predicting the weather. As Sarah began climbing the ladder again, Dean cupped the back of Lilli's head. \"Go ahead inside with your sister, kiddo. Me and your mom will be there soon.\" About a minute later, Lilli scaled the ladder and bounced into the home. Sarah glanced up at her twin from the floor. \"I saw your castle,\" Lilli said. She paused a moment, then put her pride aside. \"I think it looks better than the one I made.\" Sarah winced in surprise, then quietly spoke. \"Thanks,\" she replied, warmly eyeing her sister. Lilli had a maturity that Sarah seemed to admire. \"What is it?\" Lilli asked amidst the silence. \"Nothing,\" Sarah calmly replied. Lilli stared, then shrugged a bit. \"You always say 'nothing' when it's really something,\" she said. \"Sometimes, you kinda keep things to yourself.\" As the twins finished up the last round of a game, Emma rose from the floor and rubbed both their heads. A familiar statement left her mouth. \"You two get ready for bed,\" she said sweetly. Just before the girls could step away, Emma embraced both amidst a playful grin. Dean looked on with an affectionate stare, taking a moment to admire the family he'd gained. After the kids had fallen asleep, Dean and Emma began cuddling beneath their cover. Both grinned in silence, simply watching the other. Then they drew each other close, and shared a loving kiss.[Chapter 32] \"Family Affairs\" — Part Two \"Mommy?\" Lilli murmured. \"Yeah?\" Emma said. The little girl shifted a bit on her cot. \"Are we ever going to the other place?\" Emma brushed back a lock, looking a little confused. \"The place where you and Daddy used to live?\" Emma smiled a bit, then looked down at her work. \"I'm afraid not,\" she answered, folding a small white shirt. \"Why are you so curious about that place lately?\" Lilli licked her lips, throwing a glance at the floor. \"You said that you used to try going there all the time.\" Emma grinned warmly at her daughter's memory. \"I guess I was kinda wondering why.\" Emma looked toward the window, a breeze ruffling her hair. \"I usually wanted to go back for a couple of reasons. I missed having a family, and I missed chasing my dreams.\" She tossed a sweet look at her daughter again. \"But now I've got a new family…and I've got new dreams.\" Emma paused while picturing those very visions. \"I want to watch you and your sister grow up. I want to see the two of you become strong women.\" Sarah bent down beside her latest sand castle, making little adjustments as she moved about. \"Has she been at it all morning?\" Emma asked, sitting with Dean as they watched from afar. \"That she has,\" Dean replied, wrapping an arm around Emma's back. Emma chuckled a bit, eyeing the girl with a grin. \"Kid sure likes being by herself, it appears.\" She leaned her head against Dean's strong chest. \"I think we know where she gets that from.\" Dean blushed, making a shy little giggle. \"She's got a good deal of you in her too.\" Emma lifted an eyebrow, glancing up in surprise. \"Haven't you noticed?\" Dean asked. \"Every castle she builds is bigger than the last. I think she likes setting goals…and achieving them.\" Emma paused a moment — then smiled again. A slow wave of excitement swept over her face, and she began studying Sarah with a great deal of affection. One minute later, Sarah saw a shadow creeping over her spot. She cast her gaze upward, and spotted her mother. \"Hey, kiddo,\" Emma said. \"Can I help you with that?\" Sarah blushed, and simply nodded in silence. Then she broke into a smile as Emma hugged her deeply. \"What was that for?\" the little girl giggled. \"For being adorable,\" Emma replied. She placed a quick kiss on Sarah's head, then sprawled out a bit as they constructed the castle. Emma snuggled with Dean while looking up at the stars, their discarded clothes laying about on the sand. Sarah and Lilli were sleeping up in the tree house, which now had a door, with a bell that was found. Emma planted a smooch on Dean's sleeping face, then looked back to the sky with a calm expression. Lilli awakened to a bright new day, finding that Sarah was already up. \"Hey,\" she said. Sarah nodded at her. Lilli stretched out a little, throwing a glance at the window. Emma and Dean were making everyone's breakfast. She let out a yawn, then moved toward the door. Sarah hesitated, her mouth hanging open. \"…Want to go swimming later?\" she quietly offered, letting her gaze inch across the floor. Lilli flinched, curiously eyeing her sister. She appeared to be wondering if she'd heard things right. \"Seriously?\" she said, using a word she'd picked up. \"Don't you want to spend the day by yourself, or something?\" Sarah shrugged, interlocking her fingers. Lilli's lips parted, then she blushed a little. \"O-Okay.\" She nodded. \"If you want to.\" Sarah brushed back her hair, then moved across the floor. Both sisters smiled while walking out together.[Chapter 33] \"Family Affairs\" — Part Three Emma stood by the coast and held her gaze on the waves, her large baby bump reaching out toward the shore. A calm wind lifted her short ponytail, the rest of her hair hanging down her shoulders. Lilli and Sarah were crawling about on the beach, barely interacting while they played in the sand. As a brand new chapter of her life drew near, Emma found herself pausing to reflect once again. She recalled what her dreams back in high school had been: she would get through law school, go to work as a judge, and spend year after year toiling away in a courtroom. That was her vision. That was her plan. But things didn't always go according to plan. It appeared that her path had gone according to fate. She had very little doubt about her fate right now: she was meant to live her life on this island with Dean. And it seemed they were meant to build a family as well. Unless, of course, her suspicions were correct, and she happened to be having a dream again. Emma couldn't help but question that sometimes. Everything seemed to be happening so fast. Just as she was about to continue her thoughts, she stumbled in place, lifting a hand to her stomach… Moments later, Emma spoke with a stammer. \"Girls…\" she said, throwing a tense gaze about. \"I need you to go and get Daddy, all right?\" Sarah and Lilli eyed their mom in surprise. Each of them noticed the shake in her voice. \"Tell him that it's time,\" Emma said, knowing she was about to give birth again. Dean sat down beside his two-year-old son, watching a breeze ruffle his short brown hair. Both were bare-chested, and donned in shorts. He handed the boy a small coconut shell, and the pair leaned backward while sipping their water. 10 seconds later, William glanced at the woods. \"Are we going back out there to get more sticks?\" \"We're pausing to take a break now,\" Dean said. William relaxed — then looked back up. His voice grew eager as he eyed the trees. \"When will the break be over?\" he asked. Dean chuckled, shaking his head. \"You're a workaholic…like your grandpa was.\" A calm little smile spread over his face. \"What's a workaholly?\" William asked. \"A person who's always looking to work.\" William glanced down and studied his knees. \"I want to do nice things for people,\" he muttered. \"For Mommy, Lilli, Sarah…and you.\" Dean's smile grew a bit brighter now. He paused while eyeing his son with affection. \"You work all the time because you like to help others.\" He brushed a slow hand across William's head. \"I'm getting real proud of you, kid,\" he added. William stared at the sand, trying to hide his smile. Lilli and Sarah crawled about on the beach, quietly working on a new sand castle. Every time Lilli ran into a problem, Sarah provided a welcome solution. \"Like this,\" Sarah uttered, demonstrating technique. \"…Thanks,\" Lilli told her, seeing a notable difference. Sarah nodded a little and continued her work. One minute later, Lilli ended the silence. \"I like it when we do stuff together like this.\" Sarah held quiet, then calmly spoke up. \"I do too,\" she had to admit. A slow blush crept across Lilli's face. \"How come we don't do things like this all the time?\" Sarah began to grow shier now. \"When we were littler…\" She hesitated. \"I wanted Mommy and Daddy to like me better than you.\" Lilli opened her lips while glancing up at her twin. \"But Mommy said I was wasting my time. She told me she'd never like either of us more.\" Lilli's look of surprise began fading now. \"I heard Daddy say the same thing,\" she mentioned. Sarah paused again, quietly eyeing her sister, then shrugged her shoulders and looked aside. \"I don't want to be better than you anymore. I don't really think I like fighting,\" she mumbled. Lilli shook her head. \"I don't either.\" Sarah stared back, watching Lilli with fondness. Just then, the twins' little brother appeared. \"Can I help with the castle?\" he politely asked. \"Sure,\" Lilli said, giving William his space. Hours later, Dean, Emma, and each of their children were sprawled about around a gentle fire. The group was playing the 'um' game tonight. \"Name five fruits,\" Dean said with a smile, shifting his gaze to William now. William paused, then looked to the stars. \"Bananas…apples…pears…um…\" Everyone chuckled. \"You said 'um,' \" Lilli teased. A nodding Emma turned her stare to Sarah. \"Name four things that your sister does well.\" Sarah responded with confidence. \"Swimming, fishing…\" She flattened her lips. \"…Um…\" All of the others chuckled again. Once the game had reached its end, the group went inside, and got ready for bed. Emma grinned while tucking William in. \"Did you have fun earlier on with Daddy today?\" William nodded, his voice going low. \"He can do strong things that I can't do.\" He frowned a tad. \"I should have helped him more.\" She giggled at his passion for working hard. \"Know your limits,\" she calmly said. \"What does that mean?\" he meekly uttered. \"You can't always do what you're trying to do.\" She rubbed his hair. \"And you know something? That's okay . Sometimes you just have to be proud of what you can do well.\" He paused a moment, then slowly nodded. \"You can show me some of those things tomorrow, all right?\" Emma placed a kiss on her son's forehead, then stepped away after he'd fallen asleep. Emma lay on her side while gazing up at the ceiling, part of her hair fastened back in a clip. The kids were sleeping by the opposite wall, each of them nestled in cots and covers. Dean dozed off while rubbing her feet, his gentle hand still holding one. She brushed a thumb over her thoughtful face, pausing to remember her childhood. Simply put, she'd grown from a normal girl in a modern house, to a jungle mother in a brown tree hut. She nodded a bit, letting a calm thought come. So this is it... she said in her mind. This is the life that I'm destined for. And Emma was satisfied with that. She'd never really settled in back in the city. She was always looking at the road ahead. That wasn't the case on the island, however. She'd actually come to like where she was. She'd said this to Dean after a few months here, and it was still true now, all these many years later. Her heart had longed for the past at times, but she'd never swap that for what she'd gained in the present. She treasured her husband, her beautiful children, and the fun bonding moments that all of them shared. She cherished the island, the crashing waves, and the constant massage of the sand on her toes. While living here, she'd grown content — and from that truth, she'd reached a conclusion: this peaceful little land truly was her home. In a figurative sense, it always had been. And in reality, it always would be. Emma crawled downward, taking Dean in her arms. He briefly awakened, eyeing her with a grin. They quietly chatted and shared a few kisses, then Dean drifted off to sleep once more. Emma smiled while stroking his hair, lifting her eyes to the ceiling again. Her thoughts moved back to the day they'd arrived, when she'd wondered exactly where this journey would lead. She'd never expected a happily-ever-after, but it seemed she'd actually gotten one. And if she hadn't, this was close enough.[Chapter 34] \"Family Affairs\" — Part Four \"If we could leave right now…do you think we would?\" Emma lifted an eyebrow and turned to Dean, asking him to repeat the question. \"Let's say a boat drifted up on the shore today, and the crew could take us back to civilization.\" Dean sprawled out on the sand beside her. \"Would we gather up the children and leave this island?\" Emma closed her eyes and stroked her brow, holding quiet a moment as she pondered that thought. Then she let out a sigh, and looked toward the water. \"Being a parent means putting your child first.\" Dean nodded, running a hand on her knee. \"This is the only home our kids have ever known. If we took it away…\" Emma had to pause. \"Well, we both know how tough it is to go through a change like that…even when you're with someone you love.\" She reached down and touched Dean's hand. After about a minute, she spoke again. \"I guess my answer is no. I don't believe we'd choose to leave.\" Dean began stroking Emma's fingers. \"What if we had a phone here, and you could call your mother? What if she wanted you to come back?\" Emma hesitated, then spoke softly. \"I guess I'd have to tell her the same thing I've told you. As a parent, I need to do what's best for our children…and what's best for our children is to keep them here.\" Dean watched Emma with admiring eyes. Emma smiled at him, then placed a kiss on his lips. A little later, Emma strode by Dean as they walked on the beach, steadily moving in opposite directions. \"I think you need to have that talk with our daughters.\" \"On it. I think you need to have that talk with our son.\" \"Deal.\" The two slapped hands while continuing their strides. Within moments, Emma was crouching before William while rubbing his shoulders. \"So. I heard that you couldn't get all the work done today, and that you and Daddy will have to finish it tomorrow.\" William nodded slowly, holding his stare on the ground. \"Are you feeling like you let everyone down somehow?\" He nodded again, keeping his small mouth closed. \"When I was a kid, I thought I had to do everything 'perfectly' too.\" He lifted his head, looking a tad surprised. \"But the truth is, I was wrong about that.\" She stroked his face. \"It's good that you want to help your family…but you've got to stop being a workaholic, William. You've got to learn to loosen up — just like I did.\" William watched her in silence, then straightened himself. \"Okay, Mommy,\" he quietly said. Emma grinned, wrapping her arms around him. \"So how did the talk with Sarah and Lilli go?\" Emma swung both feet into Dean's strong hands. \"Pretty well,\" Dean said, giving her a massage. \"They smiled and went back to playing together.\" He quietly chuckled. \"I have this strange feeling that we'll have a new issue to deal with next week, though.\" Emma giggled a little, looking up at the sky. \"I guess that's parenthood.\" Dean grinned as well. \"I guess it is.\"[Chapter 35] \"Family Affairs\" — Part Five Lilli sat by her mother on the sandy coast, gazing outward at the endless sea. The twins had now reached the age of 14; William was a sporty 10-year-old. Lilli stood up and clenched her fists, her blonde hair fluttering about in the breeze. \"We've got to do it.\" She studied the water. \"We've got to leave this place and reach your city somehow.\" Emma glanced off while rolling her eyes. \"That's crazy talk, Lil.\" She chuckled a bit. \"How many times have we had this discussion?\" A wave of frustration entered Lilli's stare. \"Why do you always brush this off?\" \"Because I've already told you that it just can't happen.\" Emma stroked her temple — then her smile went away. \"This is what I was dreading on the day you were born. I was afraid that you and Sarah would become like me , that you'd become the person who I used to be...always looking to the future, discontent with the present.\" Lilli bent down and looked Emma in the eyes. \"Your mother told you to dream big and go far — which is just what you did while you were my age. You made plans. You set goals. What's wrong with me wanting to do that too?\" \"My situation was entirely different. I had greater opportunities than you do now.\" She took Lilli's hands. \"I know that you're at that age when kids get ambitious, but this isn't a place where we can dream big. This isn't a place where we can go far.\" The girl's stare became moody. \"So what is it then? A place where we're supposed to sit around all day?\" \"No.\" Emma frowned defensively. \"This is a place where we can have fun . Where we can bond with each other. Where we can do some exploring every once in a while — both on the island, and within ourselves. This is where we can learn to let go of the things we don't have, and come to appreciate what we do.\" Lilli pulled away. \"I do appreciate what I have.\" She stormed off in a huff. \"But there's nothing wrong with me wanting more.\" Sarah leaned down and tapped William's shoulder, her long brown hair pulled up in a bun. \"Come on,\" she muttered. \"I need a little manpower.\" He rolled his eyes, then flexed his broadening arms. \"What are you up to this time?\" he whined. Sarah had become quite the handy-girl. She didn't limit herself to sand castles anymore. These days, she was constructing pool floats, play swings, long hammocks, work tools, and a variety of other things she could make in her sleep. \"I've been studying the tree house,\" Sarah revealed. \"I think I've finally figured out just how it was made.\" William hesitated, rubbing his short brown hair. \"I'm afraid to ask, but how do I fit into this?\" \"I've found some similar logs in the forest. I need your help collecting them.\" William sighed. \"Come on, you used to love going out to gather stuff when you were little.\" \"That was before you got a million ideas in your head.\" He rolled his shoulders and flashed a pouty smile. \"Lead the way, my brilliant sister.\" Lilli sat cross-legged while eyeing the sand. \"I remember some of the stories you've told me,\" she murmured. \"When you were around my age...you weren't always content with the life you had. There were times when you wanted a change , right?\" Dean giggled a bit while stroking his chin. \"I mean, that's why you were so happy to come here...right?\" \"Kind of.\" She shifted a little. \"Well it's the same for me.\" \"It's not the same, Lilli. I was feeling lonely. I was feeling depressed. You don't have reason to feel that way, kiddo.\" \"I'm not depressed over the present. I'm...\" She flashed another long frown, then picked herself up. \"No one seems to understand what I'm saying.\" She spun around and marched away. \"Wait a minute,\" Dean said. \"It's not that I don't understand, I just...\" Lilli pushed on, seeing Sarah approach. She stormed past her sister without a word. Sarah glanced backward, watching Lilli's sprint. She shook her head for a second, then looked toward Dean. \"Me and William are working on something. Can you help us gather things from the woods?\" \"Sure,\" he said, popping up on the sand. A little later, Lilli approached her sister alone on the beach. Sarah was measuring rope and wood, her calm eyes firmly fixed on her work. Lilli plopped down across from her. \"So I've been thinking about trying to leave this island...\" Sarah continued her tasks, offering no response. \"And I just thought...maybe you could help me build a boat or something.\" Sarah glanced up, eyeing her sister plainly, then lowered her gaze to her work again. Lilli began looking a little tense. \"You wouldn't have to actually travel in it. I'll go out on my own, and bring back help.\" Sarah sighed. \"Don't you remember that story they told us? Remember what happened when they tried that before?\" \"Yeah, but you're way better than they are at building things.\" \"It doesn't matter. A raft won't hold up in those waters, and even if it does, there's no guarantee of finding people out there.\" Lilli moaned. \"Come on, sis. We've got to have faith. We have to try.\" Sarah gathered her pieces and stood. \"If you want to do this, you're doing it without me. I'm not going to help you kill yourself.\" She turned around and walked away. Lilli held her head and released a sigh. \"Lilli,\" Emma said, giving her daughter a shake. Lilli awakened with drowsy eyes. \"Come on.\" Emma smiled. \"We've got a surprise for you.\" The girl looked utterly bewildered now. She slowly rose and followed her mother. Once they'd arrived in a wide green field, Lilli paused to marvel at the sights before her. Several squares of bamboo were lined up on the grass, each of them about only three feet tall. They looked a little like playpens, only quite a bit bigger. A few other constructs were scattered about, most in the shapes of tents and circles. Dean was standing in the center of them all. Sarah and William were present as well. Lilli glanced at Emma, then turned back to the others. \"I don't understand. What is this?\" Emma grinned. \"Since we can't take you to a city, we're bringing a city to you. These are the foundations for some huts that we're building. It was Sarah's idea.\" Lilli gazed forward, eyeing Sarah in awe. She got a look of calmly affection in return. \"I was surprised too,\" Emma giggled. \"But I guess I shouldn't have been. You've been talking about cities for so long now. Looks like you'll finally get a chance to walk around in one.\" She eyed the constructs with glee. \"I'm excited about this myself.\" Emma shifted her loving gaze to Sarah, who watched her mother with a similar warmth. Lilli stepped forth, and joined the others. \"This is...\" Her words trailed off as she looked around. \"This is going to be great.\" She fixed her eyes on Sarah again. \"Thank you,\" she said, her calm smile quivering. Sarah nodded. \"You're welcome.\" Lilli turned to William and Dean. \"Thank you too.\" She faced Emma. \"Thank you all — not just for this...\" Her shy gaze fell to the ground. \"Thanks for everything else.\" Dean wrapped an arm around Emma. \"Everything else?\" Lilli looked back up at them. \"Thanks for being family. Thanks for being friends.\" She let her soft smile linger a bit. \"Whether we finish this village or not, thanks for making the present worth living in.\"[Chapter 36] \"Family Affairs\" — Part Six William plopped down beside Lilli and Sarah, helping them finish their latest castle. Emma sat right behind Dean on the sand, rubbing his shoulders as they watched from afar. \"If all of us were living in civilization, what kinds of careers would the kids pursue?\" Dean lifted an eyebrow, then flashed a smile. \"Lilli would be a successful swimmer, Sarah would work as an architect...and William...\" Dean paused, stroking his chin. \"I think he'd have two careers,\" she said. \"Being the athletic guy that he is, he might pursue soccer, or something like that.\" She brushed a hand over Dean's brown curls. \"And being the sensitive guy that he is, he'd probably work as a therapist too.\" Dean giggled, nodding a bit. His stare grew soft as he watched the kids. \"I'd love to see all that,\" he said. \"I'd like to watch them reach their goals, regardless of what those goals might be.\" She grinned and leaned her head on Dean's. \"I mean, it's not something that I long for, it'd simply be nice.\" He looked the children over. \"Either way, I'm proud of the kids no matter what.\" \"Me too,\" she muttered, watching all three. \"Sarah's so receptive to the people around her. Lilli's so patient when her sister needs space. And I'm proud of our son for his compassionate nature.\" Dean held quiet. He could say no more. \"And I'm proud of you, Dean,\" Emma continued. \"I'm glad that you've instilled those values in them.\" Dean flinched, then turned around. \"Come again? I though that you were the one who handled that.\" Emma chuckled. \"They look up to you.\" \"Well they definitely look up to their mother too.\" He held her hand. \"You've done just as much parenting as I have, Em.\" She beamed sweetly while cupping his face. Then she lifted her gaze to the sights before her. \"I guess we've created all we have together — our son, our daughters, our home...\" She crouched and drew Dean close again. \"And all that we have began with our love.\"[Chapter 37] \"Family Affairs\" — Part Seven Emma woke up slowly within Dean's arms, seeing a gentle wave hit the shore before them. \"You were talking in your sleep,\" he quietly noted. \"You kept saying 'William,' 'Lilli,' and 'Sarah.' \" Emma froze in surprise, feeling a little confused. She turned and stared at the brown tree house. A sliver of light shined down on the building. Had the births of their children simply been a dream — or were all of the kids huddled up in that home? Emma thought about asking Dean for a second, and then decided she wanted to see for herself. \"Walk with me.\" She took Dean's hand. \"I've got to have you with me for this.\" Emma smiled a little as their trip began. Her heart was filled with a newfound hope. If the kids were real, she couldn't wait to see them. And if they weren't born yet, she sensed she'd meet them one day. Dean could feel her excitement rising. He followed her gaze to the house in the trees. Emma searched the beach for any small footprints, but couldn't even manage to pinpoint her own. The sand was quite scattered and messy right now. As the ladder to the tree house began to grow nearer, Emma took a slow breath, then let it out with a sigh. Every time she'd dreamed about having children, it felt like she'd traveled to another dimension. If it turned out that she wasn't a mother right now, those stories would still have a place in her heart. She didn't know if the children were actually real, but her love for Dean was, and it always would be. Her stare began drifting away from the building, and she found it settling on him again. She slowed a little as their gazes met. \"What happened to the big, meaningful stride?\" He grinned at her, gently rubbing her hand. Emma grinned back, then murmured shyly. \"Before we go up there, I want to say something.\" Dean nodded, watching her with affection. \"No matter what…\" She tossed a glance at the tree house. \"I'm never going to be unhappy or unsatisfied with what we've built together.\" Dean definitely knew that he wouldn't either. She pulled him close, and placed a kiss on his cheek. Moments afterward, she paused while gripping a rung on the ladder, then reached upward and began her ascent.[Chapter 38] \"You Have To Grow Up Someday\" \"How are you feeling?\" Dean asked, running a hand along Emma's back. \"I'll be all right,\" Emma replied, staring calmly at her lap. He held her close, and tapped his head against hers. \"We might actually have a kid one day, you know?\" She recalled the last occasion on which they'd had this talk, and noticed a difference in her mood this time. She held quiet a moment, then smiled at him. \"I know,\" Emma said, leaning into his arms. \"I've actually come to believe that now.\" Emma stared out at the dancing waters. \"In my dream, we had three children, and one was a boy.\" Dean nodded in response while listening on, recalling her tales about each of the kids. \"I keep thinking, 'What if that happened in reality?' What if I had children of both genders? And what if I had three?\" Emma paused. \"Would I become a more experienced mother than…her?\" Dean lifted an eyebrow. \"Than who?\" he wondered. Emma licked her lips. \"Than my own mother,\" she said. He narrowed his eyes, watching her closely. \"A more experienced mother…or a better one?\" She lowered her gaze to her twiddling fingers. \"Is that the real reason you want kids, Em?\" He wrapped a comforting arm around her. \"Are you trying to prove that you can do a better job than your mom?\" Emma paused a moment while considering that question. \"No,\" she answered, speaking quietly. \"I've got nothing but love for my mother now. This isn't about my old issues with her. This is only about my feelings for you.\" She snuggled a little bit closer to Dean. He placed a soft kiss atop her temple. \"It's about all the things that I've imagined and dreamed of.\" She ran her gaze across the beach. \"I think that this would be a fun place for a kid — even though they couldn't do all the stuff that we got to do growing up.\" \"Like what?\" he asked, wanting to hear her childhood memories. \"Taking a trip to a toy store.\" She grinned. Dean chuckled while recalling that experience himself. \"What about you?\" Emma wondered. She suddenly realized that they'd never talked much about this. \"Besides soccer, tell me about another special memory of yours.\" \"Christmas break and spring break,\" Dean said with a smile. \"I always got excited whenever those came around.\" Emma slowly nodded. \"Me too,\" she concurred. Dean felt a giddy little warmth in his heart. \"There was a time when I never wanted my childhood to end. Of course, my dad always reminded me that I'd have to grow up someday.\" His voice got softer. \"And maybe he was right.\" Emma grew curious. \"What do you mean 'maybe?' \" Dean glanced around at the familiar island. \"You and me…we didn't get to grow up the way that other people do. We didn't have civilization to complete the process.\" Emma went quiet as those words sank in. \"I know that we're officially adults now, but do you actually feel like one, or do you still feel like a teenager?\" After a brief bit of silence, she quietly spoke up. \"I think I feel like a little of both,\" she admitted. \"But most of the time, I feel like an adult.\" Emma turned her head to him. \"The fact is, we have grown up on this island, Dean. We didn't need civilization in order to mature.\" Dean smiled again while holding her close. \"We accomplished that on our own, by being there for each other.\"[Chapter 39] \"Daybreak\" Several Years Ago A freshly made fire danced about on the beach, where a pair of quiet teens knelt face to face. Their hands were joined, and their chests were close. Both watched the other with a look of longing. \"Em…\" Dean whispered. \"Are you sure?\" She steadied her gaze onto Dean's calm eyes…then pulled his lips over hers again. Moments later, their clothes were strewn on the sand. As their first night of lovemaking began to progress, Emma could feel a certain tenderness within Dean's touch. His naked body rested right atop hers, and he was facing the ground as she watched the stars. His eyes were closed, and he held perfectly quiet, as though this moment meant more than he'd been letting on, as though a special dream had come true at last. Emma sensed that this affection hadn't begun on the island; this had to date back to their time as students. Either way, it wasn't just about passion, but something deeper. He hadn't been longing for her body, he'd been longing for her heart. She brushed her hand across the back of Dean's head, closing her mouth as she pulled him close. She was glad that Dean had felt something in school — because she'd certainly felt something for him as well. She'd never entirely figured it out, but he'd caught her eye, and captured her thoughts. She couldn't help but wonder about the handsome stranger. There were so many subjects swimming around in her head: his home, his family, his interests, his dreams. Was her quiet classmate truly hollow inside, or was there more to his heart than she could ever imagine? She'd been asking that question for what felt like a while — and it had finally been answered during their time together. As another memory of the city arrived, Emma closed her eyes, and forgot where she was. But she didn't forget just who she was with. The Present Emma and Dean lounged about on the beach, holding all four of their hands together. She grinned while drawing him close to her, then leaned backward and swayed in place. \"What were you expecting when we showed up here?\" She still couldn't believe how far they'd come, and wondered if Dean felt as moved as she did. \"I thought we'd get rescued in a few days or so.\" He eyed the sand while recalling that period. \"After I realized we'd be here a while, I didn't know how to react at first. I just knew that we'd have to get used to it.\" Emma looked about, smiling at their surroundings. \"I'm very used to it now,\" she said. \"I think I've reached that point that we talked about once. I think I want to stay here, instead of going back to the city.\" \"Really?\" he asked, looking deeply surprised. Emma decided to modify her statement. \"What I mean is…I'd be glad if we could see our families again, but I think I'd want them to visit us here.\" Dean laughed a little. \"And how would that work, exactly?\" \"I don't know,\" Emma said with a chuckle. \"It's simply what I'd prefer at present. I'm not a city girl anymore. I'm an island girl now.\" Dean smiled and drew her close again. \"Then I guess that makes me an island boy.\" Emma cuddled up on the sand with Dean, pausing to nuzzle her nose against his. \"I read this book about parenting when I was little. It said that motherhood would be the most emotional, defining journey of my life.\" She let her stare wander off for a moment. \"I guess that's true for some people, but I know that I'm already on that journey.\" Dean lifted an eyebrow, holding quiet. \"The most emotional, defining journey of my life is the time that I've spent right here with you.\" Emma let her calm grin linger on Dean. He returned her affection, then leaned in closer. The two shared a long and passionate kiss, then simply relaxed in each other's embrace. As the sun began rising over the bright blue water, they could see that a brand new day was beginning, and even now, after so much time, both felt excited to spend the day together.[Chapter 40] \"When Did You Start Loving Me?\" Dean mounted Emma as she sprawled on her back, both laying nude within their dark tree house. Their lips met, and they closed their eyes, their bodies nuzzling against each other. He lifted his head, then began a descent, his mouth moving gently across her chest. She noticed that his kisses were coming in pairs. After one arrived, another would follow. He'd give her a soft little peck at first — and then a longer smooch in the very same place. Emma always knew what this affection meant. It meant that he adored her. It meant that he loved her. She recalled the first time Dean had kissed her this way. The memory was still fairly clear in her mind. It was back when they'd talked about losing virginity, which seemed like a pretty long time ago. Emma grew curious while considering that. Dean's level of affection was the same on that day. Had he already fallen in love with her then? Several Years Ago Emma relaxed beneath the soothing sun, feeling Dean's naked frame crawling right atop hers. His kisses arrived in twos, she noted. The first was brief, and the second was slow. They were deeply affectionate, almost reverential, and she found herself reacting to everything he did. She closed her eyes as he kissed her cheek, adoring the tenderness within his touch. She opened her mouth as he cherished her breasts, swooning in silence while he touched her there. She stilled her body as he ravished her thighs, liking the feel of his face on her leg. She arched her knees as he reached her ankles, letting his lips soothe the spots around her toes. And she stroked his hair as he crawled back up, drawing his chest upon hers again. It didn't take long for her to reach a conclusion: Dean McMullen was a wonderful lover. As he entered her, and they found their rhythm, Emma held her eyes closed while frowning in heat. She frowned not in pain, but in absolute bliss, utterly embracing the thrill she'd discovered. To her surprise, it was enhanced by the freedom of being nude outdoors. After their bodies had quivered in pleasure, they paused to look upon one another. Then they nuzzled their noses, and shared a kiss. They always took the time to add a smooch, she noticed. Making out was nothing new to them, but it seemed to mean more at this particular moment. The kiss afterward was the interesting part. It was a way of celebrating what they'd found together, a way of telling each other that it wasn't all about passion. The Present \"Dean?\" Emma whispered as they cuddled in the dark, their unclothed bodies in a state of rest. \"Yeah,\" he murmured drowsily. A late-night shower was falling now, pelting the tree house with a quiet rain. \"When did you start loving me?\" Emma asked in a curious tone. \"The day I first laid eyes on you,\" Dean replied rather casually. Emma grinned while watching a wall. \"Seriously. When was it?\" she wondered. \"You don't remember the night I told you?\" \"Of course I do. I'll never forget that.\" Emma quietly swooned a moment. \"I guess I'm just wondering when you told yourself.\" Dean quieted, thinking back. Then he smiled a little as the answer arrived. \"To love someone is to know someone.\" He paused a second. \"I sound like a 'doctor' on one of those radio shows.\" Emma giggled. \"Anyway. A couple of days come to mind: the day I realized that I might love you…and the day I knew that I loved you for sure.\" Dean gave her a squeeze. \"Which one do you want to hear about first?\" Emma smiled again. \"The former,\" she answered. \"Is it a day I might remember?\" Several Years Ago Dean sat beside Emma as Emma slept, sunlight drifting across her face. Earlier on, she'd announced that she'd lost her virginity to him, and Dean had felt more touched than he could possibly say. He still couldn't believe that all of this was real. He was living on a beach with Emma Robinson — the girl who'd always had a plan. The girl who seemed to stand out from her pack. The girl who he'd long had a little crush on. Dean lifted her hand, and kissed it softly. As his eyes glided down to Emma's stomach, a crazy idea came into his mind: he almost wished that there was a baby in there. Dean winced a little, then shook his head. He wondered why he'd even entertained that thought. Did he see himself being with Emma long-term? Did he want her to be his one and only? He licked his lips and took a breath. Then he steadied his gaze on Emma again. He wasn't quite sure that he loved her yet — but he had a good feeling that he could someday. The Present Emma listened as Dean finished the end of the tale. \"And the rest is history,\" he said. \"The more I got to know you, the more I got to love you.\" She brushed her fingers across his face. \"I started loving you for sure around the same time that I told you, Em.\" A bit of silence lingered between them. \"Were you hoping it was sooner?\" \"No,\" she said. \"I was curious at first…but I think it's nice that it happened then.\" Emma beamed and held his hand. \"Because that was when I fell in love with you too.\"[Chapter 41] \"Meant To Be\" Dean bobbed behind Emma in the dark blue water, rubbing her shoulders as she lay on the float. Emma's sleepy eyes began drifting shut. Dean bent forth and placed a kiss on her nose. He eased his hands down to her thighs and knees, then brought the massage to her ankles and feet. He kept on rubbing once she'd fallen asleep, hoping that she could still feel it off in her dreams. He found himself smiling as he watched Emma's face. He'd never loved any person on Earth more than he loved her. Emma found herself standing on a small green hill. A quiet footstep sounded off behind her. She turned around, then froze in surprise. \"Dad?\" she uttered, eyeing him in awe. Phil stood before her in a T-shirt and jeans, his usual outfit during trips to the park. \"Hey, kiddo,\" he said with a grin. Emma could sense that she was dreaming now, but quickly found that she didn't care. She began moving forward to embrace her father… Then she stopped in her tracks, and looked herself over. \"What's the matter?\" Phil wondered. Emma noticed that she was wearing a designer suit. She stared at the ground, and smiled a little. \"This reminds me of a fantasy I had, back when I was a kid.\" He folded his arms. \"Tell me about it.\" Emma brushed back her hair a little. \"Growing up, I used to dream about working in a prestigious courtroom — then meeting you for lunch in some fancy outfit.\" She wore a shy smile, glancing off to the side. \"You never got to see me reach my goals in life. I wanted to make you proud of me.\" Phil quieted while studying her for a moment. Then he lowered his gaze, and chuckled a bit. Emma recognized this old habit of his. \"Parents grow proud for various reasons,\" he said. \"But for the most part, kiddo, it's not about what you become, it's about who you are.\" Phil walked over and placed a hand on her shoulder. \"And you know I was proud of that, right?\" She slowly nodded, then wrapped her arms around him. He stroked her head and returned the hug. Emma awakened on the sand, looking off to her side. Dean was sleeping soundly in a spot beside her. The float was laying farther up along the beach. She let herself smile while thinking back on her dream. After taking a good deal of time to reflect, she cuddled closer to Dean, and closed her eyes once more. Emma sprawled out beneath the morning sun, laying naked on her stomach as she watched the waves. Dean crawled above her, nude as well, placing a kiss atop her round bare bottom. As more kisses followed in the very same place, Emma couldn't help but smirk a bit. She wished that some of her old friends could see Dean right now, the ones who'd voiced their many fantasies about him. Despite the amount of time since then, she figured she'd still be the envy of some of those girls. Dean moved upward and held her close, his loose locks mingling within her own. They both relaxed, laying still on their bellies. Emma smiled again, letting her stare drift off. She hoped that Dean's old admirers had found guys of their own, and if they hadn't, she hoped that they would. Either way, she knew that Dean hadn't been meant for anyone else. He was only meant to be with her.[Chapter 42] \"Dear Emma\" \"Dean?\" Emma murmured as they cuddled by the shore. \"Hmm?\" he asked, watching the sky turn pink. Her face shifted into a curious stare. \"Did you ever write anyone a love letter back in the city?\" Dean chuckled a little at the thought of that. \"Never,\" he said, sounding proud of his answer. Emma responded with a playful look. \"What? You think that love letters are icky?\" He shrugged a bit, letting his calm grin linger. Emma rose up, gazing down at him. \"What if you'd written one to me back then?\" She paused while feeling her insides tingle. \"What do you think it would've said?\" Dean turned away, still looking amused. As the memories of those days started coming back, he noticed that his hand was stroking his chin. Amidst the long moments of silence that followed, his face grew serious as he pondered the question. Emma watched him with a curious smile. \"Okay…give me a minute,\" he replied. It actually took 10 before he could answer. When Dean turned back, he was eyeing her meekly. Emma noticed a shyness within his stare, one that she hadn't really seen since their days in school. She let her smile fade and wore a sensitive face, trying to comfort Dean as best she could. Dean murmured, speaking softly and calmly. \"I think I would've said… \" 'Dear Emma. \" 'You're probably the most driven person I've ever met in my life — even though we haven't really met each other. \" 'I think it's nice that you seem so focused on the future. I just wish that I could see you having fun in the present. \" 'It's hard to describe what I mean by that, but if I ever saw you laughing, dancing, or even swimming a little, and it really looked like you were having a good time, I think I'd take a moment to just stop and stare. \" 'I want to see how you look when you're enjoying yourself, and I really hope that I will one day. \" 'Sincerely, \" 'Someone Who Watches You Sometimes.' \" Emma's face broke into a warm little frown. She pulled Dean close, and placed a kiss on his lips. \"You get to see that all the time now.\" She grinned. \"Because you're the one who makes it happen.\"[Chapter 43] \"Dear Dean\" Emma rose from her seat as Dean entered the tree house. \"So…\" she muttered, glancing off at the floor. \"I've been thinking about what I would've said myself — if I'd actually written a love letter to you .\" Dean dropped his sack and flashed an interested grin. Emma held her hands on her hips for a moment, thinking back to her earliest memories of Dean. A shy little blush swept over her face. \"I think I would've said… \" 'Dear Dean. \" 'I've never felt this way about a guy before. Actually, I'm not even sure how I feel about you. \" 'Some of my friends think I've got all the answers in life, but when it comes to you, I only seem to have questions. \" 'What are your goals? What do you like to do? What would it take to make you smile? \" 'How do you bond with your friends and family? What are you like around people you love? \" 'I don't know why, but I can't really seem to stop wondering those things. That's why I hope I get to know you a little better someday. \" 'Sincerely, \" 'Your Secret Admirer.' \" Dean's smile had grown a little softer now. He crossed the floor, and stroked her shoulders. Emma swooned amidst his gentle touch. Dean placed a soft little kiss on her forehead. His voice dropped down to just above a whisper. \"What? Nothing about me being hot?\" Emma giggled, wrapping her arms around him. She leaned her temple against his chest. Afterwards, the pair sat together upon their bench, sharing even more thoughts about their past and future.[Chapter 44] \"Then, Now, and Always\" Several Years Ago The office was roomy, and covered in shade. An elegant rug adorned the smooth brown floor. Dean eyed the ceiling while sprawled on his back, resting his head against the couch's cushion. A tall bookshelf loomed over the sofa, while a clear coffee table sat just to his right. His steaming cup was still filled to the brim. Instead of being alone, as he'd much prefer, Dean was spending time with his therapist, a well-dressed woman with a black ponytail. \"So,\" she said, with her Spanish inflection. \"Let's talk a little bit about the girl at school.\" He tensed a second — but tried not to show it. \"Does Emma know that you're in love with her?\" Dean brushed his forehead and let out a sigh. \"It's like I said. When I'm out in public, I tend to keep my feelings to myself,\" he mumbled. \"So…\" A scowl crossed his face as her words sank in. \"Wait,\" he uttered, glancing at her a second. \"I never told you that I was in 'love' with this girl.\" \"Then what would you call it?\" she asked with a smile. \"I don't really have a definition right now.\" He held his stare high, avoiding eye contact. \"I mean, I know you say that definitions are good — and my school counselor always says the same thing.\" Dean paused a moment. \"You and him are friends, right? Isn't that why he sent me here? Haven't you two known each other for- -\" \"You're changing the subject.\" She grinned again. \"We can talk about him a little later if you'd like. I want us to talk about Emma now.\" She shifted, crossing her legs in the chair. \"Tell me about this love that you're feeling for her.\" Dean stirred in place, feeling awkward within.\"Why do you keep calling it love?\" he wondered. \"Because what you've described sounds particularly strong.\" He cupped his hands, looking down at them. \"Okay, Dean. If it isn't love, let's find another word that sums this up. Is it lust?\" \"No.\" \"Is it admiration?\" \"No.\" \"Is it friendship?\" \"…No.\" He winced a little. \"She and I aren't exactly…I mean…\" Dean fell quiet, then moped a bit. The woman leaned forth and stroked her chin. \"Tell me what happens when you look at Emma.\" A cloud of silence swept over the room. 10 seconds passed, then 20 more followed. After nearly a minute, Dean found his voice. \"When I see her in the halls…walking around with those books to her chest…that long, cute hair swinging about in the air…\" His words trailed off. \"I don't want to say that time slows, and weepy music starts playing…\" The therapist chuckled. \"But when I'm trying to get through the day, and I turn around and see Emma…it's like for that one brief moment, nothing else really matters.\" She listened closely. \"She's got this nice little nose that I want to rub mine against. She's got this cute little smile that I want to take pictures of. She has this calm demeanor, when everyone else gets wild.\" Dean sensed that his cheeks were reddening now. \"And it's not that there's anything wrong with being wild…I just like the little things that make Emma who she is.\" The woman nodded, and grinned again. Some of the things Dean was saying sounded deeply familiar. They were the things that married people described now and then. Dean quieted once more, and his insides tingled. \"I think she's someone I'll remember for a very long time, after high school is over, and we've both moved on.\" She found herself studying the blush on his face. \"I've never been in love with anyone before, so I can't really say what I feel for Emma. I'm not sure I know her well enough to love her…but maybe things could be different one day.\" The therapist held quiet, reviewing his words. Then she leaned forth again, and spread her hands on the desk. \"I know you prefer to keep your feelings inside, but if the time ever comes when you do love her, and she's made it clear that she loves you too…how do you think you'll react to that?\" Dean tossed a look of uncertainty her way. Then he turned his head, and stared back at the ceiling. The Present Dean held his face above Emma's own, their nude bodies touching as they heard the waves. She eyed him calmly with a subtle smirk, wondering what he was thinking of. He lowered his head, and rubbed his nose against Emma's. She closed her eyes, rubbing him back with a giggle. Dean placed a kiss on Emma's lips, then nuzzled his temple beside hers on the leaves. \"You're the person I've adored for a very long time.\" She brushed her hand along the back of his head, a calm little grin adorning her face. \"And I promise to keep adoring you for a long time to come.\"[Chapter 45] \"Abortion\" \"Do you remember when you asked me if I was pregnant?\" Emma murmured as she held Dean's hands. \"I mean the very first time, all those years ago?\" Dean threw a calm glance up at the stars, his loose brown curls fluttering about in a breeze. \"Yeah,\" he answered quietly, recalling their talk in the woods that day. Emma let her hands fall down to her lap, then took a moment to stare at them. \"Ever since then, I've been wondering something…\" Her voice lowered, and she licked her lips. \"If I had been pregnant, and we'd gotten rescued…would I have kept the baby, or had an abortion?\" Dean shivered. His mouth cracked open. It took a little while for him to respond. \"…Do you honestly think you could've done that, Em? Do you think you could've had an abortion, I mean?\" Her eyes softened, and she stroked his hand. \"I love you so much that I want to say no .\" She looked away. \"But the honest truth is, I'm not too sure.\" Dean held quiet, breathing in and out. \"I know I wasn't ready to have a child back then…but I can't really say what I would've done.\" Her gaze drifted onto her lap once more. Then she glanced up at Dean, and squinted a little. \"Do you think that makes me terrible?\" \"Of course not,\" he whispered, rubbing his fingers on hers. \"But it makes you uncomfortable to hear it, though.\" \"Em…\" Dean said, placing his hands on her shoulders. \"Nothing can change the way I feel about you.\" He quieted again while staring at her. \"Why are we discussing this now?\" he wondered. She took a deep breath, then grimaced a bit. \"I think I might be pregnant for real this time. I don't know for sure, but a few of the signs have been coming back lately.\" Dean flinched, and his eyes went wide. \"Really?\" he said, feeling his body quiver. Emma made a slow nod. She looked off at the sand. \"What's the matter?\" he muttered. \"You don't seem excited.\" Emma's eyebrows rose. \"A while ago, I would've been,\" she noted. \"Right now…I'm feeling kind of conflicted.\" Dean wore a look of stark confusion. \"Help me out, Em. I don't get it,\" he answered. \"I was a workaholic when we lived in the city, but I've gotten used to having less work now. It's like I said, my feelings on motherhood go back and forth. Sometimes I want the responsibility…and sometimes, I don't want to face it at all.\" Emma wore a long stare as she studied the ground. \"Right now, I'm leaning more toward the latter.\" Dean paused, looking her over for a while. He hesitated, then spoke up softly. \"Would you want an abortion now, if you knew you were pregnant?\" After a short bit of silence, Emma lifted her gaze, watched him closely, and proceeded to do what she'd always done: she looked in her heart, and shared her feelings with Dean. \"No,\" she told him, holding his knees. \"If I was pregnant, you and I would raise our baby together.\" Dean reached up and cupped her face. She rubbed his hand, then drew him close. \"I love you,\" she whispered, sporting a gentle grin. \"I love you, Emma,\" Dean earnestly said. He leaned toward her, and they shared a slow kiss.[Chapter 46] \"Choice\" Dean cuddled with Emma in the warm lagoon, watching as she glided her legs about. Being in the water reminded him of something — something that they rarely discussed anymore. He lowered his voice, taking a gentle tone. \"If we could leave by sea, which would you choose: a canoe, a motorboat, or a pair of jet skies?\" Dean smiled while imagining the last of those. \"None of the above,\" Emma said rather calmly, letting her eyes linger closed as they spoke. She recalled some of their previous talks about leaving. \"I know I've kind of hinted at this before…but I can say for sure now that if I had a choice, I'd choose to stay here.\" She opened her eyes. \"I might change my mind later, but that's how I honestly feel.\" \"How come?\" he asked, rubbing her dampened blonde hair. She made an awkward face. \"I wouldn't want to be normal.\" Dean's gaze shifted into a look of confusion. \"What I mean is, I'm not exactly motivated to become a judge anymore. It'd require year after year of studies and stress.\" She looked around. \"I've gotten so used to the leisure here that I'd have to take a 'normal' job back in the city.\" Emma shrugged a little. \"And I'm not suggesting that there's anything wrong with that, but I don't think I'm the kind of person who'd want to be normal.\" Dean held quiet, trying to take that in. Emma reached up and stroked his curls. \"I'm strange, aren't I?\" \"I didn't say that.\" \"You were thinking it, though. I read your mind. I'm this super odd, quirky girl.\" He kissed her cheek. \"A quirky girl who I've loved for a while.\" She grinned brightly, nuzzling her back against Dean. \"A quirky girl who I'll love forever.\" Emma lowered her hands, wrapping her arms around his. Her thoughts drifted off to a memory of school. She recalled an old theory that she'd heard in the halls: The quiet boy is in love with you. She'd dismissed that of course, thinking the girl was mistaken. But regardless of what Dean's feelings were then, he'd certainly fallen in love with her now — and Emma was utterly in love with him too, with absolutely no chance of that ever changing.[Chapter 47] \"Treasure\" With a mighty swing and a playful smile, Emma sliced a vine away as she cut through the forest, her hair gathered up in a thick blonde bun. She paused upon reaching a sizeable creek, fixing her eyes on the glistening stream. Emma held her sack tightly as she moved through the water, securing the fruit that she'd found on her search. After crossing the gap and stepping back on the ground, she noticed something that she'd missed when arriving before. An old brown box was laying lodged in the mud, one of its corners pointing up toward Emma. Her jaw dropped slowly, and her eyes filled with awe. \"You haven't opened it yet?\" Dean asked in surprise, eyeing the box as he stood beside her. \"I wanted us to do that together.\" She smiled. A flutter of sunlight drifted down on the beach, spreading its warmth along the soft white sand. Dean and Emma crouched side by side, pausing a moment as they studied the wood. After briefly gazing toward one another, they lifted the lid, and took a peek inside. \"You've got to be kidding!\" Emma's gaze lit up. Dean began trembling with excitement as well. A number of books were laying about in the box, their yellowing pages still bound in place. No images were present on any of them — just a black hardcover, and the name of the work. Emma pulled Dean close in a joyful thrill, then reached inside and opened one of the tomes. Almost all of the books were romantic tales. The only exception was an old dictionary. Emma grinned warmly as she read definitions. It was fun to get a formal education again. Dean wondered how long the box had been in the ground. None of the stories were familiar to them. After about 30 minutes, a game was begun. \" Diffident ,\" Emma said, holding her stare on the page. \"What does it mean?\" Dean stroked his chin while sprawled out on his side. \"Sounds familiar,\" he noted. She watched with a grin. \"Give me a hint.\" Emma snickered a little. \"My friends used a similar word when they talked about you.\" \"Ah,\" he replied, snapping his fingers. \"In that case, it must mean wonderful .\" \"Nope.\" \"How about fascinating ?\" \"Nope.\" \" Intriguing ?\" \"No.\" She made a playful frown. \"Don't intriguing and fascinating basically mean the same thing?\" \"Why are you asking me? You've got a dictionary in your hands.\" Emma chuckled again, eyeing Dean with affection. \"All right then…\" he said, rolling onto his back. \"What does it mean?\" She quieted while looking him over a little. \"It kind of means shy ,\" she muttered, holding her grin on Dean. He nodded slowly, staring up at the clouds. Moments later, he smiled and shrugged. \"I think we both know who helped me get past that.\" Emma blushed, throwing her gaze at the ground. \"My turn,\" Dean said, taking the book as he rose. After turning the pages for a couple of minutes, he finally settled on a particular term. \" Abstracted ,\" he uttered. \"What does it mean?\" Emma narrowed her eyes while looking off at the waves. \"…Wait. I know what that means,\" she said. \"It means…\" Her words trailed off, and she licked her lips. After nearly a minute, Dean flashed a grin. \"Want a hint?\" he asked, throwing a wink her way. \"I know I'm familiar with that term,\" she insisted. \"I just can't get it to come to me now. I…\" \"Think about my old impressions of you — when I watched you sometimes, walking around in the halls.\" Emma recalled their discussions on that, but the definition simply wouldn't arrive. After another minute passed, she let out a sigh. \"What does it mean?\" she quietly asked. \"It means being unconcerned with what's around you,\" he noted. \"It means having your focus- -\" \"On something else.\" She grinned a bit. \"I was always focusing on the future…overlooking the present — 'til I met someone who helped me live a little.\" She reached out and took Dean's hand in hers. He brushed his thumb across Emma's fingers, then handed the book to her again. After flipping some pages, she paused on a word. \"Here's another opinion you used to have. You used to find me fetching ,\" she said. He searched his mind for the definition. \"That means beautiful, right?\" Dean winced a bit. \"I still think you're beautiful, Em,\" he stressed. \"I know.\" She winked. \"I just wanted to hear that.\" Dean giggled again, laying back on the sand. A star-filled sky was hanging over the island. An orange firelight decorated the beach. Emma sprawled out in her blue bikini, propping her head against a pillow of vines. She studied a novel as Dean lay before her, his fingers massaging between her toes. \"Whatever you do…don't stop,\" she purred. Dean chuckled a bit, looking up at the book. \"So what's it about?\" he asked as he rubbed. \"It's kind of familiar, actually. It's about an unexpected bond between a girl and a boy.\" Dean nodded a little as he listened on. \"It's about her loving this guy more than anyone else…\" She glanced at Dean. \"And it's about how the boy feels the same toward her.\" He grinned while stroking along her skin. \"Do they get a happy ending?\" he curiously asked. \"I guess that depends on your definition of happy . Neither of them get what they wanted at the start…but what comes to matter more is that they have each other.\" Her face brightened again. \"That sounds like a happy ending to me.\"[Chapter 48] \"Thoughts of You\" \"So what's going on in the book?\" Dean asked, stroking Emma's hair as she studied a novel. \"Not much,\" she replied, flattening her lips. \"The girl is in some sort of strange, ancient therapy session.\" Dean chuckled a little as a memory arrived. He recalled some of his own psychology meetings. \"I never really cared for that stuff,\" he noted. Emma halted the reading, glancing over her shoulder. \"You attended therapy?\" she curiously asked. Dean nodded. \"Now and then,\" he said. Her fascination began to flourish. \"What did you and the therapist talk about?\" she wondered. He stroked his curls and looked aside. \"Family. Ambitions.\" Dean's voice went low. \"We even talked a bit about you,\" he revealed. Emma lowered the book and turned around. \"Now this I have to hear,\" she said. An excited smile swept over her face. She crawled on Dean and flattened him out, letting her head linger right above his. \"What, exactly, did you say about me?\" Dean giggled again, running his hands on her hips. \"I told her that there was this girl in school…Emma Robinson…a girl who I'd spent a lot of time thinking about.\" She beamed while recalling their days as students. She remembered all the hints of what Dean had admitted. \"She wondered if I was in love with you. I said that I wasn't…\" He paused a moment. \"And you were lying,\" Emma teased. She grinned and placed a soft peck on his cheek. \"I told her about the way you moved, the way you smiled…how you seemed like someone I might want to know better.\" He stroked her face. \"And I was right.\" Emma watched him warmly, holding briefly quiet. Moments later, she glanced away. \"I had some therapy myself,\" she noted. Dean was surprised, and certainly looked it. \"I got stressed about stuff every now and then: the secret I kept, the pressures of school, my future ambitions…and other things.\" Emma pursed her lips, then spoke a bit softer. \"My therapist asked me how I coped with stress.\" She eyed him again. \"One of my ways of coping was to think about you.\" Dean looked a little more curious now. \"Back then, when I got upset, sometimes I'd summon a few thoughts of my handsome classmate, and all the things I imagined about your private life.\" Emma smiled while recalling those fantasies. \"And that helped?\" Dean wondered. \"Now and then,\" she said. \"But after a while, I didn't want fantasies, I wanted reality. I wanted to know the real Dean McMullen.\" She kissed his lips. \"And now I do.\" Dean smiled back, brushing a hand through her locks. A few seconds later, they rolled on their sides, and gently embraced.[Chapter 49] \"A Year Without Clothes\" Several Years Ago Dean sprawled out on the therapist's couch, an arm draped lazily across his face. He took a long breath, and let it out slowly. \"You were right about Emma.\" He covered his eyes. \"I'm in love with her.\" The therapist flinched, then flashed a smile. She picked up her pen and wrote their progress down: It seems that Dean is finally being honest with himself. \"Then again...\" Dean said, \"maybe I don't love her after all.\" Her jaw fell open, and her writing stopped. She chuckled a bit, and drew a line through her note. \"Sorry. I know I go back and forth on this.\" \"It's okay,\" she whispered, interlocking her fingers. \"Let's return to the start of this conversation. Tell me why you think you're in love with her.\" Dean hesitated, then reached for his phone. \"We were recently told to make these statements in class. Speeches or poems about our life ambitions.\" He sat up and faced her, licking his lips. \"When it was Emma's turn...I recorded hers.\" Dean pressed a button and turned the screen outward. A video of Emma appeared on his phone. She faced the room, and read from her paper: \"Sometimes I think no one in my life understands me. \"My friends think I'm 'smug' because I don't like to party. \"My sister thinks I'm 'perfect' when I'm anything but. \"My dad thinks I'm 'quiet,' when I have so much to say.\" She paused a moment, then slowly continued. \"But even though it seems like they don't get me , I know that I'll always care about them.\" She looked into space. \"And I care about other people as well. I'm going to prove it when I grow up. I think I'll serve the community.\" Emma wore a shy face. \"But why am I trying to help a world that doesn't understand me ?\" She smiled a little, and shrugged her shoulders. \"I guess sometimes, I don't even understand myself.\" Dean stopped the recording, and closed his phone. The therapist grinned, taking everything in. \"That last part is key,\" she quietly said. \"I take it you feel the same way as her.\" Dean ran a finger across his cheek. \"So that's the main reason you're drawn to her now? The fact that the two of you have this in common?\" \"It's not just that. It's the other stuff too. She seems so thoughtful, so sensitive...so mature...\" Dean's voice went low, then slowly trailed off. She watched him a moment, letting some silence linger. \"Are you in love with her, Dean?\" He frowned a bit. \"I don't know. I think I'll always be confused about that.\" She stroked her chin. \"Sometimes it feels like I'm close ...but I fight it off. I try to resist what I feel for her. And not just Emma. Others too.\" He cupped his hands and stared at them. \"I can't risk opening my heart to people.\" The therapist watched him with a look of concern. \"Why do you think that is?\" She already knew, but wanted Dean to discuss it. He rubbed his brow. \"Because if I open my heart, I'll risk getting hurt.\" He shrugged his shoulders. \"Maybe I'd rather feel nothing at all.\" Several Years Later Dean watched Emma as she slept on the beach. It was the morning after he'd admitted he loved her. The sun crawled over her naked frame. Her long hair fluttered about in the wind. She lay on her back, an arm draping her stomach. He thought of how long he'd had feelings for Emma — how he'd given her quick little glances in school, how he'd tipped his hand when they spoke on the boat, how he'd acted indifferent when they came to the island, how he'd opened his heart as they started to bond, how he'd gone all quiet when they'd first made love, how he'd talked like a moron the morning after, how he'd gotten all scared when she'd hurt herself, and how he'd shown his affection for her ever since. He'd tried to feel nothing. He simply couldn't. Around one minute later, she moved a tad, letting him know that she was awake. Dean looked up into Emma's calm gaze, taking a moment to admire her face. He smiled and recalled what he'd said last night. He had no problem repeating it now. \"I love you, Emma.\" His stare went soft. \"I always will.\" She grinned and rested her hands on her stomach. A sudden happiness rushed through her frame, and she saw the same look on his face too. Dean crawled upward, kissing one of her thighs. Then he gripped them both and spread her legs. Moments later, Emma closed her eyes, moaning loudly as she felt Dean's lips. Her chest reacted, growing firm and tight. Soon enough, Dean's mouth was moving along her breasts, kissing deeply, and sucking as well. She pressed her hand against the back of his head, encouraging him to go on and on. Dean felt extremely grateful now. He wanted to live on this island forever. He recalled some of his old fantasies about her — then he brushed them aside, liking reality more. Life had given him that which he'd wanted most. Life had given him Emma. The Present They stood on the beach, staring down at a hole. It had taken about half an hour to dig. They'd lived on the island for a long time now, and figured that a decade had probably passed. They'd discussed this before, but hadn't been too sure. Though they still didn't know if they were right or wrong, they'd decided it was time to mark the occasion. Emma pulled off her long blue shirt, and Dean did the very same thing with his. Both dropped their garments within the hole. They eyed one another, and shared a giggle, each asking if they were sure about this. Emma stripped off her old tank-top, which had grown a bit ragged during her years on the island. Dean removed his T-shirt now. Their shorts followed. Their swimsuits too. And soon enough, both were totally nude. The clothes sat gathered within the deep, round hole — then a bundle of sand dropped over the pile. Within about 10 minutes, all the clothes were buried. Emma and Dean shared another quick laugh. They couldn't quite believe what they'd just done. \"So it's settled, then.\" Dean held his hips. \"Those clothes aren't coming up for a year.\" They agreed to jot marks while keeping track of time. \"Guess not,\" she said, eyeing Dean's ripped frame. \"Maybe we'll forget where they are by then. I wouldn't mind seeing you nude all the time.\" Emma walked over with a sensual look, her lips pursed outward as she took slow steps. She pressed her breasts against Dean's bare chest, then reached down and held his sensitive spot. He twitched in response, loving Emma's soft skin. She cupped Dean's face, and kissed him deeply, their nude frames dark against an orange sunset. Emma sat cross-legged on the small, wood float, meditating as she drifted about. Dean was sprawled on the nearby beach, flipping the pages of a little black novel. Emma took a slow breath, then let it out. Seconds later, a woman's voice spoke to her. \"It looks like you got the guy who always 'confused' you.\" Emma turned to the side with a faint little smile. An apparition drifted beside her now, one who looked like her old therapist in the city. \"Hi, Miss Smith,\" she said pleasantly. \"Long time no see.\" Emma shrugged her bare shoulders. \"I mean, I know I'm imagining you right now, but, well...you get what I'm saying.\" The woman responded with a soothing grin. She wore a formal shirt over a bristling blouse, her hair bundled up in a tight brown bun. \"Are you really gonna wear your birthday suit for a year?\" Emma nodded, feeling like she would blush. Miss Smith let out a chuckle. \"And you're comfortable with that?\" \"I certainly am.\" She eyed the island with love. \"I'm home,\" she continued, \"here, with Dean.\" Another warm smile spread over her face. Miss Smith turned toward the beach as well. \"Is being with him everything you hoped for?\" Emma spoke softly. \"He's so amazing.\" She beamed while watching the man she loved. \"I've never been closer to anyone in my life.\" Miss Smith looked pleased, staring on with affection. \"I'm happy for you, Emma,\" she quietly said. \"Thanks,\" Emma uttered, eyeing the woman sweetly. \"I always enjoyed getting to talk with you.\" The older woman grinned, then faced the beach. Emma looked off toward the island too. Moments later, her therapist was gone. \"Emma,\" Dean called, waving a sheet of paper that he'd found in the book. \"Take a look at this. I think it's a map of the island.\" Emma cuddled Dean within their dark tree house, holding him as they lay on their sides. The map was secured in a safe location. \"I'm guessing it leads to another box or something.\" Dean grinned brightly. \"Maybe it leads to another set of books,\" he said. The map was quite old, and drawn in faint longhand, yet some of the landmarks were familiar to them. A few large dots were jotted down on the page, apparently pointing to additional boxes. All in all, it appeared to be an ancient scavenger hunt, created by someone who'd likely been bored. Emma beamed a little. \"Maybe we'll learn something about the people before us. I think that finding this thing will be fun.\" He stroked her fingers. \"I think so too.\" Emma held Dean close, running a hand on his chest. \"I love you more than I can say.\" Dean wore a soft grin, leaning back against her. \"I love you too, Emma,\" he happily said. \"I always will.\"[Chapter 50] \"Past and Future\" Emma and Dean eased down on a log, sitting together in a quiet swamp. The soft moss cushioned their naked skin. They'd nearly reached their destination, but needed some time to refresh themselves. Three rays of sunlight cut into the forest, one bathing Emma in a glittering beam. \"How come we don't do this more often?\" she asked, taking a sip from the water bottle. \"How come we don't actually explore this island?\" Dean looked outward, then chuckled a bit. It took a few seconds for him to respond. \"When we got settled here...when we got secure...there was a part of me that didn't really want to explore. I guess I was worried that we'd find a way off.\" She flinched a tad, eyeing him curiously. He lifted her hand, looking down at her ring. \"You weren't my wife back then, you were my high-school crush. You were the girl I used to think of when I stared at my ceiling.\" He smiled a little as the memories came back. \"Coming here, being alone with you...there was a part of me that didn't really want that to end. It just took me a while to admit it out loud.\" She grinned herself while stroking his hand. \"After we actually fell in love, most of those worries kind of faded away.\" He shrugged. \"I just never really felt like exploring much. My favorite spots were good enough for me. We found the tree house. We found the lagoons. We found those pools that we slide into. We found those peaks where we watch the stars...\" Dean glanced around. \"I always figured that we'd explore the rest eventually — but I kind of kept putting it off in my mind.\" Emma nodded. \"Me too,\" she concurred. \"I don't really know why I put it off, though. I guess that's what I was asking you.\" She paused a moment. \"Maybe it relates to what I mentioned once. I don't need to look forward all the time anymore, because I actually like where I am right now.\" The map had brought them to a large grass valley. Their target was buried at the top of a hill. Following a climb that lasted nearly an hour, Dean and Emma made it up a huge green slope. \"They certainly aren't making this easy, are they?\" Emma took in the unusual view. Thick clouds stretched down the blue horizon. Soft blades bristled on the ground where they stood. She looked about, finding no box in sight. \"I hate to ask now, but are we sure that this is the right hill?\" she wondered. Dean glanced around with curious eyes. \"The map pointed us to the tallest,\" he murmured. \"I'm pretty sure this is the- -\" His words faded as he stepped on something. \"Em,\" he said, motioning toward the grass. \"Something's different right here.\" She followed his gaze. A patch of dirt was present in the mass of green. They eyed one another, then knelt in place, their nude skin warmed by the glistening sun. With some makeshift tools made of hard bamboo, the two began digging through the loose, brown dirt. Sure enough, in a matter of seconds, Emma and Dean found another wood box. She grinned in excitement, her whole body shaking. Dean smiled too, feeling a wave of awe. Upon opening the box, they found additional books, plus another map, identical to the first. Something else was waiting for them as well — a little note placed at the top of the pile. The paper looked ancient; it was brittle and worn. Emma held it up, and both studied the message: \" My name is Cecilia Liliana Brightwood, daughter of Sir T.W. Brightwood III.\" Dean eyed Emma with a puzzled expression, getting the very same look from her. These sounded like rich people whom they'd never heard of. \" My secondary passion in life is art. My greatest passion is exploration. The latter is precisely what brought me here. This island seemed an interesting place to explore.\" Emma turned back to Dean again. She wondered just how long ago this was written. \" After finding a tree house, and gathering rations, my party and I began searching the grounds. Unfortunately, there is nothing worth finding on this little rock. As such, we've happily left this place. \" Before departing, I relieved myself of some dreadful books. They were gifts from my mother, but I found them dull. I suppose I'll convince her that each was lost. In the event that you happen to enjoy them, however, you will find this map that I've sketched quite useful. It leads to a few other boxes like this, each with a duplicate map inside. I have buried more than books as well. Run along now, and unearth them all. \" Remember, never stop exploring.\" Dean and Emma sat side by side, reading new novels in their brown tree house. \"So,\" he said, \"now we know who's responsible for all these books.\" Emma grinned while setting the novel down. \"I'm certainly grateful for each of them.\" She paused a moment, a thought coming to her. \"Something she mentioned stands out to me.\" Dean looked curious, and lowered his tome too. \"She got bored because she couldn't find anything on the island.\" Emma watched Dean with an affectionate smile. \"I guess she never learned what we found out: you have to build something worth having here.\" Dean took Emma's hand in his. She returned the affection and stroked his fingers. Then they leaned toward each other, and slowly kissed. ","Summary":" Preface: This story was first published a few years ago, but ended up getting deleted — along with "}]