[{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Tipos","Author":"carolsss","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11947574","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tipos Inicialmente Ferris diz para si mesmo que o melhor seria não interferir, desde que Jeanie começara a namorar ela passara bem menos tempo o perturbando. Mas a questão é que o troço todo estava perturbando ele. Jeanie podia ser irritante as vezes mas ela ainda era sua irmãzinha, sua irmãzinha que estava saindo com um sujeito que ela conhecera em uma delegacia que tinha sido levado para lá por posse de drogas. E ela não tinha voltado para casa naquela noite. Ferris estava esperando por ela na sala quando ela chegou em casa pouco antes de amanhecer. Ela deu um pulo quando viu seu irmão sentado no sofá, mas logo se recompôs e disse : \"Bom dia Ferris\" \"Não é dia ainda, é madrugada\" \"Então mãe e pai-\" \"Eu cobri pra você, eu disse para eles que você foi dormir cedo, eles não desconfiaram de nada\" \"Bom, obrigada\" \"Agora nós estamos quites. Eu não vou fazer de novo\" \"Eu não esperava que você fizesse\" \"Eu não entendo o que você vê nesse cara, ele não é nada o seu tipo\" \"E qual é o meu tipo de acordo com o grande Ferris Bueller ?\" \"Alguém certinho e neurótico foi o que eu sempre visualizei\" \"Eu acho que esse é mais o seu tipo de garoto do que o meu Ferris\" \"O que você quer dizer com isso ?\" \"Eu acho que você sabe exatamente o que eu quis dizer com isso\" \"...\" \"Boa madrugada Ferris, obrigada de novo por cobrir pra mim\" Jeanie disse e subiu as escadas rumo ao seu quarto antes que Ferris conseguisse pensar em uma resposta. ","Summary":" Tipos Inicialmente Ferris diz para si mesmo que o melhor seria não interferir, desde que Jeanie com"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"can we throw them into the fire","Author":"leoblooms","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10952965","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alright, maybe the Fiyero costume was better in theory. For the past 10 minutes, he tried very hard to get some sort of feeling in his legs, but he felt nothing. He tried walking around the block, which helped for all of 2 minutes. He bounced and jumped in place, shook his legs around like a tornado of gangly limbs. It wasn't until he arrived at Sloane's house and was forced to stand outside in the same place for a minute because she wasn't ready to come down- stairs and greet him that he realised that the pants might have been a little too tight. \"Cameron!\" Sloane exclaimed when she saw him, clapping a hand down over her mouth to avoid laughing. It was quite the sight. Cameron had managed to shove his thin legs into a pair of khakis that he definitely got when he was much smaller and didn't have decent thighs. In any other situation, it wasn't likely she'd let him go out on a walk in something that looked so constricting, but this was Fiyero. Anyone who saw Wicked knew the pants had to be tight. He stood as best as he could, holding onto the doorframe with one hand. He tried to make it look like a very casual lean, but he could see that she wasn't buying into the facade of trying to be cool. With a rather dismissive nod of acknowledgement, he gripped tighter onto the frame. They needed to leave and they needed to do it now. \"So,\" he started, voice changing to a slightly flirty drawl, \"What's the most swankified place in town?\" Sloane suppressed yet another laugh at his fleeting effort to even sound like Fiyero. \"That would be the Ozdust Ballroom.\" \"That's not your line. Elphie isn't even here.\" Sloane shrugged, rather neutral to the fact that dressed as Elphaba, she still delivered Glinda's line. \"Cameron, are those making you uncomfortable?\" She gave a slight flourish of a green hand at the pants. He shook his head. He just wanted her to be happy instead of worrying about him all night. Give her a break from being concerned. In all honesty, it wasn't half bad. He'd be able to stand it with all of the walking around they were going to do. She didn't buy it for a second. He was definitely losing feeling the longer he just stood there, but he insisted it didn't feel bad. Sloane just nodded and tried to brush off her concerns. That wasn't an easy task, but she tried. \"Are you sure? I can see if my dad has anything that fits better.\" \"No, I'll be alright.\" He insisted, reaching for her hand and guiding her out the door, finally sighing in joy that he got the chance to move his legs again. Sloane heard his relief, glanced at him out of the corner of her eye and carried on down towards the city streets. Why was he so stubborn? oOoOo \"Sloane, come on,\" He called out from the pathway. Sloane was on the front porch, chatting away with a family friend she hadn't seen in a while. Cameron was standing on the sidewalk just outside the picket fence waiting. He was rocking back and forth on his heels, shaking his legs again. He was definitely burning those pants when he got home. \"There's so much more to do.\" \"Just a second, Cameron!\" She called back, covering her smile with her hand. When she looked back at Ms. Stevens, the woman was smiling as well. \"You're making him wait on purpose, aren't you?\" Sloane nodded, trying to fight back giggles. \"The pants are making him uncomfortable?\" Another nod. \"He told me it isn't bothering him even though I tried to get him to change into something more comfortable.\" And Ms. Stevens laughed slightly as well. \"Well, men always want to prove themselves, don't they?\" She cast another glance over at Cameron, who ceased his jig immediately when he saw her looking. He resorted to tapping his feet in place. It wasn't benefitting him like the small hops were, but he had to make some sacrifices so to not worry her. She watched him carefully, curious about Ms. Stevens' words. Was Cameron the type of guy who felt like he had to prove himself? Stick to his words; absolutely. But was he the kind of guy who needed to go through physical pain just to prove something? She liked to think he wasn't. She didn't like to think if she was wrong. \"Yeah, I guess they do.\" She said, clutching the witch hat full of candy tighter. \"I think I should go. Don't want him to be the knight in shining armor for too long.\" She set off with a wave down towards Cameron. When she reached him, she looked down at his legs that were shaking. \"Cameron, are you sure you don't want to change?\" \"No!\" He exclaimed, voice increasing several decibels. Which was the distinct sign that he was lying through his teeth. Cameron wasn't a good liar; never had been. He ended up ratting himself out all the time. Never did anything to help him. Then he sighed as if he were completely defeated. \"Actually,\" he began. \"Do you think I could borrow those pants from your dad?\" She smiled, reached down and interlocked her fingers with his. \"I think you can.\" \"Good. These are killing me.\" He said. \"And one more thing.\" They said as they started back down the sidewalk towards the Peterson residence. She looked up at him and let out a small hum as if acknowledging him. \"Can we cut these up and throw them out before we go back out? I don't ever want to see them again.\" \"I've got a better idea. Why don't we throw them into the fire pit outside?\" \"As long as I don't have to see them, it's good enough for me.\" ","Summary":" Alright, maybe the Fiyero costume was better in theory. For the past 10 minutes, he tried very hard"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Always Right","Author":"Evil Little Dog","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10964854","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Always Right Author: Evil_Little_Dog Rating: Teenish Disclaimer: This is a derivative work, and, as such, I make absolutely no money writing this. Darn the luck. Summary: Ferris Bueller never existed. Notes: Written for the LJ Community, Comment_Fic. \"There's something wrong with that boy.\" Cameron had heard the whispers all his life. He knew something was wrong; he was sick all the time, but no one believed him. Even Ferris didn't, and Ferris was his best friend. \"You're fine, Cam, it's psychosomatic.\" \"I'm sick. I have a fever.\" Ferris rasperried, and ran outside into the sun, leaving Cameron in his bedroom. It was up to him to follow or not, and most times, he did. High school was worse, all those kids, and none of them his friend. They all loved Ferris, even though Cameron was the only one who knew him. Ferris had comic strips drawn about him that filled whole pages in the school newspaper. Sometimes, Cameron would get slapped on the shoulder and thanked for his work on those strips. He wasn't sure why. \"Hey, buddy,\" Ferris said, \"you work hard, you deserve a day off.\" He'd smile that particular smile that Cameron just couldn't say no to, and off they'd go, on some crazy adventure. The last one involved his dad's car. The Ferrari GT California. Ferris wanted to take it into the city, and Cameron could only say 'no' so many times. The problem was, after they brought it back, well, the odometer showed just how many miles they put on the car. Ferris had the brilliant idea of putting the car up on jacks and running it in reverse - but the jacks fell and the car crashed into the ravine below the house. Cameron remembered his dad's reaction, how he screamed, how he yelled. He even slapped Cameron. It was the only time his dad ever even seemed to realize he was alive. Funny, Ferris didn't come around too much after that. He didn't even show up in the school newspapers. Cameron wondered about his friend for a while, but he had other things to worry about - like the military school his dad decided to send him to. It was a some years later, after some therapy sessions, and some time getting drink, and more time sobering up, that Cameron wound up writing some stories about a high school student who was so incredibly cool, everyone loved him. He had a gorgeous girlfriend, and a sickly best friend. What surprised Cameron was how they wound up on the YA best sellers list, and how fast they were optioned for movies. While he was closing up his signing at a book store one day, a pretty woman approached, her hair streaked slightly with silver. She smiled at him, and asked, \"Cameron...do you remember me?\" He stared up at her in shock, because who could forget Sloane? \"Of course I do.\" \"I really enjoyed your books. But I loved all the stuff you wrote about Ferris back in high school. Those comic strips were so funny!\" Comic strips? Cameron didn't remember writing comic strips, but he nodded politely. \"I'm glad you like my books.\" He glanced behind her, searching for Ferris, but not seeing him. \"Did Ferris read them, too?\" Sloane blinked at him, her pretty face turning somewhat ugly. \"What?\" \"Well, you and Ferris...I'd heard you'd gotten married. Or he was planning on proposing. That was the last I heard from him.\" Her forehead wrinkled and she took a step back. \"I...I think you've mistaken me for someone else.\" \"No. Sloane Peterson. I know you - you and Ferris, you were something back in school.\" She shook her head slowly and continued backing away. \"No. I'm sorry.\" Sloane spun on her heel, darting through the rest of the store, disappearing from sight. Cameron stared after her. Maybe he'd gotten it wrong. But he could've sworn - \"Hey, buddy, don't worry about it. There are a thousand other girls out there like Sloane, and you know I could have any of them. You just keep doing what you're doing, and you'll be fine.\" Cameron nodded, smiling. Ferris was right. Ferris was always right. ~ end ~ ","Summary":" Title: Always Right Author: Evil_Little_Dog Rating: Teenish Disclaimer: This is a derivative work, "},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"the underdog won, that's how we knew it was a movie","Author":"carolsss","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11950218","Passage":"[Chapter 1] the underdog won, that's how we knew it was a movie As vezes Cameron se perguntava se era tudo apenas uma brincadeira enorme. Não apenas a parte romântica que tinha começado pouco após eles se graduarem mas o troço todo, não fazia nenhum sentido Ferris Bueller, aquele rapaz que todo mundo gostava decidir passar a maior parte do seu tempo com ele. Ferris adorava brincar joguinhos mentais com os outros então não o surpreenderia tanto assim, na verdade talvez um monte de coisa começasse a fazer sentido. Que tudo fosse uma piada elaborada e longa que acabaria com todos rindo dele por ele sequer ter cogitado a possibilidade que Ferris poderia realmente gostar de alguém como ele. E o riso de Ferris era o mais alto de todos em sua mente. Cameron nunca diz essas coisas em voz alta, mas de alguma maneira Ferris parece sempre saber quando Ferris anda até ele, o beija e diz : \"Você pensa demais\" ","Summary":" the underdog won, that's how we knew it was a movie As vezes Cameron se perguntava se era tudo apen"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Aparências","Author":"carolsss","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13045224","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Aparências Ferris estava com um pouco de receio de que talvez em um ataque de ansiedade Cameron tivesse decido pegar o carro e dirigir para longe, por isso foi um alívio encontrá-lo logo do lado de fora da casa deles com suas costas contra o muro. \"Você devia voltar para dentro, eu não quero que a Sloane fique sozinha\" Cameron disse ao notar sua presença. \"Bem, você devia também. Tipo nossa esposa acabou de nos contar que ela está grávida e você está agindo como se ela tivesse dito que o mundo vai acabar\" \"Eu sinto muito mas nem todos conseguem agir tão bem sob pressão quanto o grande Ferris Bueller\" \"Eu apenas não entendo, isso é sobre o seu pai ? Porque você não vai ser nada como o seu pai, você vai ser ótimo\" \"Não é por isso\" \"Então o que é ?\" \"E se o bebê parecer comigo fisicamente ?\" Cameron perguntou. \"Então nós vamos inscrever ele em um time de basquete e fazer bom uso da sua altura, é um desperdício enorme você nunca ter jogado\" \"Eu estou falando sério Ferris, se ele for meu e parecer comigo todo mundo vai saber sobre eu e Sloane, e ou eles vão achar que ela te traiu comigo ou eles vão achar...sabe\" \"A verdade ?\" \"Sim\" \"Olha, minha mãe tem olhos azuis, e meu pai é alto eu sempre posso falar sobre genes recessivos e etc, e se eles descobrirem a verdade quem liga ?\" \"Eu ligo. Você e Sloane são vistos como o casal perfeito, eu não quero arruinar isso\" \"Mas o negócio que importa é que eu e Sloane não somos o casal perfeito. Você, eu e Sloane no entanto somos um perfeito trio, tríade ou seja lá o que você queira chamar. E nós vamos ser os pais, isso é mais importante do que alguma pessoa hipotética pode achar\" \"Eu suponho que você tem um ponto\" \"Yep, eu já to imaginando você vai ser o pai responsável e eu vou ser o pai legal\" \"Você não é tão legal assim Ferris\" \"Nós dois sabemos que você está mentindo\" ","Summary":" Aparências Ferris estava com um pouco de receio de que talvez em um ataque de ansiedade Cameron tiv"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Forefront","Author":"The3tostitos","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12499642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After watching the beloved film once more, I simply noticed the chemistry between Cameron and Sloane. Thinking, I decided to elaborate and provide my interpretation of the parade from a third person point of view. Ferris will always be an intriguing character, but Cameron is simply more practical, compassionate, and relatable. Hopefully, you will find this story to be entertaining. I do not own Ferris Bueller's Day Off, nor the characters, but rather create this story for enjoyment purposes. It couldn't be denied that Chicago was bustling at the hour on Dearborn Street. The streets were filled with a variety of onlookers and families, watching the unfolding of the Von Steuben Day parade. However, among the throngs of people and decorated floats, Ferris Bueller was nowhere to be seen. Cameron Frye and Sloane Peterson emerged from the doors of the Art Institute with contained panic, scanning the crowds but having no luck. Cameron, on the other hand, raised his hands to his head and sighed stressfully. Sloane looked up at him with concern and gently rested her hands on his arm in an attempt to reassure him, but no attempts could simply calm his nerves. \"What are we going to do? We completely lost him!\" Cameron spoke over the myriad voices. His eyes voiced worry. \"Cameron, calm down,\" Sloane spoke firmly. She reached up and placed her hands calmly on his cheeks to turn his face to hers. \"He's only been gone, say, fifteen minutes or so. Let's just take a breath and look around for him.\" They made eye contact candidly, and Cameron softly smiled for the split second. He moved his gaze from her eyes to the street, occupied with a Volkswagen float and eager people. Sloane smiled sheepishly at him, and he responded by hustling forward. She followed suit, and he immediately grabbed her hand, holding it tightly to keep them from separating and getting lost. He gave a glance back at her, attempting to give her a comforting grin but rather creating nervousness for the predicament; she smiled innocently and squeezed his hand reassuringly. He pushed through the crowds and came out to the edge of the road, holding Sloane's hand but in a tremble. They looked toward the direction of the plaza, trying to make out any whereabouts of Ferris. Much to their disappointment, he was nowhere in plain sight, and Cameron briskly paced the road. In an impatient manner, Sloane huffed, \"He didn't leave. He's probably doing something.\" She synched her steps with Cameron's and threw her free hand to her side. Cameron ran his free hand through his hair and mused, \"No, it really busts my hump, you know.\" Sloane gave a sideways glance at Cameron, understanding his feelings for his friend. She, too, was disappointed at Ferris for disappearing with no cause, but she responded, \"Ah, Cameron, he didn't ditch us or anything. He's here. He's here-\" Cameron let his impatience and irritation get the best of him, and he interjected, \"Hey, for all we know, he probably went back to school.\" ` He knew that Ferris would have the audacity to leave his friends for mere laughs. He looked down at Sloane, whom held his trembling hand and had the appropriate response for the absence. He swifted his head back to the forefront and walked with determination. Sloane, on the other hand, knew that Ferris would do anything in his power to avoid school or any serious matters. She contradicted Cameron by saying, \"He would not go back to school-\" \"Probably took the train home,\" Cameron thought out loud. False hope always seemed to be present in his friend. Ferris knew that he would stress over the simplest and unnecessary things. He muttered, \"He'd do it, he'd do it just to make me sweat.\" Sloane gave Cameron's hand a light squeeze and observed his eyes for a split second. Finally, she said, \"No, he would not. Come on.\" Cameron shook his head and fixed his eyes stubbornly on the road ahead. He simply couldn't contain his agitation for Ferris' behavior on the day as a whole. He had already woke up feeling awful, and he wasn't in the mood for dealing with any antics. It was tortuous to have to take his father's prized possession into the city, in the hands of questionable car handlers. It wasn't fair to him, nor to Sloane, for Ferris to desert them for his own ambitions. By and large, he felt that he hadn't seen anything good that day. \"Makes me mad,\" Cameron confirmed aloud. Sloane sighed inwardly and fixed her uncertain eyes on the ground. Cameron was being naïve, she decided, and Ferris wouldn't be so cruel as to desert them. She knew Ferris very well in the times that they had previously explored the city; she truly admired his ways of doing the unthinkable and holding her hand with certainty alike. However, she understood Cameron's emotions and thoughts from the way he held her hand and rubbed his forehead. He wore worry on his sleeve for the well being of his friend, and she acknowledged this by giving his hand a faint squeeze. \"Ladies and gentlemen,\" a voice boomed over the speakers, \"you are such a wonderful crowd.\" Sloane perked her ears in curiosity, recognizing the lilt and youth of the man. On the other hand, Cameron failed to recognize this fact, and he continued to express his doubts. \"We'd like to play a little tune for you,\" the voice continued. \"It's one of my personal favorites…\" Cameron slowed his pace in familiarity. He knew the voice from somewhere… \"I'd like to dedicate it to a young man who doesn't think he's seen anything good today…\" Cameron and Sloane stopped in their tracks and looked into each other's eyes. They shared the epiphany and brought their attention to an approaching float, advertising natural scenery and a sausage company. \"Cameron Frye, this one's for you,\" the voice finished. The music filled the streets, and a huddle of women on the float, wearing German garments, stepped out of the circle. Lo and behold, Ferris Bueller rose to his feet with a microphone in hand and expressively belted, \"Danke schoen…\" Cameron gave off a scream at this proclamation, realizing that Ferris had somehow managed to sneak aboard the float and seduce the women. Cameron and Sloane rushed forward to the edge of the float, temporarily still for the performance nonetheless. \"Ferris!\" Sloane yelled at the top of her lungs, yet with a smile on her face. \"Get off the float!\" \"Thank you for all the joy and pain,\" Ferris lip synched and pointed his finger at Cameron. He expressed confidence in his face toward Cameron, as if he was singing to him alone. Cameron simply continued to smile, astounded that his friend could do such a thing. An officer tapped Cameron and Sloane on the shoulder rather roughly and huffed, \"You two need to step away from the float.\" Sloane tried to protest by pointing at Ferris and stating, \"But that boy is our-\" \"No 'buts',\" the officer stubbornly stated as he started pushing the restless Cameron and Sloane away from the moving float. They stopped struggling as they reached the front of the crowds, and the officer mumbled to himself as he proudly strode away. Cameron's eyes followed after the officer, and he muttered, more to himself, \"What a bum.\" Sloane stepped in and placed her hands on his shoulders, turning him away from the sight. \"Now, now,\" she playfully scolded him, \"let's not get into any more trouble.\" Cameron stifled a laugh and grinned sheepishly at her as he looked back and forth to the lip synching Ferris and the plaza. He gently took her hand and weaved through the layer of people, coming out toward the Federal Plaza. He furtively glanced at Sloane by his side, sharing the same thoughts as her on Ferris' behavior, but not yet having the chance to reflect on it. \"So … he did it, didn't he?\" Sloane spoke after the comfortable silence. \"Did what?\" Cameron asked with mustered confusion. Sloane looked up at him and gave him a clueless expression, as if he was completely zoned out during the entire episode. Cameron chuckled and brought his eyes forward, looking at the giant, red flamingo standing before them. He gave her hand a firm squeeze and continued. \"Yeah,\" he spoke, \"he truly did manage to talk his way onto that float.\" He paused and studied the leg of the flamingo bypassing him. \"You know,\" he continued, looking at the attentive Sloane beside him, \"As long as I've known him, everything works for him.\" Sloane looked up at him with curiosity. She had never seen this side of Cameron before, reflecting on the deep aspects of his friendship with Ferris. She thought him to be capable of doing anything his tentative mind had set to, but then again, she hadn't heard of his full elaboration on his home life and apathetic father. \"There's nothing he can't handle,\" he continued on. \"I can't handle anything.\" Cameron shook his head spitefully and traced his eyes to the ground and the lingering of dirt. He hoped, above all, that he could have a loving and compassionate father, but it was out of the picture entirely. Furthermore, he had never possessed the bravery and free spirit of Ferris; he always stressed over the smallest things and watched his adventurous friend on the sidelines. Sloane looked up at him with worry; she was afraid of how his future would unfold. Likely, Cameron and Ferris would attend different colleges, if they attended college, and he would not have anyone to confide in and live outside of his comfort zone with. \"School, parents future; Ferris can do anything.\" Sloane gave his hand a comforting squeeze and looked onward toward the clear day, mulling over their conversation. \"I don't know what I'm gonna do,\" Cameron spoke aloud. Like many people his age, he didn't give much thought to his future. He focused on the tasks at hand with his friends. He shook his head disdainfully and stared at the ground. \"College,\" Sloane chimed in. She looked at him with mirth and understanding, fully aware of the point he was trying to get across. Cameron looked down into her eyes and nodded. He had hopes of attending a good school and making a high living. More importantly, he hoped to marry a woman with equal ambitions and whom he could start a loving family with, unlike his own. Regardless, he looked up and back at Sloane, shaking his head. \"Yeah, but to do what?\" he replied, smiling as if to prove his point. He walked on and swayed his arm that held hers. Sloane shared his emotion and sighed, shrugging her shoulders and asking, \"What are you interested in?\" Cameron shook his head slightly and fixed his gaze away from Sloane's eyes. It was true that he had interests, similar to other people. Truthfully, he envied Ferris on the sidelines, as he seemed to lead a carefree life with a kind girl by his side. He could only hope for a girl like Sloane, or more accurately, Sloane herself; she shared his interests, of not having any notable interests, and he could always count on her to lift his spirits. No matter how much he cared for her, she would always be Ferris' girl, and he could only daydream of pursuing his interests with her. He decidedly averted his eyes from the clouds and brought them to hers, brown and patiently waiting for his response. He stood still and squeezed her hand. \"Nothing,\" he spoke blatantly. He offered his boyish grin at this proclamation. She failed to suppress a grin, and they both shook their heads with purely profound expressions. Sloane marveled at this, for she truly had no passion for the real world, much like he didn't. She raised her eyebrows in agreement and replied, with great mirth, \"Me neither!\" They stood in the middle of the plaza, chuckling about their predicament and the surprising amount of things they shared in common. It was a wonder that they weren't brother and sister, but hey spent time together like it was so. Cameron watched the conclusion of the song, holding Sloane's hand rightfully so, and saw Ferris waving to the crowd, as if he was crowned Miss America. Not able to contain it any longer, Cameron raised his voice and shouted at the top of his lungs, \"You're crazy!\" Sloane laughed at this and shook her head, fully aware that the latter statement was true. The two friends watched the scene, oblivious to what would come next. Sloane looked out and asked Cameron, \"What do you think Ferris is gonna do?\" As if to answer her question, the audio of \"Twist and Shout\" blasted over the plaza and street. Cameron chuckled and thought of his friend's crazy antics, of his daily adventures, and of the lifelong dreams he vented to him. Finally, Cameron decided, \"He's gonna be a fry cook on Venus.\" Sloane smiled inwardly at this, for she was also aware of Ferris' charismatic personality and lack of preparation for the future. Cameron chuckled and watched her expression as she turned to face him. She giggled at him and placed her free hand on his shoulder, shaking her head at his response and watching the gathering of the crowds Cameron smiled bashfully at her and watched the performance. Before he could object, Sloane tugged on his hand and motioned toward the surrounded float. \"Come on, Cameron!\" she laughed playfully at him. Cameron shook his head, but he followed suit with a smile and followed her to the float. He always admired her joyous spirit from afar, when no one would ever seem to notice, and felt that his admiration was un requited; after all, Sloane was attached to Ferris. Unbeknown to him, Sloane felt a similar curiosity for Cameron and his bashful charisma as she held onto his hand and dragged him to the forefront of the eventful day. ","Summary":" After watching the beloved film once more, I simply noticed the chemistry between Cameron and Sloan"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"A Favor Returned","Author":"MidgardianMaiden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10545925","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: I always felt bad for Jeanie, so here is another moment of sibling love with her and Ferris. To those reading Pressure on the Skin , updates will be coming in a few weeks, I'm in the middle of a show, so that takes priority right now. But the fic will be updated twice every month, it's a better schedule for me and more realistic deadline. I don't own Ferris Beuller. Moving on! Ferris's mother returned shortly with the promised soup. Feigning fatigue, he made a great show of effort to sit up so she could rest the tray in his lap. Chicken noddle and a perfectly toasted grilled cheese cut in half. She really was into this nurturing crap, wasn't she? As she felt his forehead and slippery palms, he was astounded at how readily she believed that he was sick, despite being in perfect health all but eight days in a single semester. Any other mother would have called him on his bullshit, but then, not all parents were nearly as gullible as his. It almost made him feel bad at how easily they bought it, but not bad enough. \"Do you think I could go to school tomorrow?\" he asked, feigning eagerness. \"I don't know.\" She frowned, brow crinkled in concern. \"We'll have to wait and see what your temperature is in the morning. Really, Ferris, I think we may need to take you to the doctor's.\" Shit. \"Oh, no. I'm fine, I'm sure it's just a bug going around school.\" Ferris's mother looked somewhat relieved but he wasn't sure if he had pacified her paranoia enough. The sound of light footsteps directed his attention to the hallway, spotting Jeanie as she tried to slip into her bedroom undetected. This was probably the only thing today that Ferris's mom didn't fail to notice. \"Wait a second, young lady, I'm not through talking to you.\" She warned the teenage girl, walking out into the hall. Needless to say, he was beyond shocked and grateful for her help with Rooney downstairs. He couldn't believe she'd lie for him like that, especially considering she was ready to bust his balls just that morning. But no, she lied effortlessly, almost as well as him and he was able to get upstairs with their parents none the wiser. Jeanie turned to face their mother but without her usual annoyed sigh or haughty expression, she looked almost serene. Giddy, he'd daresay. \"What's going on?\" Ferris asked meekly, disguising his interest. \"Your sister decided to skip class and come home, only to play a prank on the police by making a call about an intruder in the house.\" Their mother explained in exasperation, looking to him for some kind of agreement to justify her frustration. Ferris just raised an eyebrow. She bought that bullshit? Even for her, that was remarkable. There was so much wrong with that statement, like if she was going to skip school, why would she risk getting caught by making a phony call? Jeanie was not that stupid, nor that starved for attention. He quickly deduced what had probably happened and that the 'intruder' must have been Rooney, considering he had just seen the man lingering outside his home and had clearly been waiting for him. And also by the fact that, when he walked bas Jeanie when walking through the back door, he recognized a man's wallet in her hand, which could only be the principal's, which meant that he had somehow gotten into the house. The last thought made him exceedingly uncomfortable and for a moment he did feel genuinely ill. No, Jeanie came home for whatever reason, probably to catch Ferris playing hooky, just as Rooney was doing. She saw him, freaked out, and called the police. Honestly, given Rooney's nearly disturbing fixation with him, he would have done the same thing. During his realizations, their mom began to hand out the punishment. \"…and you can forget going on any dates.\" That was particularly weak and completely pointless. A girl who was such a tight ass isn't exactly going to have many gentlemen callers come knocking. Ferris actually did feel bad that their parents treated Jeanie with such disregard and brush off anything she said, even though she was such a shrew. He wondered though if his parents realized it was because they treated her with disbelief while he could tell them Christmas came in July and they'd cut down a tree to put in the living room. \"Mom…\" The older woman was instantly by his side, soothing his brow. \"Yes, sweetie?\" \"I remember now…I thought it had been just a dream…I couldn't tell.\" He moaned quietly, adding some delirium to the act. \"What, honey?\" \"I heard a crash from downstairs and Jeanie yelling. She came running in saying that a man had broken in and was going to call the police, so I had to stay quiet until she or the police came.\" He murmured with enough enunciation to be understood while still lolling his head about the pillow. His mom look surprised and he knew he had her, so he continued. \"I was so scared, and I didn't make a single sound or moved at all. But Jeanie never came back. I was so afraid for her.\" After a moment of careful consideration, Ferris's mother expression was fixed in surprised disbelief, as was Jeanie's. It was best for their mom to believe he was pathetically helpless, for Jeanie's sake. \"Oh my poor baby, I'm so sorry.\" She leaned down to hug him and when she pulled away she looked up to Jeanie. \"Why didn't you tell me what had happened?\" Catching on quick, Jeanie replied with a shrug of her shoulders. \"You wouldn't believe me. I mean, the police didn't.\" \"I'm not as mistrustful as you think, try me sometime and you'll see that I trust my children more than most parents.\" Both siblings raised their eyebrows simultaneously. \"You still skipped school, even if you did catch an intruder, you never would have if you were in school, where you were supposed to be. So that's still a week of grounding, no TV, no going out.\" She said sternly before walking away but not before tucking Ferris in once more. With their mother's back retreating down the stairs, he winked at his sister, just as he had done that morning and then raised his arms as if to say 'Hey, I tried' with a shrug. For the first time in he didn't know how long, she really smiled. Twice in one day, wow. No sarcasm. No smugness. She silently mouthed 'Thank you' before heading to her door with a definite spring in her step. He wasn't sure what pulled stick out of her ass, but whatever it was, he decided that he liked it. ","Summary":" AN: I always felt bad for Jeanie, so here is another moment of sibling love with her and Ferris. To"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Can't Handle Us","Author":"ElisAttack","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10550931","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't own these characters University and Ferris was simply not a match to be. Considering he hacked into Harvard's database to place himself on the list of top scoring admissions, proved the relationship to be one fraught with pain and suffering, on the institution's behalf, of course. It could have been alright if Cam decided to join him; he was already on the entrance list. His best friend the over achiever. But his asshole father's reaction to the mutilated Ferrari swore Cam away from anything in America. He went and joined the Peace Corps. Somewhere near Somalia. Eritrea, Ferris believes Cam said on graduation day. Sloane on the other hand moved. Technically her father moved, dragging her whole family along to Kansas, after the incestuous rumors spread by the Dean became too much to ignore at the dinner parties. The last sniff of revenge from a poor pathetic (now graying) man. So she dropped off the fucking face of the earth, and out the window went his marriage proposal. In the end Ferris was sent off, by his ever proud parents, to Harvard. All alone. And was it ever fucking boring. Ivy kids were monotonous. Eat, pray, love. Except it was eat, smoke, fuck. Either way they were dumb, party jockheads, that spent the whole day gwaffawing without a single intelligent thought in their brains (boring), or they made Cam look like Jeff Spicoli (tedious). There was absolutely no middle ground. Ferris resigned himself to days spent hacking into US government sites, trying to find the secret behind area 51. Which turned out to be an R & D facility, looking into the elasticity of Canadian curds used in poutine. (He had to say they were at least ten years behind, compared to India's data.) Eventually he decided to leave Harvard, well decided wouldn't be the right word. It was decided for him. Apparently not all of Harvard's records were computerized. A random secretary found some discrepancies with his finances, and found it strange that Ferris hadn't paid a dime for his wholesome American education. (Technically his parents paid for it, but Ferris decided to save the money for more constructive means.) So six years, and 30 or more new identities later Ferris was running a very profitable and illegitimate business in Madrid. Whew, the nightlife, incredible. What could he say, the life of a hacker, never dull in the slightest. The fact that his street name was Sloane, had absolutely nothing to do with any regressed feelings on his behalf, he swears. He always liked the name, plus he was never short of a good lay. And the fact that he calls his proud system of viruses that could cripple nuclear defense firewalls, the Cam series, has nothing to do with a sense of longing for the past. In the end it has the effect he may, or may not, have hoped for. A significantly bigger (muscles), and more rugged (fucking hot) Cam standing in his doorway, ringing his bell. \"Hi.\" \"Hi...\" \"I got your message.\" Huh. So maybe it was intentional. Anyways Cam brought benefits with him, including the ability to open a huge can of whoop ass on anyone messing with Ferris. Including the postman (god, did that mail stealing asshole ever deserve it.) Sometimes he missed the old awkward skinny Cam but then mornings rolled around. Cam never wore shirts in the morning, and he was so much more liberal with those childhood grins Ferris remembers so vividly. He wouldn't say he was exactly hot for his best friend. Who was he kidding? The kid grew up to be sex in a tight, tight body. His arse alone. Ferris sometimes daydreamed about tossing euro coins at him, watching them bounce right off, earning him a few strange looks from Cam. But he was still the same old Cam, oblivious as all hell. And eventually his straight laced morals began to rub off on Ferris. He no longer sold his viruses or his hacking skills, to the highest bidder, but instead the one that could do the most good. And often they were very short on the monetary funds. Ferris didn't squabble the tiny stuff, though, he just took even more than usual from the rich, giving to the poor what they deserved, but keeping a small amount (39%) for himself. It felt good. But after a short squabble with some Basque independence rebels over a couple bottles of Izarra, they lost their territory in Madrid. Luckily Cam offered a few suggestions. \"I hear Paris looks amazing this time of year.\" Which was unlikely since it was the beginning of spring, and Paris was likely to be a wet, flooded, hell hole. \"Eh, might as well.\" Thing is he was always avoiding Paris, for the longest time. They made a promise all three of them, Him, Cam and Sloane, that they would conquer to Paris together (pinky swear). It felt weird sitting on that plane, only the two of them. Imagine his surprise, when landing at Roissy, he found none other than Sloane Peterson waiting at the gate, holding up a sign with the words \"Sausage King of Chicago\" printed out in all seriousness. He saw Cam hide a smirk in his hand. Oh so that's how it was, he knew Cam couldn't forget. And if he thought Cam was hot. Sloane was indescribable. She looked like she stepped of the pages of Vogue. She reeked of high fashion, wearing Channel no 5's lesser know cousin no 19, with an air of sophistication. Cam walked up to her, took her hand, and pressed a mockingly airy kiss over it, stepping aside and introducing her to Ferris with his eternal crooked grin. \"Mr. Bueller, I'd like you to meet Sloane Peterson, grifter extraordinaire.\" Ferris spent the next few hours sporting a grin the size of the Cheshire cat's. His life would never be boring again. It was an understated fact that the three of them would live together (happily ever after, it was only logical, of course). Sloane already owned a building on the Rue de la Harpe, so there was no need for them to enjoy the presence of a snoopy real estate agent. Ferris hopped right back into his Robin Hood criminal ways, Cam somehow convincing Sloane to join them down their moral path (of the ninja). Ferris was the hacker/mastermind (extraordinaire), he planned everything out on all their jobs, right down to the point, defeating anything technological standing in their way. Sloane was the grifter, worming her way through people, and shifting identities with the drop of a hat. And Cam was the hitter, protecting the team with all of his (sexy, sexy) strength. Conquer Paris, pshh. They conquered Paris within the first week. Now, Ferris thinks, he should have set higher goals for himself when he was younger. It left them to focus on other things. Art, for one, the smoldering sexual tension between the three of them, for another. Sometimes he caught looks tossed between Cam and Sloane, looks that would have made any god fearing Parisian grandmother blush from shame (lust). It was something he found himself extremely okay with, to the point where he spent much of his showering time picturing them together, sometimes he would even add himself to the mix, making for a delightful cacophony of images (yummy). Sometimes they even threw those looks at him. No words could describe how that made him feel. It was a tossup between butterflies, and pin-them-down-and-screw-them-silly feelings. But so far the sexual tension remained just that, tension, building up, just waiting for the levee to break. That breaking levee was Ferris. After a particularly tricky job involving the Milieu, and some crack addicted cheese artisans. Ferris was in a warehouse trying to locate a safe loaded full of the green stuff (or multi coloured stuff, in the case of the euro). Sloane was out with the boss trying to convince him he was the next Turner (more like Bob Ross) to keep him away from the warehouse, Cam was with her, watching her back. Ferris was so busy listening to Sloane's practiced French accent through the earbuds, he didn't even notice the man sneaking up on him, until he felt the sharp cracking pain on his head, and everything went numb. He woke up with a funnel shoved down his throat. Followed by French hisses and yelling that he only caught the tail end of (don't tell Sloane, but Ferris kept putting off the French lessons, his instructor had a really annoying nasally voice). When the men did not get an answer from Ferris (how did they expect one, there was something in his mouth), they poured water down his throat until he came up sputtering. He finally caught the last two sentences the men were saying, something about the Corsica mafia and territory. Which meant a) they will probably kill him after a slow demonstratively filmed death, and b) Sloane and Cam's gig was not up. so they would remain safe. Small pleasures, life's all about the small pleasures, he thought before passing out. He awoke to find himself tied to a bed. Except it was warm on either side of his body. Turning his head he spotted Cam on his left sporting a nasty black eye. And on his right, Sloane with a split lip. What he thought were restraints, were actually arms and legs thrown haphazardly over his thighs and stomach so that he was effectively pinned to the bed. His bed, he noticed by the sheets. \"Huh. Well this is new.\" Sloane opened one sleepy eye. \"Hi.\" \"Hi back.\" He turned to face Cam who was now awake and touching (petting) his hair. \"So anyone want to tell me how I got here.\" \"You screamed, Ferris, then you wouldn't answer the coms.\" \"Not like a little girl, I hope.\" Cam snuggled closer. Sighing into his neck, he whispered into Ferris' skin, \"Exactly like a little girl.\" Ferris grinned. Sloane was rubbing circles into his chest, \"Don't scare us like that, love. When we walked up on that scene, you should have seen Cam go downtown on the men that hurt you, I may have contributed a few punches myself.\" Ferris looked down at his chest seeing their conjoined hands, bruises and cuts over the knuckles. He picked them up, and brought them to his mouth, kissing them consecutively. \"I fucking love you both.\" \"Yeah, we know. Go back to sleep.\" ","Summary":" Don't own these characters University and Ferris was simply not a match to be. Considering he hacke"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"I'm Dying","Author":"junecat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11041496","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Now, don't you stay up too late,\" Ferris's mom warned. She stared down at him. \"Sleep helps the immune system.\" Ferris nodded, grinning inwardly. It was so easy to dupe Katie that he almost felt bad tricking her so simply. \"I know. I know...\" He sighed dramatically. \"It's just that I've been sleeping all day...\" \"I know, Honey.\" She leaned down to reach him where he was on the couch and kissed him on the forehead lovingly. \"Goodnight. Love you.\" Ferris waited until she'd disappeared down the hallway before he threw off his blanket. He padded into the kitchen, where he poured himself a glass of orange Tang, and quietly went back out to the living room. Making himself comfortable on the couch, he turned on the TV and flipped through the channels until he found an episode of Miami Vice. He watched for a while, but every time the Ferrari came on screen, Ferris fidgeted and felt his stomach twist in his stomach. Just the sight of it was enough to make him swim with guilt for what had happened to Mr. Frye's car. The day had been a good one overall, and Cameron seemed to enjoy it too, but Ferris couldn't stop worrying about the \"little chat\" Cameron was going to have with his dad about the car. He thought about what Cameron had said earlier, comparing his retainer to the Ferrari, and Ferris became even more nervous. He remembered the retainer incident pretty well. It had been in seventh grade. Cameron, on Ferris's insistence (\"...or you'll be finding a new best friend!\"), was playing soccer during lunch at school. After having the ball kicked at his mouth, his retainer had fallen out and was stepped on by someone on the other team—whether or not it was on purpose, Ferris had never been sure. He would never forget the horrified look on Cameron's face at seeing the plastic fragments shattered on the grass; Ferris imagined he'd had the same look when he looked out the demolished window of the Fryes' garage. When Mr. Frye had picked Cameron up from school that day, he'd been able to tell right off the bat that his son was hiding something. Cameron confessed, and Ferris, who was waiting for his mom all the way on the other side of the parking lot, had heard Mr. Frye shouting for a good ten minutes before they drove away. As the car pulled away, Ferris had seen Cameron curling in on himself, as if he was trying to hide in the cushion of his seat. 'That was a little piece of plastic. This is a Ferrari.' Ferris involuntarily shivered. He pushed his blanket away again and started to head up to bed. He was halfway up the stairs when he heard something he was very used to hearing: The Piece of Shit was coming down the street. That wasn't strange. Cameron had been known to show up at the Buellers' house at the middle of the night for any number of reasons, most of which included the line, \"I'm dying.\" Ferris immediately launched back and raced down the stairs. When he got outside, he watched Cameron pull his car up the driveway slowly, park, and hesitate to pull his key from the ignition. Curious about his friend's indecision, Ferris walked over and rapped on the car window. \"Hey, Stir-Frye, you in there?\" he called. Cameron, who had his head tilted down and hadn't seen him coming, jumped. After a moment, he nodded. He turned off The Piece of Shit jerkily and slid out of the car, slamming the door behind him with a metallic clang. \"How'd it go?\" Ferris asked, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. Cameron didn't say anything, and they started walking up to the house together. \"The talk—with your dad—I mean.\" Cameron sighed. \"Not so well,\" he admitted and turned his head toward Ferris for the first time. Ferris stopped walking and gaped up at the nasty bruise that ran down the entire left side of his best friend's face. \"Holy shit...\" he breathed out. The bruise was an almost innocent shade of red that told the world it was fairly new and was going to get worse before it got better. Cameron just shook his head. He walked up into the house and sat down in the kitchen. Ferris, who followed quickly, sat beside him. In the light of the kitchen chandelier, he could see that his best friend's lip was split too. There was a long stretch of silence. Ferris grappled for the right words to say, but he couldn't think of anything that seemed right. He could ask the standard Who and Why, but he already knew the answers. He could apologize for starting the whole thing with the car, but Cameron would just blame himself for giving in to Ferris that morning. \"You want some ice?\" he finally blurted out. Cameron shook his head. \"I'm fine.\" \"Okay,\" Ferris said, nodding. For once in his life, he had absolutely no idea what to say. Finally, he had to ask: \"Because of the car?\" Cameron nodded and shrugged. \"And because I finally had the balls to yell back.\" He chuckled, ringing his hands. \"When Morris got home I was sitting right where the car should've been\"—he laughed again—\"and you should have seen his face… God—I wish I'd recorded it. The bastard looked like he could die right there. And then he starts screaming at me, 'Where's the car? Huh? What'd you do, you little shit?'\" Ferris chewed on his bottom lip, staring at Cameron without saying anything. His best friend had a weird expression on his face: a mix of amusement, anger, and despair. Ferris wanted to say something that a friend should say in a situation like this, but he couldn't get his mind to work properly and form a useful sentence. Unable to say something supportive, he gulped out, \"So what did you do?\" Cameron was still wearing that stupid, completely inappropriate grin on his face. \"I stood up and I told him to look out the window.\" His smile started to flicker away. \"And he looked—and he flipped out.\" Cameron stopped there, as if he didn't want to say anything else, but he glanced over at Ferris, who knew that he probably looked the biggest idiot ever with his mouth open and his eyes wide. \"Anyway,\" Cameron said, taking in a deep breath, \"He starts screaming at me again and, for the first time ever, I yelled back. I said—uh—'Maybe if you acted like you loved something other than your fucking car once in a while this wouldn't have happened.' So he spins around and next thing I know…\" He waved to his face. \"But eventually he calmed down, so I came here.\" Ferris stared at Cameron for a long time before he said, \"I think the blow up mattress is still in my room from last time.\" There; that was all he had to say for Cameron to give a small smile and start walking up to Ferris's room. ","Summary":" \"Now, don't you stay up too late,\" Ferris's mom warned. She stared down at him. \"Sleep helps the"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Take a Ride","Author":"Bialy-Bloom","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10940009","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WOW, what a stupid title. Hope you enjoy it anyway. :) \"…Ferris…Are you sure about this?\"Cameron asked,staring up at the looping,colorful rails before us. \"Cameron,babe,just do it.\"I said,trying not to roll my eyes.\"It's fun,I've done it tons of times.\" We were at an amusement park about 15 minutes out of Chicago.I was on a mission to loosen the stick that'd been shoved up Cameron's ass for far too 'd taken a good 20 minutes just to coax him out of the car. \"Just come on,it ain't even that freaky!\"I tried once Cameron's mind,this was probably the equivelant of us standing on the edge of a 50 foot cliff and me saying,\"Just jump,it ain't even that high!\" Ever since I was about 9,I'd come here with friends and family,and I first rode this ride when I was about was freaky at first, I admit,but cameron was 17;he needed that kind of,albeit small,rush of adrenaline. \"Summer break's over in a month,Cam,and then we'll be can't be so scared of everything.\" \"That's easy for you to say!\"Cameron snapped,causing several heads to turn our way. Now I was getting frustrated. \"Cameron,\"I grabbed his arm and dragged him to the entrance of the ride.\"Just go on the damn ride!That's why people go to amusement parks!To go on rides!\" \"Hey,I didn't want to come here,\"He desperately tried to get away from a chance,bud.\"YOU made me come here.D'ya ever think that, maybe,JUSt MAYBE,I don't like dealing with your bullshit?\" It was too late for Cameron, employee ushered us into a was one good thing about coming on a weekday;no lines. Cameron's eyes widened;Big blue saucers of fear and hatred (probably directed at me). As we went up that first hill,the suspense rising,I could swear I heard Cameron whimpering.\"F-Ferris?\" He whispered. \"'Ey?\" Then we hit the top.I felt a pair of sweaty hands grip my upper down we went. \"I HAAAATTTTEEEE YOOOOOOOUUUUUU…!\" I threw my free arm up in the air and from the sudden rush you always get after that first hill,and partially because Cameron had now buried his face in my shoulder and was screaming like he was being murdered with a rusty axe. One loop and two hills later,we stopped. Cameron slowly raised his head and looked around.I patted his shoulder.\"See?That wasn't too bad,was it?\" He looked up at me.\"Ferris…?\" He still hadn't let go of my arm,but he had loosened his grip.\"Yeah?\" \"…Thanks for,uh…makin' me go on the ride.\" He awkwardly climbed out,and I glanced back at me over his shoulder and smiled. I returned it with a could be a real cutie sometimes. ","Summary":" WOW, what a stupid title. Hope you enjoy it anyway. :) \"…Ferris…Are you sure about this?\"Cameron "},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"sell your body to the night","Author":"leoblooms","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10939586","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What the hell happened to Ferris Bueller? It was a question that got asked only a few months into the college freshman year of the people who graduated with him. It was a question that got asked by faculty at his old high school. It was a question that was asked by his two closest friends. Or, at least, they once were. Ferris Bueller had left a sort of imprint of the lives of many, be it from his advice or from his shenanigans. People remembered his name. And they didn't forget it either. But there was something peculiar about this question. It got asked so frequently, but still didn't have an answer. No one truly knew what Ferris was currently up to. \"Alright, buddy, pay up. You know I don't come cheap.\" Ferris pulled his jeans back on, eyes scouring the room for his pay. \"It's on the table.\" The man groaned, still sprawled out on that shitty motel bed, dark hair disheveled and chest still rising and falling with each heavy breath. Ferris could hardly look back at him, son of a bitch was practically relishing in the moment like hooking up in a motel was a religious experience. Like he was proud of what he'd done. It's not like he did anything that Ferris had never done or had done to him before. The guy needed to get off his high horse. He had sex in some back alley, two dollar motel with a trashy prostitute and talked a lot of shit about his stupid fucking wife and her twisted obsession to break his already blue balls. During sex. Made it a little hard for Ferris to even begin to enjoy himself. He walked over to the table, a slight limp in his step. That prick was unimpressive in bed (no wonder his wife didn't sleep with him; he knew anyone could have a better orgasm alone than with him) but he was quite thicker than his average client, who were typically the either thin or small cocked men who paid to get laid. He swiped the $400, counted it-it looked like a hell of a lot more when it was only in twenties-and shoved it into his pocket along with the $800 he made earlier. He really didn't come cheap, but people still paid his \"$200 for the whole show\" prices. \"Where's my hit?\" Ferris asked, looking over the the table for the small bag. No matter how hard he looked, there was nothing there. \"What hit?\" \"You told me that you'd fork over a hit if I charged you less for 3 hours. You broke $200 off my regular price. I want my hit.\" Now, here's the thing about his job. He hated the sex, which was odd because that was a pretty big part of the job. He usually never enjoyed himself because it was the same routine. Every now and then, he'd get someone who paid for a long session just because they wanted to make him feel good. They'd break from The Routine of making out against the wall, quick bit of oral, then bending him over and fucking him without even bothering to help him come. They'd make it fun, pay $50 more to use toys or, you know, actually go down on him or- hey, just a fun thought that nobody seems to try- include more rimming. Seriously, he could not understand the men who found it awkward to try it out. They didn't know how fun it was, clearly. What he did like about the job is the amount of drug dealers he fucked. They went after him first because they saw those bloodshot eyes and that crumbling resolve and knew that if they offered crack, he was going to take and discount it. Chicago was loaded with dealers, be it the smooth pros who evaded police but still made a stop to fuck that pretty boy on the corner in the back of their vintage Ferrari's and Caddies or the shallow, slowly fading drug addicts who made that shit out of baking soda in their basements. And when they didn't offer even though he knew that they had what he needed on them, he tended to ham up the sex, make it seem like he was really enjoying himself and nine times out of ten, he got what he wanted. Not this time, despite putting what he thought was his best show yet. He was especially proud of his over-enthusiastic moaning during the ritualistic blowjob when he had his hair pulled and got called a \"pretty little cock slut\", as if he'd never gotten that one before. \"Sweetheart,\" Ferris felt like puking. Stupid fucking condescending bastard. \"You were good and all, but you ain't gettin' free shit from me.\" Is it rude to murder him with a lamp, Ferris was actually thinking that it was a good idea. \"Why don't we compromise? I'll give you $200 straight up for it.\" The man laughed that same throaty laugh that he had when Ferris started his usual round of forced dirty talk. \"I charge double than what you've got in your pocket. What else you got?\" \"What else do you want?\" \"Pay me 600- I know you've got it- and another hour with your mouth on my cock and it's yours.\" Ferris just smiled that wicked smile that he hadn't recalled using since senior year when he snagged his best friend's dad's pride and joy to ditch school on a \"sick day\". He was not only very good at his job, but he was just as manipulative. He had been put in compromising situations many times. He bent the world to cater to his very desires and he'd be damned if he couldn't do it once more. \"I'll give you your $400 back and let you do whatever you want with me for another hour.\" There was a silence that drowned both men in the room. The kind of silence that Ferris hated because he knew he was only a few seconds from putting up with this sleazebag for another hour but getting his hit or getting brutally assaulted and having to go and suck at the cock of some other man for what he so desperately craved. Then that man smiled. \"Your hit's in my jacket pocket on the right inside pocket.\" Ferris genuinely considered pouncing for the jacket and booking it. \"Now, you little whore,\" Oh, how original. \"I've still got you for another hour.\" Well, a deal is a deal. Ferris longed for what was in that pocket. But he ignored it and shuffled his way back to the bed, fumbling to remove his jeans yet again. He tried to bump and brush his own cock in order to be somewhat aroused. This hour was going to be far too long. Ferris reflected on his life one night as he leaned against a lamp post, the knockoff crack that went for cheap pumping through his veins. He remembered a young man on his walk to an inn a few blocks away that he had been called to- dealer said this client needed something and needed it quickly. That young man was named Cameron. Gangly, shy, self-conscious kid he last saw at graduation. He remembered making out with him in the boys bathroom after drinking a little too much spiked punch. Cameron was rare. Because he genuinely believed Ferris would do something good with his life. He praised him, but not to the extent that some others did. Ferris believed that Cameron only praised him because he wanted to see some side of himself in Ferris' personality. Cameron admitted that during their drunken encounter on their last night together. \"With that personality,\" Cameron would always start as they sat together on the park bench in the middle of the night thinking about their future, \"You could become an actor. Or a film major. You could be an entertainer, Ferris.\" Bet he never saw Ferris becoming a drug-addicted prostitute, but that was beyond the point. Cameron was good. He saw nothing in himself. That boy was elbows deep in self-confidence issues. He never thought about his future, all he really wanted to was lay in bed for a solid twenty years where he could feel sorry for himself in solidarity. But Ferris knew that even if Cameron was wandering through life in a fashion similar to a small child in a shopping mall who can't find their mother, he was probably doing better than Ferris ever could at this point. The inn he was called to was quaint. It smelled like semi-decent food and burning fires. Better than sex, cheap alcohol and sweat. There was a man sitting a rather nice looking seat that was in front of the lobby's fireplace. Blue dress shirt fit nicely around his relatively muscular arms, black dress pants that just looked like they would highlight his ass nicely, slightly disheveled dark hair and a rather youthful face. He turned rather expectantly, the clear indicator that that was his client, and when Ferris caught a good look at him, he didn't exactly know which way he wanted to run. He should have stopped reminiscing about Cameron. Because there he was. It was like just the thought was a curse. And did he want to run towards him, embrace him and remember the good days, or did he want to turn and run out of there? No, his dealer even said Cam was an urgent case. He took in a deep breath, trying to relax his pounding heart and made his way to his newest client. Cameron took one look at Ferris and felt a wave of shock and horror and concern wash over him. The bright-eyed boy who lived on the edge and did whatever he did because he felt like it had become his ambiguously titled escort. The boy who seemingly everyone fell in love with because they didn't seem have a choice was stalking his way over to him, eyes dark and bloodshot, expression unreadable. For the first time, he wasn't able to recognize Ferris. \"Mr. Frye?\" Ferris said once they stood face to face. Cameron swallowed hard and nodded, sheepish about the situation. Without a second thought, Ferris seized his hand and lead him down what appeared to be the hall towards the rooms. \"What room are we in?\" \"2-shit, sorry, not 2-12.\" Cameron felt foolish as he felt himself get dragged down the hall. This was happening and he was scared as hell. They both ended up on the bed together-that one was a given. What wasn't is that Cameron didn't kiss him, didn't even try. No touching, no kissing, just talking. They sat side by side on the bed, trying to catch up. It was all just a relief for Ferris who felt as though he deserved a break. That is, until Cameron dropped a bombshell on him. \"You want to become one of us?\" Ferris asked the question as though he had a gang behind him. \"Ferris, you don't understand. My dad waited until I was of legal age and then booted me so he couldn't get arrested. He's got mom brainwashed. She didn't even try to stop it.\" Cameron was truly the mark of a broken man. \"I've got nothing except a handful of 1 dollar bills.\" \"How did you land a place here?\" The place was swanky and if Cam was running around with so little cash, he couldn't explain it. \"My dad arranged a night here before he booted me. Then mom refused to go. He never cancelled, so I'm under his name.\" Cameron took a sharp breath, getting used to it all. His entire body felt numb. \"He pays for everything in advance. This isn't costing me a penny. But back to the point. Ferris, how do I get into this?\" \"Cam, this is dangerous business. You deal with a lot of shit in this profession.\" \"How much worse could it be than my regular life?\" It was the sorrow, the complete helplessness in his voice that told him that he was being entirely serious. Cameron was desperate for help and the only way he saw it fitting was to resort to selling himself. He didn't want a hookup, he wanted to become one of them. \"You're more open to rape, murder, assault, being arrested. One wrong move and you're done have to be sure about what you're doing. We can't really expect to walk out and leave the past behind us. It follows you everywhere. Get caught and it literally follows you.\" \"Ferris, please. I don't have a choice. I need this.\" Cameron had fallen far too far to turn back. He could easily get a job that paid minimum wage, but how was he supposed to support himself on that? With this, it was at least $1000 a day. Sure, there was risk, but he had to do something. \"You're absolutely sure?\" Cameron nodded. \"Alright, then I'll give you the jist of it. You have to find a good spot. Back alleys in populated parts of the cities are a hit. You're a little shy, but this job needs you to be open and flirty. You have to be ready for anything. Scope out who you see. They always come to you first.\" \"Damn, that's a lot. What else?\" \"You have to be conscious of prices. Whatever they want, have a price for it. Or if they cough up something, have something ready for what they're paying you. They hand over $30, that's a handjob with little enthusiasm. $50 gets you one with enthusiasm. Anywhere close to $100 gets them oral. Try to always put your all into that one. It's not too bad given that you're gonna give up to 6 of those in an hour. You're new to this. Prove yourself and you can charge more. $100 and higher is the whole show. Start charging per hour. They want you for one, ask for $150. Keep adding $50 by the hour. If they want to get kinky, accept nothing less than $250. If the kink is really fucking weird, charge more.\" \"So make sure I ask about kinks before I commit myself to that?\" \"Please do. I got stuck with this freak that was desperate to have me recite sections of the Christian Bible.\" Ferris shook his head. \"It's not exactly stamped on my chest that I'm Jewish, but it was really awkward.\" Cameron cringed. \"And it can be worse?\" \"Yeah. But not all kinks are bad. Charge more for the ones you can't get behind. I made a pretty penny from that guy.\" \"This sounds horrifyingly confusing.\" \"It is. Write it all down, study it, then get on out there.\" Ferris stood up from the bed, but Cameron reached out and grabbed his wrist. \"What?\" \"What if I'm not appealing? What if no one comes to me? Who out there likes a transgender prostitute?\" The corner of Ferris' lips folded into a smile. \"Cam, listen carefully. Out there, where desperate men long to get some escape from their wives, they don't care what parts they're working with. They might seem a little surprised at first, but you respond nicely and give them what they want, they'll flip you and take you from behind anyway.\" \"Not exactly settling, but I guess I can work with it.\" \"And you're handsome, Cam. You've got a good look about you. You've got that pretty boy image that the guys out there,\" He flourished his hand towards the window, attempting to indicate Chicago. \"Can't get enough of.\" Cameron relaxed slightly, even if relaxing is tough when you're going to go be a prostitute. \"Thank you, Ferris. It was good seeing you again.\" Ferris bent down and pressed a gentle kiss to his cheek. \"You too, Cam.\" \"You got anywhere to stay tonight?\" He asked. Ferris shook his head. He never usually did. \"Wanna stay with me?\" \"That would be incredible.\" Ferris kicked off his shoes, shook his hand a little bit in order to indicate to Cameron that he was indeed still holding onto him- to which he promptly let go, went to the other side and climbed into the bed. \"Damn, I haven't slept in such a nice bed in a while.\" \"Feels like I haven't either.\" Cameron fumbled under the blanket, finding Ferris' hand and holding it tightly. \"Are we going to be okay?\" \"We'll be fine.\" ","Summary":" What the hell happened to Ferris Bueller? It was a question that got asked only a few months into t"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"He's Gonna Marry Me","Author":"JennaTheMusicalPythonite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9081045","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HEY, PEEPS! Ok, So let's get this intro over with… This story's about what happens when Ferris and Sloane meet up after she graduates. Happy Reading! Ullabloom I just got home from class. The last day of my freshman year at UPenn. Yep, I scored high enough on my SAT to get in. So did Cameron. And Sloane, she didn't know it yet, but she was going to have the best summer of her life. I was in Chicago for the summer, and I brought Cameron along. We were on different planes, and he arrived half an hour before me. When I got off the plane, I heard Sloane. \"Ferris!\" I immediately recognized her voice. I greeted her with a kiss, but she wouldn't stop there. We were making a scene at the airport. An entire group of people coming from Pennsylvania looked at us. It was embarrassing …and Ferris Bueller is not one to be embarrassed. \"Sloane, Baby.\" I said as soon as she stopped. \"You just graduated, right?\" \"What do you think, Silly?\" \"And remember when you said you would never get married?\" \"Yes?\" \"You're still sure about that?\" I knelt down, and pulled a box out of my pocket. Her face took on a grimace of horror. \"Will you, Sloane Peterson…accept this promise ring?\" She stood there with her mouth open. Then she started laughing. \"You idiot!\" she laughed as she playfully punched my arm. \"I hate you! Same old Ferris.\" \"Same old Sloane.\" \"Listen, I have to go do some Laundry. My mom doesn't know I'm here! I'll meet you at your hotel later. B-Bye, Honey!\" she kissed me again, and left. I stood there shuddering. How could I tell her the truth? Cameron had a girlfriend, of course, but she treated him like dirt. He envied my long-distance relationship with Sloane. But, come to think of it, who wouldn't? She's amazing. She's the sweetest, kindest, funniest girl I know. I wasn't surprised when he asked about her. We were sitting in our hotel room, and he started talking about her. \"So, you picked her up at the airport today?\" he asked. I knew he had a thing for her, but she was still my girl. \"Why do you care?\" I responded. \"I miss her.\" \"Shut up.\" \"What, I can't miss someone I haven't seen since last year?\" \"Back off!\" \"Alright, Ferris! You don't have to get all hyper!\" \"She's my girl!\" \" Your girl? What about Lucy? Admit it, Ferris. To you right now, Sloane is just another one of your old flames.\" I was just about to punch him in the neck when I heard Sloane at the door. \"Ferris,\" she said. \"Who's Lucy?\" ","Summary":" HEY, PEEPS! Ok, So let's get this intro over with… This story's about what happens when Ferris and "},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Moment of Truth","Author":"High Roller Yunalesca","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10164779","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: This was originally written precisely a month ago for an assignment in Creative Writing. The prompt was what happened to Cameron when he stood up to his father after the events of Ferris Bueller's Day Off and this came about. I hope you guys enjoy. -Voltalia It was late at night, most likely midnight, when he came home from his profession as a stock broker. Morris had been worn out from running around, making sure everything was exactly where it should be; the numbers and such were signifiers of potential economic disaster and he knew it. Everybody in the business knew it. But he needed to put those worries to rest now; he had a vintage automobile to tend to. He had taken a taxi, the twentieth one running (the taxi always exactly had to be the twentieth cab to function or else he wouldn't take it), and stopped by Starbucks before he even made it to the museum that was his home. He made sure to go through the garage first since he was always eager to see his Ferrari. But he didn't see it this time. The red metallic siren seemed to have vanished. \"Oh God...\" Morris muttered. \"Oh God. Oh God. Oh my God! No!\" He couldn't help but panic. To make matters worse, the huge glass window appeared to have been shattered. Out of the blue, he felt something tap the back of his neck. He turned his head around to see his son Cameron. \"Cameron?\" he spoke up. \"I thought you were sick.\" \"I was.\" Cameron replied. \"But I got better.\" \"Jesus, boy!\" Morris shouted. \"You scared me! Never do that again!\" Cameron nodded his head and mouthed, \"Okay.\" \"Okay. Tell me, son. What happened to my Ferrari?\" \"I killed it.\" \"You what?!\" \"Yep. And I did it to spite you, Dad.\" Now Morris was starting to fume. \"You goddamn son of a bitch! Do you have any idea how much it meant to me? How much it cost? How much it will cost now?! \" Cameron just stood there, grinning ear-to-ear and posing smugly, while his father shot off profane and vicious rounds at him. He could care less about what Sloane or Ferris thought right now. All he cared about was that for the first time ever, he felt exalted. \"Are you even listening to me?!\" he heard his father roar at him, but he pretended not to have heard him. Cameron then shook his head and his eyes rolled up to his head; then at that moment, he reached nirvana. ","Summary":" Author's Note: This was originally written precisely a month ago for an assignment in Creative Writ"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Forever","Author":"wavesfromhome","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10410020","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cameron Frye used to say that Ferris Bueller was his hero. But that was when he was seventeen and when days were meant for skipping school and living instead of working till five and dancing with drunkenness until midnight in anonymous pubs. Cameron Frye used to think that the days of the terrible threesome, the terrifying three, their very own power of three, would last forever. That years and years and years from that day when he is seventeen and ditches school, he would still be a planet orbiting the great Ferris Bueller. These days, Cameron Frye is twenty nine, so close to the big three-oh that he can taste it, and it scares the shit out of him. The apartment next door to the pigsty that he lives in belongs to Sloane Peterson, Ferris Bueller's long time flame. Sometimes, when it's almost one, when her apartment was closer than his, Cameron can hear the two of them fumbling against her doorway, can hear the vibrations of their voices rumbling through the walls. Later, when the squeaking of bed springs has finally stopped, when the lack of sound wakes him up, he will smile just a little bit into the night. Some things never change. Except, of course, they do . Everything changes the night that Cameron Frye wakes up, not because of deafening silence, but because of the crashing and banging from inside his own apartment. Metal bat in hand, Cameron peers out of his room, all wide eyes and floppy hair that just won't quit. He can make out a figure on sprawled out on his couch; a flick of the light and the baseball bat falls and the intruder is revealed, drunk and lazy and languid. Ferris Bueller is on Cameron Frye's couch. \"Not so loud!\" \"Ferris? What are you doing here?\" Ferris Bueller gives Cameron Frye his best drunken smile, his head lolling back, and he gestures for Cameron to sit on the couch. \"Remember that car? Your father's car? Remember that? It was a great car. I want a car like that.\" His feet lift from the couch for a brief second as Cameron takes the seat, giving his best friend a look of pure amazement. \"Do I remember that car? Of course I remember that car. My dad—\" His voice is cut off by Ferris's laugh, high and jovial and honest. \"Yeah. That was a good day.\" \"You're only saying that because you wanted to fuck that car.\" \"What's with you and Sloane about that? I didn't fuck that car. I just want to fuck Sloane in that car.\" \"Ah. Yes. I'm sure that's all there was too it. I'm sure it didn't have to do with—\" \"Hey! You promised you would never mention that again!\" \"Yeah, well. It's two in the morning,. What did you expect?\" The two sit in a companionable silence for a few moments, lost in memories of convertibles. \"Actually, there is something I wanted to talk to you about.\" Ferris's voice is suddenly very, very sober. Cameron feels his heart speed up in his chest; nothing good has ever come out of a sober-drunk Ferris. \"What?\" Eyes him warily. \"Well, you know we're this little group. Friends forever. Family. We don't know where we'll be in a year, in two years, but we know that we'll be together , right?\" Cameron opens his mouth, the replies of Yes and together until there's no more days to be spent and the tremendous trio all ready to jump out of his mouth, but Ferris cuts him off. \"The thing is, we'll all be together. And I wouldn't do anything to change that, you know? I love you. And I love Sloane. I really, really love Sloane. I've…I've pictured marrying her since I was seventeen years old,\" Ferris swings into a sitting position, pulling a box from his pocket. \"I'm going to ask her to marry me. Well, I want to. But only if you give me your blessing. Because I want all of us to be together and I don't want to do anything that would screw that up.\" Cameron Frye stares at his best friend, mouth gaping open. \"Cameron? Come on, say something. Say anything.\" And then, Cameron Frye laughs. He laughs and laughs and laughs , gut wrenching, side splitting, gasping-for-air laughter, shattering the still of the night. \"Cameron—\" \"Shhh….Hold on. Let me savor the moment. The great—\" Cameron attempts to say between guffaws, \"The great Ferris Bueller, CEO of his own million-dollar company, needs my permission to marry one of his best friend? To marry one of my best friends? Because he thinks it might split us up ?\" \"What's so funny about that?\" \"If anything, it'll only bring us closer together!\" and then both are laughing, two best friends in the couch. \"So when are you going to propose?\" Cameron asks when their laughter has finally subsided. \"I don't know. Probably tomorrow. I just can't wait any longer, you know? She's the one. She is the one.\" \"I'm really happy for you guys. She'll say yes, no doubt about it.\" \"Thanks. I really hope she does, and I think she will, but a little part of me doubts that she would say ye—\" \"Don't even go there. She'll say yes. Trust me on this. She'll say yes.\" Six months later, Cameron Frye stands witness as his two best friends promise themselves to each other forever. He's got an awful pink blouse on because Sloane wanted him to be her maid of honor. And he's got a ridiculous vest on because Ferris wanted him to be his best man. Cameron Frye used to say that Ferris Bueller was his hero. These days, Cameron Frye says that Ferris Peterson-Bueller is his best friend. Because hero is a little to unhuman –like for Ferris Peterson-Bueller. Because maybe that's all he ever needed to be. Cameron Frye used to think that the days of the terrible threesome, the terrifying three, their own little power of three would be forever. Cameron Frye was right. ","Summary":" Cameron Frye used to say that Ferris Bueller was his hero. But that was when he was seventeen and w"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Cameron's Delusion","Author":"trufflesun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10126595","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cameron sat in a psychologist's office. His parents took him there for 'killing' the Ferrari. He told them that Ferris had taken the car, but they wouldn't believe it. The doctor walked in the room. \"Hello Cameron,\"The doctor said,\"How are you?\" Cameron looked around nervously. \"Hello,\"Cameron said,\"I'm fine.\" \"What happened with your father's car, Cameron,\"The doctor asked. \"Well, Ferris took it,\"Cameron said,\"It was dumb to go with him. But it was me who crashed it. It was an accident. See, we had it up on a jack, trying to reverse the miles by going backwards. It didn't work.\" \"We,\"The doctor asked. \"Umm..me, Ferris, and Sloane, Ferris's girlfriend,\"Cameron said,\"I kicked the car, I was angry, and dented it a little. I decided to stand up to my father. Then I leaned my leg on the car, forgetting that it was still running, and it flew threw the glass and onto the ground. Ferris said he'd take the blame, but I told him I would do it. Ferris and Sloane agreed, then they left.\" \"Cameron, may I...speak to Ferris,\"The doctor asked,\"Where is he?\" \"Ferris is busy,\"Cameron said,\"I think he's in the bathroom.\" \"Would you please go get him,\"The doctor asked,\"I would like to speak to him.\" \"Yeah I'll go get him,\"Cameron said,\"Excuse me.\" Cameron walked into the bathroom. He looked into the mirror, closely, until he saw Ferris looking back at him. \"Ferris,\"Cameron said. \"What,\" Ferris asked. \"The doctor wants to talk to you,\"Cameron said. \"'Bout what,\"Ferris asked. \"I don't know,\"Cameron said. \"All right,\"Ferris said. Ferris left the bathroom and went to the doctor's office. \"Hi, I'm Ferris,\"Ferris said. \"Yes, I've been wanting to meet you,\"The doctor said,\"I wanted to ask you a few questions.\" \"Go ahead,\"Ferris said. \"Is Cameron your friend,\"He asked. \"He's my best friend,\"Ferris said. \"Tell me about the car, Ferris,\"The doctor said. \"Well,I kind of took it,\"Ferris said,\"I didn't mean to get Cameron in trouble, I just wanted to have a little fun, is all.\" \"That's all for today, Ferris,\"The doctor said,\"Thank you.\" Ferris nodded. The doctor spoke in the hall with Cameron's parents. \"Is there any hope for him,\"Cameron's mother asked. \"Cameron has something called Dissociative Personality Disorder,\"The doctor said,\"It's a rare disorder that causes a person to believe that they are two or more individuals. There is no known cure or treatment for it, but we can continue therapy sessions to find out more about Cameron's personalities.\" \"What could have caused this,\"Cameron's mother asked. \"It has been linked to child abuse, or a traumatic event,\"The doctor said,\"Has Cameron been through anything traumatic lately?\" \"Yes,\"Cameron's father said,\"Just over a year ago. He went for a ride with his friend. They were hit by someone who was speeding. Cameron didn't see the person. His friend didn't survive, according to Cameron, he was decapitated. Cameron, took it pretty hard.\" \"What was the friends name,\"The doctor asked. \"His name...was Ferris Bueller.\" . .. ... Cameron Frye, a boy plagued by paranoia, anxiety, and mild hallucinations from a very early age, had befriended a boy named Ferris Bueller long ago. They'd become best friends, inseparable. Having been friends since second grade, Ferris didn't abandon Cameron when Ferris became popular throughout high school. Ferris would always manage to get Cameron out of his depressive slumps. So, yes, Ferris Bueller was real. WAS. But he's gone now. All because of that fateful day, nearly two years ago. Cameron had picked up Ferris in his car and they were going to see a movie. Cameron stopped at a corner and, not seeing any cars, decided to go. A car sped by, smashing the side of the vehicle, but missing the driver's side, somehow decapitating Ferris in the process. Cameron saw it all: the side of the car scrunch up like an accordion, his friend scream for a split second before his head was torn from his body, blood spurt out of the headless neck like a fountain, and finally, the head landing in the back seat, eyes still open, seeming to stare at Cameron. It was too much for Cameron's delicate psyche to handle. Cameron blamed himself. He felt that he'd killed his best friend. His grieving and hallucinations only got worse and worse. He stopped being around Sloane, Ferris's girlfriend before the accident, but never forgot about her. He started to take the role of Ferris. Ferris Bueller became a part of him. They became the same person. ","Summary":" Cameron sat in a psychologist's office. His parents took him there for 'killing' the Ferrari. He to"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"President Bueller's Day Off","Author":"Judson Lovell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12175627","Passage":"[Chapter 1] President Bueller's Day Off Based On Characters By John Hughes Novella By Judson Lovell Lizard King Publications Lincoln City, Oregon E-mail lizardkingpublications Original Screenplay Copyright © 1999 Novella Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved Additional Titles By Judson Lovell Lizard King Publications Wings - The Wild Blue Yonder Snowman Skinners Reflections Slinger - Midnight Rider A Word Of Explanation The \"fourth wall\" is an imaginary barrier in front of the stage in a theater. It is a term when actors and actresses address and even speak to the live audience. We as a motion picture audience first noticed this with Eddie Murphy's character Billy Ray Valentine in Trading Places. Other notable fourth wall breakers include, but in no particular order; Fight Club, Spaceballs, The Wolf of Wall Street, The Big Lebowski and The Big Short. Most recently, breaking the fourth wall has been seen in Deadpool staring Ryan Reynolds. Deadpool addresses the audience for a good part of the film even breaking the fourth wall's fourth wall. Ferris Bueller's Day Off is filled with dialog breaking the fourth wall with Ferris looking and speaking to us, the audience. In script form for his first line, it would look like this; FERRIS (into camera) They bought it! To accomplish this in the text form of a novella, I will be using italic print . Some novelists and writers use italic print to convey the character is thinking or talking to themselves. For this work of fiction, the character(s) speaking in italic print is speaking to and looking at us, the reader. (This probably WON'T work for Fan Fiction so you'll just have to use your imagination). It's an election year! Why not!? Judson Lovell The Players President Ferris Bueller - Matthew Broderick First Lady Sloane Bueller - Mia Sara Doctor Cameron Frye - Alan Ruck Jeanie Volbeck - Jennifer Grey Jack Taylor - John Cusack Simone Adler - Kristy Swanson Edward Rooney- Jeffery Jones T. Jay Roxx - Judson Lovell Agent One - as Himself ~ 1 ~ The sounds of the ongoing syndicated morning television broadcast fill the air. Cameramen move about cameras one, two and three along the smooth surface of the studio. Grips adjust their equipment. Technicians adjust the lighting. \"Quiet on the set,\" the floor director says, in a commanding voice just off stage. \"We're back in ten seconds.\" The floor director pauses. \"Jeanie, are you ready?\" \"Yeah, Doug. I'm ready,\" a feminine voice replies. \"We're live in five, four, three...\" the floor director falls silent as the count finishes, followed by a brief pause. \"Good-morning. I'm Jeanie Volbeck and thank-you for tuning into S-M-N-B-C. At the top of the news, Presidential Hopeful Jack Taylor has concluded his whirlwind tour of nineteen states and has returned to Washington last night to prepare for today's Presidential election. While,\" Jeanie takes a breath, \"President Bueller is preparing and hoping for a second term in the Oval Office. Latest polls indicate that Jack Taylor is a mere six points ahead of President Bueller.\" Jeanie nearly giggles as the lights come fully up on the S-M-N-B-C studio. Morning news anchor Jeanie Volbeck sits behind the desk looking straight ahead into the primary camera. Around the studio, the activity quietly continues. \"If President Bueller is seeking a second term, he'll have to do some hard last minute campaigning.\" Jeanie skips a beat. \"Coming up next is you're latest weather and traffic.\" Jeanie looks into the primary camera and holds a plastic smile. \"We're clear! Sixty second commercial break,\" the floor director announces. Jeanie tosses her news script onto the desk. \"God, I hate talking about him. As you can see I've gone through a few changes. The first thing I changed was my last name. I used my mother's maiden for awhile to get into the business. I hated being Ferris Bueller's sister. I got married and popped out a couple of kids. They're at prep school now. My life turned out the way I thought it would. Broke into television in Chicago then moved out here; the hard and bumpy road. As for Ferris, he always had the silver spoon in his mouth.\" Jeanie pauses a moment. \"What, you thought we'd let Ferris do all the talking this time?\" \"Quiet on the set,\" the floor director says, in an authoritative voice just off stage. \"We're back in ten seconds.\" The floor director pauses. \"Are you ready, Jeanie?\" \"Yeah, Doug. I'm ready,\" Jeanie says. \"We're live in five, four, three...\" the floor director falls silent as the count finishes, followed by a brief pause. \"God, I hate talking about him...\" The sprawling stretch of lawn is flawless. Not even one blade of grass is out of place. Well maintained shrubs line the outer area with towering trees providing shade from the rising sun over the horizon. It's just after dawn. A light breeze blows through the air as a small flock of birds flutter into view and land on the lawn. The small flock of birds begin pecking at the grassy area searching for bugs or fallen seeds. A swift moving golf ball lands and bounces in the middle of the birds causing them to scatter and fly away. \"Nice shot, Mr. President,\" a distinctive voice says. President Ferris Bueller flashes a smile as he rests his golf driver on his shoulder. \"Thank-you,\" Ferris replies. Ferris wears an odd colored, vintage golf outfit complete with a news boy's cap. Secret Service Agent One, in his standard black suit, tie, white shirt and dark sunglasses, follows the President's every move keeping him safe at all times. There is something strikingly familiar about Agent One; the tone of his voice, his movements and mannerisms. He has an uncanny way of keeping his facial features hidden; his turned back, his slighted head. Agent One is a mystery man. The Presidential caddy carries Ferris' golf bag across the lawn behind Agent One and the President. Ferris strolls across the grassy terrain headed for his golf ball. \"Things didn't turn out the way I had planned. Or I thought I had planned. I got a job in my father's building in the mail room. He said it would teach me responsibilities. I only worked there for a few weeks. I tried my hand at retail for awhile but didn't find it satisfying. One spring break I came out to visit Cameron in college and never left.\" Ferris centers up on his golf ball and swings his club. The ball goes soaring through the air and lands with a bounce in the center on the Ellipse. The President's golf course is revealed. The White House stands in the distance behind Ferris, Agent One and the Presidential caddy. To the east stands the Treasury Department, across the street is the White House visitor's center and the Commerce Department buildings. To the west stands Eisenhower Executive Office Building, across the street is the Corcoran Gallery of Art, Constitution Hall and the Organization of American States buildings. The North Lawn and 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue runs along the backside of the White House. Ferris turns to gaze upon his residence; the West Wing, the East Wing and the majestic center of the White House itself. He turns and smiles. \"What did you think? I'd end up as a fry cook at Venus?\" Ferris, Agent One and the caddy make their way to the President's golf ball walking in a northern direction back toward the White House. The caddy selects a club inside of the golf bag and hands it to Ferris. \"Not that I mind this job. It's a pretty cool gig. It does have its perks. Excuse me.\" The makeshift golf cup is still several dozen yards away centered on the South Lawn. Ferris centers himself over his golf ball, pauses and swings. The golf ball is rocketed through the air. The ball soars for several moments. \"You put too much on it, Mr. President,\" Agent One says. The golf ball shatters a second floor window of The West Wing. A moment of silence follows before a pair of White House housekeepers appear from inside of the broken window looking outward. Ferris waves. \"Sorry about that!\" Ferris shrugs his shoulders at the housekeepers. They turn away from the broken window to begin cleaning up the President's mess, again. The caddy reaches into a side pouch of the golf bag and retrieves an additional golf ball. Ferris takes the golf ball and smiles. \"Drop. Yeah, I saw Tin Cup.\" Ferris centers over the secondary golf ball, lines it up and swings. The ball flies through the air with less velocity toward the makeshift cup. Ferris, Agent One and the caddy begin heading toward the ball. \"I really wasn't sure about this re-election thing. Being the President wasn't as fun as I thought it would be. It's actually WORK. I've been in office for one-thousand four hundred and sixty days. That's thirty-five thousand, sixty four hours or two million, one hundred three, eight hundred and forty minutes.\" Ferris pauses. \"All without a day off. Can you believe that!?\" Ferris putts his golf ball closer to the makeshift hole with Agent One and the caddy following close behind. \"I did do a few good things in my first four years but I've learned all I was doing in cleaning up the messes that the previous Presidents have done. Me myself as President hasn't really done anything yet. That's why Presidents want a second term; to do what they want to do and accomplish what they what to accomplish. Not be a maid service.\" Ferris takes his putter, centers over his ball and swings his club. The ball sinks into the makeshift hole. Ferris flings his club through the air. It effortlessly slides into the golf bag that the caddy clings onto. \"Besides, it's an election year. Why not run again? I've got nothing else to do.\" With President Bueller's golf bag slung over his shoulder, the caddy veers off in one direction away from the South Lawn. Nearly nipping at his heels, Agent One follows Ferris toward the White House entrance. Agent One is close behind President Bueller as Ferris and the secret service man both pass by several opened doors along the second floor of the Executive Residence area. A gold plaque hangs from each of the doors indicating each previous President's namesake rooms. As they pass, the President and Agent One glace into the opened rooms. They pass the Washington Room, the Lincoln Room, the Grant Room and even the Eisenhower Room. There have been several additions over the past Bueller Administration. The Lyndon Johnson Room is cluttered with women's attire, lace covering the windows and all the furnishings are in a Victorian fashion. The John F. Kennedy Room is lavishly decorated in red satin with a heart shaped bed as the center piece of the room. Directly over the bed are a pair of Olympic style pair of rings and a trapeze hanging from the ceiling. The Matt Douglas Room is crammed with leather furniture with scattered devices of pleasure and torture; a whip, chains, handcuffs and closed cigar boxes. Sheets of clear plastic cover the floor and appear to be draped over the vibrating bed; quarters not included on the visitor tour. Agent One pauses at the Presidential Bedroom. He turns and stands nearly in a military attention stance, watching the door as Ferris enters. There is a pair of oval mirrors hanging on opposite side of the room. Ferris pauses, smiles at us then enters his room. Ferris plops down on the edge of his bed. \"I think the thing I hate most about this job are these guys.\" Ferris points his bouncing thumb toward the closed door and Agent One standing guard outside in the hallway. \"You ever try to get rid of one of these guys? Ferris pauses a moment. \"There are only a few rules you have to go buy.\" The President seems to be running down a laundry list of do's and don'ts. \"If the President is sick a swarm of doctors comes rushing in. If the President disappears, then there is a panic and a search. Yeah, I saw, National Treasure: Book of Secretes, too. If I act irrational that could make the world leaders become nervous and end us up in war. The big one... The last one.\" Ferris pauses. \"The future's uncertain and the end is always near.\" Ferris rises up and begins to get out of his vintage golf attire. He tosses his news boy's cap onto the bed. \"So, that being said I'm taking the day off. I have nowhere to be today. I know what you're thinking, I should be out campaigning right now. Why? The election polls will be open soon and the people have already made up their mind. I know it'll be tough but what the hell. I haven't had a day off in a very long time. If I'm re-elected, this could be my last day off for four more years... and you thought high school was rough.\" Ferris fiddles with a handheld tape recorder he retrieved from the top drawer of the nightstand along his side of the Presidential bed. He kicks off his golf shoes and strolls across the President's bedroom floor. Just as he is about to enter the Presidential bathroom, he smiles. \"Remember Watergate? Ferris pauses and waves about the handheld tape recorder. \"Yeah, it's nothing like that.\" Ferris reaches in and turns on the water of a magnificent three head shower stall; one sprayer from the right, one from the left and one from directly overhead like it was raining. He steps in and closes the frost tinted shower stall door. \"What I wanted was a bathtub like Eddie Murphy had in Coming to America. Big tub with beautiful women washing me. But for some reason, Sloane wouldn't have it.\" Ferris smirks. \"I can't figure out why.\" Ferris positions the retractable showerhead around and begins washing. \"I should've become a professor or something. I mean, I was making in my father's mail room a third less than I'm making now.\" Ferris soaps up. \"I like doing things for people. I think I'm doing a good job of it. It's just all of this political bullshit. I'm vetoed all the time.\" With the little hair he has left, Ferris makes a pair of horns. \"Capitol Hill is a lot like college. You've got to get into the right group. It's kinda like a fraternity. If they don't like you they'll vote your bill down or some other crap. But hey, what's another four years? Right?\" Ferris mutates his pair of wet hair horns into one single horn similar to a unicorn. \"I am the walrus. Goo goo g'joob. \" Ferris rinses of his layer of soap and shampoo then holds onto the retractable showerhead cord like an electric guitar. He mimics a screaming guitar riff intro then quickly holds the showerhead up to his mouth like a microphone. The President begins to sing into the showerhead. You say you want a revolution, Well, you know, We all want to change the world. Well, you know, We all want to change the world. But when you talk about destruction, Don't you know that you can count me out. Don't you know it's gonna be, all right. All right, all right... Ferris pauses his musical monologue. \"What? I traded MTV in for VH-1. It happens...\" ~ 2 ~ Ferris stands facing a majestic mirror hanging from the wall of the Entrance Hall. The marble floors are sparkling clean. There are little furnishings about the room. The center piece is an authentic grand piano and piano bench. Legend has it the grand piano was once played by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Dressed in his Presidential suit jacket, white shirt and dress pants, Ferris smiles at his own reflection as he straightens his necktie. Agent One enters the hall and comes up from behind the President. Half of Agent One's image is seen in the reflection of the mirror keeping his identity a mystery. \"Yes?\" Ferris asks. \"He's here, Mr. President.\" Ferris looks into the mirror. \"It's time to take care of some business.\" Ferris and Agent One turn and head toward the side door to the right of the Entrance Hall. Ferris and Agent One pass through a short hallway and enter the East Room. The large rectangular room is for the most part unused under the Bueller Administration. Only a handful of chairs line the walls once used by President Thomas Jefferson. The beautiful chandlers remain and are in pristine condition. Ferris begins to pick up his pace. Agent One follows close behind as they reach the end of the East Room and exits through another door. The Green Room is where the Jefferson Family had their meals. The Victorian looking room has a rectangular ceiling fresco with small circles and trapezoids. Ferris and Agent One briskly make their way through the room and exit through another door. The Blue Room remains the centerpiece of the Executive Residence. The oval shaped room is a formal reception space for various heads of state, ambassadors and other world leaders. Ferris and Agent One increase their gait as the exit through another door. The Red Room is about the same size as the Green Room. This sitting and entertaining area was primarily used during President James Monroe's administration; both doors are still functional. Ferris is gaining a lead on Agent One as they exit through another door. \"He hates it when I take the long way around!\" Ferris jogs across the floor of the State Dining Room. He passes by the centerpiece; a long oval polished wood dining table with three handcrafted chair on each side. Along the wall stands a fireplace with a large mirror hanging above. Ferris is nearly at a run when he reaches the far door and disappears through it. Ferris barges into the Family Room and races across the floor. There is little time to take notice of the remodeled decor. The current Fist Lady had the walls repainted the week that she and the President moved in. She didn't care for the gray walls the previous First Lady had chosen. As Ferris exits through the far door to the right, Agent One enters the door from the south, losing sight of the President. The spontaneous game of tag continues. Agent One runs toward the far door to the right and abruptly exits. The Chief Usher's Office is empty. This work space is used by the Chief Usher and staff of seven. They are in charge of the effective operations of the White House. There are three doors; the door Agent One had just entered through, a door to his right and a door straight ahead. The door straight ahead leads him back to the Entrance Hall where he and the President had started. Ferris and Agent have made a complete loop. Ferris leans up against the wall with his arms crossed. The hallway seems to be nestled in the center of the surrounding rooms. There's a staircase in front of him with a closed door to the right of the top of the staircase. A door to the left leads into the Chief Usher's Office, a door to the right leads into the Cross Hall and a door to the right behind him leads back into the Family Dining Room. \"He's Secret Service, Chief of the White House Security. I recruited him myself.\" Ferris pauses. \"This keeps him on his toes.\" Agent One bursts through the door and stops suddenly in his tracks. Ferris unfolds his arms and takes a sudden step forward and extends his hands; ah-ha! \"If you do that again Mr. President, I'll shoot you myself,\" Agent One says, in his distinctive voice. Ferris pats Agent One on the shoulder then moves passed him. He faces the closed door to the right of the top of the staircase and opens it. He and Agent One enter. The room is the size of a walk-in closet. There are no pictures hanging from the walls or any furniture. Along the far wall stands a closed, single door elevator and an electrical, infrared handprint monitor. The computer inside of the monitor has sensed a presence. \"Good-morning, Mr. President,\" the computer says, in a sultry feminine voice. \"Good-morning, Tiffany,\" Ferris says, to the computer. Ferris places his opened right palm and places it onto the verification monitor. Ferris speaks into the voice verification in his best James Bond voice. \"Bueller.\" Ferris pauses. \"President Bueller.\" The computer scans the President's palm and verifies his voice. The elevator door opens. \"You have been cleared, Mr. President,\" the computer says. Ferris enters the elevator as Agent One turns his back toward the computer and stands guard at the elevator door. Only the President and a few selected dignitaries are allowed to see what follows. The elevator door closes followed by a low hum. The lift is carrying the President downward. \"All of the Presidents and their wives have added a little something to the White House over the years. This is my contribution.\" The elevator hums to a stop. The door opens. Ferris steps out and stands at the end of an extended corridor. The opening theme song to, Get Smart, staring Don Adams as Maxwell Smart, begins rolling through Ferris' head. The President walks forward and approaches a pair of closed doors. The doors automatically opens for Ferris as he walks through then closes automatically behind him. Ferris continues down the corridor walking through several automated double doors, each opening and closing on their own. He passes through the last pair of automated doors and steps into a classic style pay phone booth. Ferris closes the phone booth door behind him and picks up the receiver. He dials a telephone number. \"8-6-7-5-3-0-9.\" A secret door opens along the inside wall of the pay phone telephone booth. Ferris hangs up the receiver and steps through the secret door. The President steps into the Rec Room consuming the entire lower basement area of the Residential Area of the White House above. Wayne Newton's, Danke Schöen, seeps out of the custom speakers. The walls are covered with posters of rock bands from the 80's and 90's. The floor is covered with games of skill; a billiard table with purple felt, a bumper-pool table, a ping pong table, an air hockey table and a foosball table. A processional dart board hangs along the wall. Off to one corner stands a magnificent drum set. Resting on the floor in their stands are three electric guitars next to a large amplifier. Just opposite to the drums and guitars lining the nearest wall is a row of authentic and original pinball machines; \"Rocky\", \"Star Trek\", \"Elvis\", \"Michael Jackson\", \"Jim Morrison and The Doors\", \"The Dukes of Hazzard\" and \"Prince\". Even President Bueller has his own pinball machine. The shelving area is filled with games of skill; Risk, Battleship and several others. Danke Schöen fades out followed by a moment of silence. The Rec Room is once again filled with music; Bobby Darin's version of, Mack the Knife . \"What? I told you I traded in MTV for VH-1!\" Along the far wall hangs an eighty-inch television screen facing a sitting area of leather chairs, a leather loveseat and a matching couch. Oddly, there are no video games. All the games in the Rec Room require physical skill, not just pushing buttons on a control handheld. Ferris begins heading toward the seating area where a balding looking man awaits for the President's arrival. \"This used to be President James Sawyer's Room. Its furnishings and decor were really not to my tastes. We're still friends so I won't tell you what it used to look like. We're supposed to play golf on Thursday. It took me over a year to remodel down here. It's my home away from home. Just the way I like it.\" Ferris rounds the end of the leather couch as the balding dignitary stands. They politely shake hands and smile at each other. \"Mr. President.\" \"Mr. Prime Minister,\" Ferris replies. The two World Leaders pause. \"Ferris.\" \"Jean-Luc.\" Canadian Prime Minister Jean-Luc DePaul is sharply dressed in a suit and tie with a Canadian flag pin fastened to his lapel. \"Are you ready to negotiate?\" Ferris asks. \"Why certainly,\" Jean-Luc replies. Ferris and Jean-Luc step away from the leather couch and stand at the forefront of the Rec Room. \"What's on the table?\" Jean-Luc asks. \"I'd like to renegotiate the terms of NAFTA.\" \"It didn't go over so well the first time.\" \"Choose your WoMD,\" Ferris says, as he extends out his arm and opened palm toward the various game tables throughout the room. \"Best two out of three?\" Jean-Luc asks. \"Sounds fair to me.\" Ferris and Jean-Luc make their way toward the foosball table. Each man stands on their defending sides. \"You're my guest, Jean-Luc. Put the ball in play,\" Ferris says. Jean-Luc takes the ball on hand and plops it into the slot. The ball rolls around the table just for a moment before Ferris and Jean-Luc begin hitting it around with their players. \"As history has it, a French inventor, Lucien Rosengart, came up with the first foosball table around 1923. The Germans say otherwise. Jean-Luc is French through and through. He thinks this is his game.\" Jean-Luc dribbles the ball down the table, shoots and scores. \"Nice shot, Jean-Luc,\" Ferris says. Ferris retrieves the ball and plops it through the slot on his side of the table. The exchange is a brief one. From mid-table, Ferris powerfully shoots and scores. \"Remember back in the day that movie Longshot starring Leif Garrett?\" Ferris shoots and scores again. \"I taught Leif everything he knows about foosball.\" Jean-Luc puts the ball back in play. The ball is slammed along the table for nearly a minute. \"I felt this was a more civilized way to resolve global situations. The Chinese like their ping pong. The English like their darts. The Australians like their billiards. Down here, I have a solution to every world issue.\"Two men enter, one man leaves\". No war, no conflict, no death, no problem. If it can't be resolved down here, it can't be resolved.\" Jean-Luc shoots and scores. He's regaining his confidence. Ferris reaches into the goalie slot and takes the ball back in hand. \"Best two outta three? I'll let him win for a while but the Frenchman will go down!\" \"Better luck next time, Jean-Luc,\" Ferris says, as he and Jean-Luc shake hands. The President escorts the Prime Minister to a secondary door, adjacent to the telephone booth door. \"It was a pleasure negotiating with you, Ferris,\" Jean-Luc says. \"Yes as always, Jean-Luc.\" Ferris and Jean-Luc step through the door, exiting the Rec Room and step into a secondary secret elevator. They are transported upward to the main floor. The elevator door opens. Ferris and Jean-Luc step outward and enter a small study. Agent One stands at the door across the room. \"My man will show you out,\" Ferris says. \"Take care, Mr. President,\" \"You too, Mr. Prime Minister.\" Jean-Luc strolls across the study's floor and approaches Agent One. He escorts him out into the hallway, closing the door behind. Ferris turns and approaches the near wall. He presses on a secret wall panel causing the swinging door to open. Ferris steps through. The Oval Office hasn't changed much over the years. It must be an unsaid agreement among Presidents that this room is off limits to drastic changes or remodels. The Presidential desk stands in front of the window. On the desk next to the telephone and intercom is a baseball resting on a tripod stand. Ferris held on to the baseball he had caught many years earlier at a baseball game at Wrigley Field. Being the President, he finally got the baseball autographed. The historical furnishings line the curved walls. The pair of couches and sitting chairs face each other around a coffee table near the center of the room. The large Presidential seal is seen on the large blue background carpet. The only altercation that has been made is a life size portrait hanging on the wall. The image is of President Bueller standing in a row boat dressed in full President George Washington wig and attire crossing the Delaware River; nothing less than a parody. Ferris strolls across the Presidential carpet and approaches a door. Opening it, he pops his head out into the President's Secretary's office. \"Good-morning, Simone,\" Ferris says. \"G'morning, Mr. B. I didn't see you come in.\" \"I used the other entrance.\" Simone Adler is the President's Secretary. She is warm and bubbly and runs the office surprising well. Simone wears a professional suit jacket and dress yet has an 80's retro Madonna façade about her. She is very casual with the President. \"Could you get me Doctor Frye's office?\" \"You bet, Mr. B..\" Ferris steps back into the Oval Office and closes the door. He strolls across the carpet and makes his way toward a closet door. He opens the door and retrieves a golf putter and several golf balls. Ferris tosses the balls to the floor as the telephone on the corner of the desk beeps. \"Dr. Frye on line one, Mr. B.,\" Simone's voice says, over the telephone intercom. Ferris presses a button on the telephone. \"Thank-you Simone.\" \"No problem whatsoever.\" Ferris practices his putting across the Presidential carpet as he speaks into the telephone's intercom. \"Cameron?\" Ferris loudly asks. \"Good-morning, Mr. President,\" Cameron says, from the other end of the telephone line. \"He knows I hate it when he calls me that.\" Dr. Cameron Frye sits behind his desk wearing a white doctor's long coat over his dress shirt, tie and slacks. Resting on his desktop is a sealed envelope. Cameron nervously picks up the envelope and fiddles with it. One wall of Cameron's office is filled with shelves with various knick-knacks and an extensive library of medical books. Hanging on the opposite wall are numerous framed medical certificates, degrees and pictures. One picture is of Cameron in a tux and his current wife, Dotty, in her wedding dress. His favorite picture is of him and his father. Cameron is wearing his college graduation cap and gown shaking his father's hand. They stand in front of the fully restored red 1958 Ferrari 250 GTS California. A gift from father to son in an attempt of affection and pride. \"I'm kinda busy this morning, Mr. President,\" Cameron says, as if someone was listening into their conversation. \"What can I do for you?\" \"Do you remember where I asked the First Lady to marry me?\" \"Yes.\" \"Pick me up in an hour. I'm taking the day off.\" \"On election day?\" \"Yeah, why not?\" \"No Ferris, I can't. I have a lot of patients today.\" \"Have someone fill in for you.\" \"Who? It's my practice.\" \"Reschedule you patients then.\" \"I can't, Mr. President.\" \"Ferris. Call me Ferris, you tool! We've been best friends since grade school.\" \"You want me to come pick you up then call me a tool?\" \"I'm sorry, Cam.\" Ferris pauses. \"Now, come pick me up in an hour.\" \"I can't.\" \"Yes, you can.\" \"No, I can't.\" \"Yes, you can.\" \"Look, I'll vote for you on my lunch hour but I'm not picking you up this morning.\" Cameron pauses. \"I'm hanging up now.\" Ferris lines up a putt across the Presidential carpet. He shoots and sinks the golf ball inside of a Presidential coffee mug resting on its side on the floor. A click is heard from the telephone intercom. Cameron really did hang up on the President. \"I'll bet that Cameron is pacing across the floor right now, debating whether or not to come get me.\" Cameron sits behind his desk twiddling with his pen. He picks up the sealed envelope and spins it between his fingers. He quickly rises up from his desk and heads for the office door. Cameron opens it and peers out into the lobby. There are no patients waiting on him. His secretary sits at her desk with her back toward him. He closes the door. Cameron returns to his desk and abruptly sits. He takes the sealed envelope in hand and nervously stares at it. Cameron shoots up out of his chair and paces the floor. He stops at the door and reaches for the knob. He hesitates. Cameron quickly takes off his long white coat and hangs it on the hook near the door. He slides into his suit jacket and stares at the door. He turns and heads toward his desk and takes the sealed envelope in hand. He tucks it into the inside jacket pocket and returns to the door. Almost defiantly, Cameron opens his office door and nearly slams it shut. The secretary's phone rings. Cameron continues to walk through the lobby and heads toward the main door, nearly stomping. \"Dr. Frye?\" the secretary asks. Cameron does not answer as he approaches the main door to exit. \"Dr. Frye! It's the President on phone for you.\" Cameron's secretary does not fully understand the double meaning of the doctor's next statement. \"Tell him I just left...\" ~ 3 ~ The medical office building houses nearly a dozen private practice doctors with various specialties. The listings of the doctors and their office numbers hang on the wall just outside the double glass doors. Near the middle of the listings, one particular name stands out. Dr. Cameron Frye - OB/GYN - #11 Cameron appears from the glass doors and strolls across the sidewalk. He makes his way over a small street bordering the medical offices. Passing through a gate along an extended fence, Cameron makes his way to the doctor's private covered parking area, not quite like underground parking, more of a large metal canopy. Ferris lines up another shot and putts his golf ball across the Oval Office's floor. The ball sinks inside of the coffee mug. \"He'll show. He's just debating on the moral issues of his position.\" Ferris pauses then smiles. \"Did I just say that?\" Cameron stands just inside of the doctor's private parking area. He stares into the rows of luxury automobiles. Cameron turns and looks back at the medical office building. He turns as if to return to work. Ferris gathers up the golf balls and rolls them in all directions away from the coffee mug resting on the floor. He slightly swings his golf club as he approaches the nearest golf ball. \"There are very few things that I've been wrong about. Cameron is one of them. I thought he'd marry the first chick he'd lay. He went entirely in the opposite direction. He's on wife number four now. He seems happy.\" Cameron remains steadfast, standing under the metallic covering of the private parking area. \"I'll pick him up, we'll do breakfast, drop him off then go back to work,\" Cameron says, aloud to himself. Cameron's feet begin to move. He walks forward nearly in a trance like an unseen presence was forcing him ahead. He draws nearer to his parked vehicle. Slowly from the ground up; the front tires, the grill, the lights, the hood, the front windshield and the soft-top roof of the black Hummer with all the bells and whistles. The vehicle is so wide it takes up two parking spaces. The vanity license plate read; MFFN MN Cameron slowly circles his vehicle as if to inspect it for any damages of closely parked vehicles. Yet, there are none around. The Hummer is parked off by itself. \"He'll keep calling me,\" Cameron angrily says. \"He'll make me feel guilty. This is ridiculous! I'll go. I'll go. I'll go. I'll go!\" Ferris opens the closet door inside of the Oval Office and puts away his golf club and golf balls. \"Cameron has probably made his way to the parking lot by now so I'd better get going,\" Ferris shuffles across the floor and picks up the coffee mug. He rests it on the corner of his desk, turns and heads toward the President's Secretary's door. Ferris pauses, holds up his hand and does a finger count; one, two, three... The door opens from the other side. \"Mr. President, it's ready,\" Agent One says. \"Is he good or what?\" Marine One rests in the center of the North Lawn of the White House. The rotors continue the thunder around with the Presidential helicopter ready to lift off at a moment's notice. President Bueller and Agent One exit from a small south entrance. They cross the lawn and approach Marine One. Agent One halts his stride and stands as Ferris boards the Presidential helicopter. The lowered steps and side door hum as it raises and seals. Marine One powers up and lifts off of the North Lawn. Agent One sees the President inside, smiling and waving down to him. Agent One waves back, turns and heads back toward the White House. In flight, Ferris sits near the window in a lavish chair. A polished wood tabletop rests in front of him with a small stack of papers. Ferris fiddles with the papers in an attempt to get them organized. \"The job doesn't pay much but how many people can say they've flown in Marine One? After my last term, I'm going to see if I can borrow it on the weekends.\" The convention center is filled with hundreds of volunteers. There are countless booths for every operation of the campaign. There are banners and flags hanging everywhere. At the far end of the convention center is an extended stage running the width of the large room. In the center of the stage is a podium where speeches are given. On opposite sides of the podium are freestanding flag poles. One pole hangs the American flag. The other pole hangs the home-state flag of the Presidential Hopeful. Behind the podium and flags hangs a banner of the Presidential Hopeful's campaign slogan; Embrace the Change Jack Taylor For President Near the center of the convention center, a command post of sorts is seen. This is the booth where all the activity begins. A small army of volunteers hover around their computers, monitors and printers. A very distinguish looking man oversees the operations. Wearing his best suit and tie, President Hopeful Jack Taylor hovers over one of his volunteers, carefully watching the computer's monitor. His points and President Bueller's points are nearly neck and neck. Well, at least in this particular poll. Jack stands at over six feet tall and has a commanding presence about him. He is a kind and patient man and would make for a great President, just not this election year. A secret service agent makes his way through the ocean of booths and volunteers. The agent approaches Jack Taylor's command post and stands waiting to catch the President hopeful's eye. Jack looks away from the computer monitor and sees the agent. \"Yes?\" Jack asks. \"May I speak with you a moment?\" The agent motions Jack to the side. Jack leans in and stands close to the agent. \"Yes?\" \"I picked something up this morning from the White House that you may be interested in.\" The agent pauses for effect. \"President Bueller has spoken with his friend Dr. Cameron Frye. It appears that the President is taking the day off.\" \"Today!?\" \"Yes, Sir. Today.\" \"This is wonderful. If I can show that he's slacking off on his Presidential duties, I can sway the remaining votes my way.\" \"Sir, the latest polls indicate that you already have enough votes to win the election.\" \"I don't want to win, I want to beat him !\" \"Get in line...\" a familiar feminine voice says, over the dull roar of the convention center. Jack turns and sees Jeanie and her cameraman, Deek, standing just outside of the command post booth. \"Excuse me?\" Jack asks. \"Sir, she's a... friend of a friend,\" the agent says. \"She might be able to help you.\" \"Look, Jack, \" Jeanie says, in an almost condescending tone. \"I said get in line. I've been trying to catch Mr. Bueller goofing off for years now.\" \"Mr. Bueller, don't you mean President Bueller?\" \"Yeah, whatever.\" \"...and you are?\" \"Jeanie Volbeck. S-M-N-B-C news. I'm here to, cover the election, \" she says, tongue-in-cheek. Deek begins to record images of the convention center with his shoulder rest camera. He captures shots of the countless booths, swarms of volunteers, flags and banners. Jack sweetens his tone as he motions to the volunteer booth directly next to his own. \"We'll have you set up over here. It's the best spot in the house.\" Jack draws in closer to Jeanie and whispers. \"We need to have a little talk...\" The Grand Hall is filled with rows of teachers, school principals, school vice principals and administrators. The circular seating faces a central staging area which is covered with banners and flags. Standing behind the podium at center stage is the head of the Department of Education for the United States. Secretary of Education Edward Rooney adjusts his tie as he smiles and concludes his speech toward the crowd. \"... A time to gain, a time to lose. A time to rend, a time to sew. A time to love, a time to hate. A time of peace, I swear it's not too late.\" Ed pauses for a moment. \"We need to continue to instill these thoughts in the children of America.\" The crowd faintly claps. \"Now for this morning's Keynote Speaker, ladies and gentlemen I present to you, the First Lady.\" The floor erupts with applause and cheers. The First Lady appears from side stage and makes her way toward the podium. Sloane Bueller smiles and nods at the Secretary of Education as she takes the podium. She's dressed in a dark colored dress pantsuit, a light colored blouse and flats. \"Thank-you, Ed for your warm introduction,\" she politely says, into the microphone. Ed nearly blushes. He takes a few steps back and finds his seat behind the podium along with several members of higher education administration. Sloane continues to address the crowd. \"In the past several years, I have noticed the decline of our educational system. It is not the fault of the teachers but the fault of the system.\" The crowd cheers with approval of this statement. \"I have presented a five step program to the President to get our schools back on track.\" Sloane pauses a moment, \"Step one...\" Still in flight on Marine One, Ferris has discarded his thin stack of paperwork and now has his polished shoes propped up on the wooden tabletop. He leans back in his chair as he picks up the receiver of the telephone then dials a phone number. A secret service agent assigned to the First Lady stands of stage along the wings, keeping an eye on Sloane standing behind the podium addressing the crowd. His cell phone rings inside of his jacket pocket. The agent answers his phone. He listens a moment. \"Yes, Sir,\" he says, into his cell phone. \"I understand, Mr. President.\" The agent hangs up his cell phone and tucks it into his inside jacket pocket. Without fear of consequences, the agent walks onto the stage and approaches the First Lady as she continues her five step plan for education. \"...step four entails a detailed outline to crack down on absences and tardiness.\" Sloane's speech is nearly concluded. The agent approaches the First Lady and whispers into her ear. Sloane turns back toward the crowd and speaks into the microphone. \"I'm dreadfully sorry, ladies and gentlemen. The President is involved in a crisis situation and needs my assistance. Please excuse me.\" Sloane turns toward Ed and hands him the remaining outline of her five step plan. \"Ed, would you mind?\" Sloane smiles and bats her eyes. The agent quickly escorts the First Lady away from the podium and disappears beyond the side wing of the stage. Ed takes the pages and faces the crowd as he stands behind the podium to finish the First Lady's speech. He looks up. \"Well at least it's not her dead grandmother...\" Marine One has landed just outside of the Grand Hall. The agent escorts the First Lady outside and down the steps. They pause for a moment as the side door and steps open and lowers. Sloane turns toward the Agent. \"I guess that's my ride. Thanks. See ya.\" The agent remains at the foot of the Grand Hall's steps as Sloane briskly makes her way to Marine One. With the First Lady's speech concluded, teachers, principals, vice principals, administrators and Edward Rooney begin to exit. Ed looks at the situation; Sloane boarding Marine One and Ferris waving at him from the helicopter's side window. Ed tilts his head; things that make you go hmmm... The lowered steps and side door hum to a close. Marine One powers up and lifts up off of the ground. The helicopter quickly gains altitude and flies away. Under the dull roar of Marine One's rotors, Sloane giggles. Ferris and Sloane snuggle together on one of many of Marine One's couches. \"Where's Cam?\" Sloane asks. Ferris looks down at his wristwatch. \"We're seventeen minutes ahead of schedule. One quick layover and we're off to see the wizard.\" \"What layover?\" Sloane pauses with a devilish smile. \"Are you sure we only have seventeen minutes?\" \"Bueller.\" Ferris pauses. \"President Bueller.\" Cameron drives along in his Hummer through the streets of Washington D.C.. The traffic is relatively light for this time of morning; rush hour has yet to kick in. His mobile car phone rings. He presses a button on the console. \"Doctor Cameron Frye,\" he says. \"Cameron! I called your office and they said you had left! Why aren't you at work!?\" Dotty scolds, from the other end of the phone line. \"Something came up and I had to leave.\" \"What possibly could take you away from work?\" \"The President...\" \"Bueller!? How many times have I told you to stay away from him?\" \"He's my best friend.\" \"He's your only friend! I want you back at work right now, mister!\" Still in flight inside of Marine One, Ferris sadly shakes his head. \"Well, I was partially right.\" There is a beeping on Cameron's mobile phone along the console of his Hummer. \"Hold on, Dotty. I have another call.\" \"Don't you put me on-\" \"Doctor Cameron Frye,\" he says, answering the secondary incoming phone call. \"Where are you?\" Ferris asks. \"Well, I'm not at work that's for sure.\" \"We're about five minutes away.\" \"I'm not sure about this, Ferris.\" \"That's a good sign. Cam stopped calling me Mr. President. That means he's willing, no, he's open for suggestions. Remember what I said about a lump of coal? Well, now it's only taking longer.\" \"What's not to be sure about? Call out sick. I'll write you a note.\" \"Hold on, Ferris,\" Cameron says, then switches the mobile phone line's over to his first call. \"Dotty?\" \"I want you back at work right now or you'll be sleeping on the couch for a month!\" \"Hold on, Dotty,\" Cameron says, switching the phone line back to the President. \"Cameron, don't-\" \"Look, asshole,\" Cameron says. \"Asshole?\" Dotty screams. \"Who do you think you're talking to, buddy!?\" \"I'm sorry, sweetie. I was just about to call Ferris out. Hold on.\" \"Cameron-\" He switches over again. \"Thanks, Ferris. I just got the couch, forever!\" \"I'll write you a note for her, too.\" \"Dorothy. Cameron's current vice, I mean wife. She reminds you of that adorable stray puppy you bring home and enjoy for about five minutes. Of course, the puppy grows up, eats all of you food, pees on the floor, chews on your best slippers and is generally annoying. But it was cute at one time. At least he thought so.\" \"We're almost there, Cam. See you in a few.\" \"Ferris?\" Cameron asks. \"Yeah, Cam? \"Asshole!\" Cameron hangs up the phone. ~ 4 ~ The first wave or tourists begin filtering in along the steps of the Lincoln Memorial. Just beyond the lowest set of steps of the memorial is the edge of the Reflecting Pool and in the distance stands the Washington Monument. A distinctive sound is heard off in the distance. The scattered tourists dismiss the sound at first then become curious as it draws nearer. Looking up into the sky, they see it. Marine One flies into view heading directly for the Lincoln Memorial. The pilot hovers the helicopter for a moment making sure that Lincoln Memorial Circle is clear of people. The pilot throttles down and effortlessly lands Marine One onto the road-like surface between two sets of steps. The rotors remain whirling around as the front side door and steps of the helicopter open. President Bueller and the First Lady emerge from Marine One and step out onto the circle. Ferris turns and waves off the pilot before taking Sloane's hand and darts away from the helicopter. Marine One powers up, lifts off and flies away past the Washington Monument. Ferris and Sloane stand there for a moment, looking lovingly at each other. The surrounding tourists don't quite know what to think; the President of the United States and the First Lady are standing right in front of them. Even before the President and First Lady can be approached for a handshake or an autograph, Ferris bends down on one knee, takes Sloane's left hand and tenderly kisses her wedding finger. Sloane smiles. \"Yes,\" she says, as she had done many years before. Ferris raises and kisses Sloane. Still holding onto her hand, Ferris leads Sloane up the steps toward the Lincoln Memorial. Cameron drives his Hummer along Henry Bacon Drive, the looping street around the memorial. There are no parking spaces anywhere to be seen. Lincoln Memorial Circle is blocked off with a series of pole-like barricades. Cameron sees a spot to park, just off the pathway and circle. The Hummer stops on a patch of sidewalk. The passing tourists look oddly at the large vehicle as its driver remains inside for several moments. Cameron reaches for the glove compartment and flings it open. The compartment is cluttered with disorganized papers and pens. Finally, Cameron finds what he is searching for. He takes a card the size of a standard piece of paper folded in half and places it on the dash directly above the steering wheel. The card is a \"get out of jail free\" card of sorts and reads; Presidential Parking Pass President Ferris Bueller Cameron locks his Hummer and strolls through the pole-like barricade. He begins to blend in with the growing number of tourists as he makes his way toward the memorial. Ferris and Sloane sit at the base of the Lincoln Memorial looking outward toward the Reflection Pond and beyond. The towering statue of President Abraham Lincoln sits directly behind them. From time to time, a tourist will pause and gaze up at the statue then notice the President and the First Lady sitting below. The tourist takes his camera, snaps a picture then moves on like seeing the President and the First Lady in such a casual atmosphere was a daily occurrence. For the most part, Ferris and Sloane are unnoticed. \"This is what I'm talking about. Why should I be out trying to get more votes when the mass of the population isn't even going to vote? What's the point? Yeah, I understand about the electoral votes, what I'm interested in is the popular votes; we, the people. I think I've done a pretty good job the last four years but what chaps my hide is somebody is going to come in after me a screw it all up. It's like that foosball game with Jean-Luc. Solve the problems on the table. Don't worry about the rest. If it can't be solved in the Rec Room, it can't be solved.\" Cameron reaches the top plateau of steps just below the statue of President Lincoln, Ferris and Sloane. \"Morning, Cam,\" Ferris cheerfully says. \"Good-morning,\" Sloane says, with a slight wave of her hand. \"Alright, can we go now? I'm illegally parked,\" Cameron insistently says. \"Did you use my sign I gave you?\" Ferris asks. \"Yes but with my luck they'll tow me anyway.\" Ferris and Sloane stand. \"So where are we going for breakfast. Let's get this over with so I can get back to work.\" \"Work-smirk. Our day hasn't even begun yet.\" \"C'mon, Ferris. Shouldn't you be at work, too? It is election day.\" \"I am at work. Washington D.C. is my office.\" Ferris approaches Cameron and places his hand brotherly on his shoulder. \"How long have you lived here and never stopped to look around? This is a beautiful city and after today it may not be my home. So c'mon, Cam. Let's take the day off.\" \"Great speech, Mr. President. I'm going back to work. Dotty's probably already filed divorce papers.\" \"Fine, go back to work. Lend me your car.\" \"I'll call you a cab and I'll keep my car.\" \"Give me the keys.\" \"No.\" \"Give me the keys.\" \"No.\" \"Give me the keys.\" \"No.\" \"I'll have you audited.\" \"You wouldn't!\" \"Wouldn't I?\" Cameron looks at Ferris then over at Sloane. \"I'll keep my keys. It'll be just like Driving Miss Daisy.\" The serene landscape rolls across the wooded area. A light breeze blows through the wide variety of trees. There are pathways leading to and from the structures throughout the property. There are several golf tees and putting areas. There is a swimming pool, a bowling alley and several other distractions. Everything that the President and his guests would need is here at Camp David. Jeanie, Deek and Jack stand outside of the parked S-M-N-B-C news van. With his shoulder camera ready to capture the elusive President, Deek shoots some footage of the Presidential retreat. A pair of secret service agents stands outside of the guard house off to the side of the road leading into the main property. To the west of the guard house is the skeet range and helicopter pad. Slightly to the northeast is a large grassy area just this side of Aspen Lodge, the President's Cabin. Jeanie looks up into the sky. She hears a low thundering sound. \"Deek, over there!\" Jeanie quickly says, patting Deek's shoulder in the other direction. Deek swings his camera around just as Marine One appears over the tree line. The helicopter appears to be throttling down, heading for the helicopter pad. It hovers a moment before slightly banking and flies over the large grassy area outside of Aspen Lodge. Deek zooms in on Marine One as the Presidential helicopter hovers a moment then settles down onto the grassy landscape. The side door and steps open and lowers to the ground. \"Ferris...\" Jeanie says, with a smirk. \"Bueller,\" Jack confidently says. Similar to the White House, Camp David has a Chief Usher as well. She is a pleasant looking middle aged woman wearing a business dress suit with an American pin fastened to her lapel. She carries a paper bag filled with groceries. As she steps from the lowered steps of Marine One onto the grassy area, she turns smiles and waves at the reporter, her cameraman and the Presidential hopeful. Jeanie's jaw drops. Ferris and Sloane sit in the backseat of the Hummer as Cameron continues to drive along the streets of Washington D.C.. Ferris smiles. Jack and Jeanie quickly turn and look at each other. \"I thought you said he was going to be here,\" Jack says. \"He always takes Marine One here,\" Jeanie explains. \"Obviously he not here!\" \"Obviously!\" \"Where is he then?\" The National Zoo in Washington D.C. is streaming with life. Visitors from all over the world inch their way along the numerous pathways weaving in and out of the various animal exhibits. The Elephant Trails are near the American Bison. Nearby is the Giant Panda Habitat close to the Cheetah Conservation Center. The Asia Trail is north of the Bird House. That's just a few of the northern exhibits. The large enclosed area of the Primate Habit is filled with sprawling forest-like trees and terrain. A domineering silverback gorilla saunters across the ground, curiously looking up at the gawking visitors beyond the protective containment barrier. Several other gorillas roam around the habitat but keep to themselves away from the silverback. In another nearby containment area, an orangutan munches on half of a watermelon. A sloth slinks its way down the branch of a tree, joining a small group of sloths napping along the branches. In another area, three chimpanzees sit on a thick fallen log in a row. The middle chimp grooms the back of the first as the third chimp grooms the back of the second. Ferris, Sloan and Cameron stand behind the containment barrier as they look into the gorilla habitat. The females and young ones remain off in the distance keeping to themselves. The silverback roams along the forefront looking up at the visitors. The silverback roars then takes a squat. He must have eaten some rotten bananas. The silverback abruptly begins to relieve himself in front of the visitors. The sounds, smell and sight are horrific. Cameron covers his eyes. Sloane covers her ears. Ferris covers his nose and mouth. Triumphant, the silverback roars at the visitors again and storms off into the tree line. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron turn from the gorilla habitat and begin walking along the pathway. Ferris takes an exaggerated step in front of Sloane. She smiles as she responds with an exaggerated step in front of Cameron. The trio smiles and nods at each other. They wrap their arms around the next closest person's waist and tighten in. In unison, Ferris, Sloane in the middle, and Cameron walk along the pathway in exaggerated steps, mimicking a segment of the opening theme song of the television series, The Monkees. The Kids' Farm is located at the southwest end of the zoo. The large containment area is filled is filled with llamas, alpacas, goats, sheep and a variety of other farm animals. Right in the thick of things, Ferris, Sloane and Cameron join in with the swarm of elementary school children on a field trip. Like the children, Ferris, Sloane and Cameron reach out to pet the creatures. Sloane's favourite is an alpaca. From some odd reason, a female sheep has taken an immediate liking to Cameron. He had petted her only for a minute or two but she continues to follow him around the exhibit. Cameron reaches out and runs his hands down the neck of a llama. The sheep approaches Cameron and butts her head into his thigh. He bats her away. The sheep bleats at Cameron and butts her head into his thigh this time with more force. \"Looks like you made a new friend, Cam,\" Sloane says, with a mischievous smile. Cameron moves away from the llama, the sheep follows. He picks up his pace as she continues to follow. Cameron jogs around the inside perimeter of the Kids' Farm trying to elude the sheep with a crush. She trots after him bleating. The school children on their field trip look away from the animals they are petting. Some laugh and point at the grown man wearing a suit running for his life from the obsessed sheep, bleating for attention from him. The outer grounds of the Reptile Garden have been replicated to a forest swampland. One area houses free roaming crocodiles barricaded with free roaming komodo dragons along the opposite side. Another containment area of the Reptile Garden is the dwelling of one of the zoo's pride attractions, Eve, a seventeen foot python. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron remain behind the visitor's protective wall, elevated from the lower area where Eve slowly slithers along the ground. Keeping at a safe distance, a zoo staff member appears along the ground walking slowly toward Eve. Not the python's usual diet, the staff member tosses a few red apples onto the ground in front of Eve. The python slithers toward the nearest apple, flicks her tongue at it then slides it into her mouth. \"Ironic, the snake eating the apple. I've always thought that the snake has gotten a bad rap. I mean, so what if he was in the Garden of Eden. That doesn't really mean that he made her eat the apple. It's all about free will. The serpent was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. What if it wasn't a snake in the Garden? What if it was some other kind of reptile or even a lizard? A chameleon? An iguana? A gecko? A komodo dragon? What would the religious dogmas say if it wasn't a snake and a lizard instead?\" Ferris pauses. \"I am the lizard king, I can do anything...\" ~ 5 ~ Deek turns the S-M-N-B-C news van off of Pennsylvania Avenue and slows to a halt along side of the White House's Northwest Appointment Gate guard shack. Jeanie sits in the front passenger seat with Jack sitting directly behind her. The cargo area of the news van is filled with control panels, monitors, recording and editing devices. Deek's shoulder camera rests in its secured open camera case. A secret service agent from the Uniformed Division steps out of the guard shack with a clipboard in hand. Deek rolls down the window as the agent approaches. \"Can I help you?\" the agent asks. \"We're here to see President Bueller,\" Jeanie says, leaning over from the passenger's seat. \"Do you have an appointment?\" \"No,\" Jeanie replies. She quickly rummages inside of her purse, pulls out a laminated card and flashes it in front of the agent. \"I have one of these.\" Presidential Press Pass President Ferris Bueller \"Did you think that Cameron was the only one to get one of these?\" \"I'm sorry, Ma'am. That will not do,\" the agent says. \"But it's even signed by the President.\" \"I'm sorry, Ma'am.\" Jeanie fumes for a moment before sitting back in her seat. She reaches into her purse again and retrieves her cell phone. Jeanie has his number on speed dial. The other end picks up. \"Hello, Mr. President? It's Jeanie Volbeck. I'm at the Northwest Gate. Can you call down to have them let me in?\" \"Hello, Jeanie,\" Ferris' voice says. \"Sure, I'll call right down.\" Jeanie arrogantly smiles at the agent. Inside of the guard shack, the phone rings. The agent steps inside and answers the telephone. \"White House Northwest Gate, Agent Robbins.\" \"President Bueller,\" Ferris' voice says, from the other end of the phone. \"Yes, Mr. President.\" \"Allow the visitors entrance. I've been expecting them all morning,\" Ferris' voice says. \"Yes, Mr. President.\" The agent reaches down to the control panel and presses a button. The gate rolls open. Deek tosses the agent a quirky smile as the drives the news van through. Simone sits at her desk along the window of the President's Secretary's Office just off of the Oval Office. She continues to file her nails as the telephone's intercom beeps. She answers the phone. \"Simone Adler, President's Office, how may I help you?\" \"Simone, it's The President,\" Ferris' voice says. \"Hey, Mr. B.\" \"I'm expecting some visitors but I'm a little busy right now. Could you show them into the Roosevelt Room for me? I shouldn't be too long.\" \"Sure thing, Mr. B.\" Simone rises up from her desk and makes her way across her office. Jeanie, Deek with his shoulder camera and Jack stand in the lobby. Simone appears through one of the many doors, smiles and motions them forward. Simone guides them through a door, a short hallway then into the Roosevelt Room. This is a meeting room of the West Wing of the White House. In the center of the room is an extended table with numerous chairs all about. There is several large painting hanging along the walls. \"The President will be with you shortly,\" Simone cheerfully says, then dismisses herself. \"Start getting some shots,\" Jeanie says, to Deek. Deek slowly turns his camera capturing the essence of the Roosevelt Room. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron wander through the halls of the main house of the Reptile Garden of the Washington D.C. Zoo. They approach the snake pit and turn at the exhibit. The snake pit is entirely enclosed and surrounded with thick sheets of Plexiglas angled inward like a slanted roof. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron lean over and press themselves against the Plexiglas, looking into the snake pit and hundreds of slithering occupants. Deek has shot as much footage as he can of the Roosevelt room. His camera rests on the central table. Jack begins to fidget in his chair looking blankly at the ceiling. Jeanie stands facing a wall, staring at one of many of the paintings hanging on the wall. She sighs. She's had enough of this waiting around. Jeanie makes her way across the room and approaches a telephone resting on a corner table. She presses the intercom button. \"Simone Adler, President's Office, how may I help you?\" Simone's voice says. \"How much longer will the President be?\" Jeanie asks, in an abrupt tone. \"It shouldn't be too much longer,\" Simone's voice says. \"That's what you said an hour ago.\" \"Hold on one moment and I'll transfer you.\" There is a long silence. \"Hello?\" Ferris' voice says, from the other end of the telephone. \"Ferris? It's Jeanie. I've been waiting for you for over an hour!\" \"I'll be right with you,\" Ferris' voice says. \"I'm in the middle of a meeting regarding our nation's security.\" Ferris pauses. \"Thank-you for your patience.\" \"Ferris!\" CLICK. \"I didn't know news anchors were in the practice of calling Presidents by their first names,\" Jack says. Jeanie whips her head around. \"He's not the President, he's my brother!\" Jack and Deek's jaws drop. Jeanie turns and makes her way across the room and approaches the wet bar. The bar was added to the Roosevelt Room during the James Marshall Administration. Jeanie pours herself a drink then turns toward Jack. \"I was born Jeanie Bueller, Ferris' younger sister. I took my mother's maiden name for awhile then got married. I'm Mrs. Volbeck. I didn't want anyone to know that Ferris, the President, was my brother.\" \"Were you afraid for your life?\" Jack asks. \"No. I was afraid that no one would take me seriously being Ferris' sister; always in his shadow.\" \"Does anyone else know?\" \"No and they won't, either!\" Jeanie pauses. \"Will they!?\" \"No...\" Jack says. \"Not from me,\" Deek adds. Jeanie slightly smiles feeling a little reassured. She sips on her drink as she makes her way toward the extended table. Although resting on the table, Deek's shoulder camera's record light is flashing. Deek subtly reaches over and turns off the camera. Jack stands and approaches Jeanie. In a fatherly way he places his hand on her shoulder. \"I know how you feel,\" he says. \"I have an older sister who's like that. She was my mom and dad's favorite, although they never said so.\" \"They didn't have to, did they?\" \"No...\" Sloane stands on the green area at the end of hole seven of the miniature golf course. She lines up her pink ball the putts it into the cup. As Sloane retrieves her ball, Cameron comes up from behind several yards away and lines up his shot. It is a near impossible putt to make par. Cameron pauses then let's it rip. Cameron's blue ball bounces from side to side along the wooden railings. The ball curves around, rolls then falls into the cup. Ferris stands at the scoring podium marking each of their previous shots. It appears Cameron is now in the lead. Throughout the miniature golf course, the various holes are filled with dating couples, families and groups of teenaged kids. No one seems to notice the President, the First Lady and what's-his-name playing along. \"Surprisingly, Cam has taken to this golf thing pretty well. A few years ago he was my partner in a charity Pro/Am tournament. We came in second. It was too bad that Barker and Gilmore were disqualified that year.\" Hole twelve of the miniature golf course is a bit more challenging that the previous holes. Ferris tees off. His purple ball rolls up a slope, banks then drops into a trap. Sloane lines up her ball and tees off. It rolls up the slope, banks then curves. It lands safely away from the trap along the green. Cameron studies the hole. He places his ball down and lines up his shot. Cameron tees off. The ball effortlessly makes his way through the course, rolls onto the far green then sinks into the hole; a hole in one! Cameron triumphantly clutches his fist. \"Yes!\" Ferris smiles as he marks the shot on the score card atop the next podium. Hole eighteen; the last hole and par one for a free game. Ferris looks down at the score card and adds up his and Cameron's shots. \"This should be interesting.\" Ferris turns toward Cameron. \"We're tied up. One hole to go,\" Ferris says. Cameron devilishly smiles at Ferris. \"I sink this and you don't, I go back to work and you two go home.\" \"And if I sink it and you don't?\" Ferris playfully asks. \"You won't...\" Ferris smiles. Ferris drives Cameron's Hummer with Sloane sitting in the front passenger seat. Cameron sits in the center of the backseat sulking. Ferris and Cameron have removed and stored the soft-top of the Hummer. The wind blows through their hair as Ferris continues to drive along the streets of Washington D.C.. Ferris looks into the windshield's rear-view mirror. \"Humiliation is good every once in awhile.\" Ferris pauses. \"Don't look at me that way. I did try and let him win this time. It's not my fault he choked. And no, I wasn't ready to go back to work yet.\" Cameron's Hummer's phone rings. \"Great...\" Cameron leans forward and presses the intercom button of his phone along the Hummer's console. \"Doctor Cameron Frye.\" \"Where the hell are you!?\" Dotty's voice screeches from the other end. \"I called your office again and they said you never came back!\" \"I'm still-\" Dotty interrupts. \"If you say you're still with Ferris, boy are you in trouble!\" Cameron thinks for a moment. \"I'm still on my way back. I'm having some car trouble.\" Cameron is lying through his teeth. \"What's wrong with the Hummer?\" \"It's the steering. It's not going where I want it to go.\" Ferris playfully wiggles the steering wheel. \"Take it back to the dealership. As much money as we paid for it!\" \"We? Not as much as Cameron paid for her nose job and \"pair of accessories\". With as much work Dotty has had done you'd think Cameron would have gotten a bulk rate.\" \"I'll get back to work as soon as I can,\" Cameron says. \"Is Ferris with you right now?\" Dotty snidely asks. \"Ah, no.\" \"I don't believe you. Turn on the phone-cam.\" \"I don't think that Dotty realizes that a phone-cam is not standard in a Hummer. That was one of the options Cameron didn't choose.\" Ferris and Sloane are deathly quiet. \"Do you feel better now?\" Cameron asks. \"No,\" Dotty says. \"Do you have the top down?\" \"Yes, dear. It's a nice day,\" Cameron replies. \"I want you to call me as soon as you get to the dealership.\" \"Okay, honey.\" \"Don't honey me. Just do it!\" CLICK. \"I think that went well,\" Ferris says. \"Shut-up, Mr. President.\" Jack is pacing the floor of the Roosevelt Room. Like a quarter-horse running a derby, Jack laps the large table in the center of the room. Deek sits with his feet propped up on the table taking a nap. All of this \"excitement\" has worn him out. Jeanie has gazed upon and studied all of the large pictures hanging on the walls for far too long. \"I've had enough of this!\" Jeanie exclaims causing Deek to abruptly wake-up. Jeanie storms out of the Roosevelt Room and enters a small hallway. Jack follows close behind with Deek bringing up the rear with his shoulder camera in place. Jeanie walks through another short hallway and enters the President's Secretary's Office. Simone sits at her desk filing a thin stack of papers. She turns to see Jeanie, Deek and Jack facing her from across her desk. Jeanie motions her head toward the Oval Office. \"Is he in there?\" Jeanie asks. \"The door is closed. I don't know,\" Simone replies. \"Which button is it?\" Jeanie asks, pointing to the telephone intercom resting on Simone's desk. \"Its line three,\" Simone says. Jeanie rounds Simone's side of her desk and presses line three's button. \"Hello?\" Ferris' voice says, from the other end of the telephone. \"Ferris? It's Jeanie. I'm sick and tired of waiting for you!\" \"I'll be right with you,\" Ferris' voice says. \"I'm in the middle of a meeting regarding our nation's security.\" Ferris pauses. \"Thank-you for your patience.\" \"Ferris!?\" Jeanie shouts. There is no reply from the Oval Office. CLICK. \"Wait a second,\" Jeanie says. \"I know this...\" She quickly makes her way around Simone's desk and charges toward the nearest Oval Office door. \"You can't go in there!\" Simone blurts out. \"Watch me!\" Jeanie declares. Jeanie bursts into the Oval Office; it's vacant. Jeanie storms over to the President's desk. She quickly looks at the telephone. There is a thin cord running from the telephone to the closed top right hand drawer. Jeanie opens the drawer and removes a small handheld tape-recorder. She presses the stop button then rewinds. Jeanie presses the play button. \"Simone, it's the President,\" Ferris' voice says. There is no reply, just a pause. \"I'm expecting some visitors but I'm a little busy right now. Could you show them into the Roosevelt Room for me? I shouldn't be too long.\" The same identical thing he had said to Simone earlier. Jeanie presses stop, rewind, and then play of the handheld taper-recorder. \"President Bueller,\" Ferris' voice says, from the other end of the phone. There is no reply, just a long pause. \"Allow the visitors entrance. I've been expecting them all morning,\" Ferris' voice says. The same identical thing he had said to the agent at the guard shack earlier. Outraged, Jeanie rips the cord from the telephone and hurls the handheld tape-recorder across the room. It shatters against the wall. Jack smirks. \"Was it good for you?\" ~ 6 ~ The convention center remains active with the booths filled with volunteers. As the day progresses, the atmosphere and tempo increases. The Presidential race is closer than anyone had expected. The electoral votes are nearly tied. The election might just come down to the popular votes. Jack paces around inside of his command post booth. His immediate volunteers continue to monitor their computers and answer phones. The next booth over, Jeanie and Deek appear bored out of their minds. Deek had already shot footage of the convention center and Jeanie has already interviewed several volunteers. \"Mr. Taylor,\" one volunteer says, over the dull roar of the command post. \"Yes?\" Jack says, turning toward the volunteer. \"Something just came through,\" she says, tapping her finger on her ear piece of her telephone receiver headset. \"It appears that President Bueller has been spotted at a miniature golf course across town.\" \"Got it,\" Jack says, patting her on the shoulder. \"Thank-you.\" Jack slips through the volunteers and makes his way over to the next booth. He catches Jeanie's attention. She quickly faces him, seeing a devilish smile roll across his lips. \"Who's your best friend?\" Jack asks. \"You are?\" Jack nods his head at Deek; it's time to go! Deek springs to his feet and gathers up his shoulder camera. Jack leads Jeanie and Deek through the maze of booths along the main aisle of the convention center. They are headed for the door. Seeing that the Presidential hopeful, reporter and the cameraman is gone, the volunteer reaches toward the telephone and dials a phone number. \"Yeah, it's me,\" she says, in a near whisper. \"I'm calling to give you a heads up...\" Agent One listens to his cell phone with the volunteer on the other end. He stands in the center of the study just off of the Oval Office. \"Thank-you for the intell,\" Agent One says. He clicks off the volunteer's line then presses a speed-dial button. He waits a moment until the other end answers. \"Mr. President? You have a situation...\" Ferris continues to drive with the wind blowing through his hair. With his free hand, he presses his cell phone to his ear listening to Agent One. \"I understand,\" Ferris says, over the blowing wind across his face. \"Thanks for the call but there's nothing to worry about.\" Ferris hangs up with Agent One and slides his cell phone into his jacket pocket. He's wearing a different jacket than earlier. It's a captain's jacket. Getting a better look at the President, he doesn't appear to be sitting behind the steering wheel of Cameron's Hummer. Ferris is standing while driving. This is not the console or dash of the Hummer but something else. The Presidential Yacht, Sloane One, glides across the water of the north end of the Chesapeake Bay. The bridge rests on top of the two-floor vessel. The yacht is more of a speedboat; sleek and regal. Immediately to the left of Ferris and the control center, Sloane sits on a cushioned bench the length of a loveseat. Toward the stern of the bridge, a cushioned horseshoe seating area curved around a table. Cameron sits looking out at the bay, disinterested. Keeping his hand on the wheel, Ferris turns about. \"Hey, Cam!\" Ferris blurts out. \"Wanna drive for awhile!?\" Cameron leaps up from the cushioned horseshoe and scampers across the bridge. He stands next to Ferris and gives the captain a salute. \"Lieutenant Frye reporting for duty, Sir. You may take your leave. Arrrrg!\" Ferris and Cameron switch places. Cameron takes the wheel as Ferris makes his way to the cushioned bench and plops down next to Sloane. \"You pirates hungry?\" Sloane asks. \"I can always eat,\" Cameron blurts out. Ferris simply smiles and nods his head. Sloane stands, turns and ducks down, entering the hatchway to the lower area of the vessel. She passes through the moderately furnished lounge then enters the galley. Sloane opens the fridge and pulls out some cold cuts and containers of sliced cheese. She reaches up to the cabinet and takes out several boxes of crackers. Ferris sits back on the bench cushion and watches the Chesapeake Bay roll passed them. \"In all honesty, Sloane can't cook. She can bake a premade pizza, sure. But that's not really cooking, is it? For some people I'm sure that it a great task. I think since we're moved into the White House, Sloane has gotten a little spoiled. She hasn't had to cook, clean, do laundry or any other domestic chores or \"normal\" things wives do. I'm not at all complaining. It gives me more time to spend with her. Besides running the country, I have every little to do.\" Sloane has spread out the variety of crackers onto a serving plate. She meticulously begins to cover the crackers with the cold cuts and slices of cheese. \"Did he say I'm a little spoiled? I know how to cook it's just that the White House kitchen staff doesn't let me. I'll want to make Ferris a home cooked meal. Do you know what that consists of? I tried it a few times during Ferris' first year as President. I took my shopping list and was driven in the Presidential car, they call it the Beast. Really, the Beast? I had an escort in front and back. We drove to the store and I was escorted inside by four secret service agents. Can you guess how that turned out?\" Sloane puts the finishing touches on the snack platter. She takes the platter in hand and heads for the hatchway. \"I know how to cook they just don't let me. I'm not complaining. It gives me more time to spend with him. Besides hosting a handful of charity events and being a keynote speaker from time to time, I have every little to do.\" Sloane appears from the hatchway and approaches Cameron steering the vessel. Sloane looks beyond the bridge and sees that Ferris has moved to the bow of the boat. Ferris leans forward along the bow's railing with his arms reaching out. The wind is blowing through his hair. Cameron and Sloane shake their heads. This isn't the first time they've seen Ferris' Jack Dawson imitation. Being alone for the first time today, Cameron reaches into his jacket pocket and retrieves the sealed envelope. He hands it to Sloane. She nervously takes it. Ferris turns from the bow and makes his way along the narrow walkway around the bridge. Sloane slides the envelope under the serving platter, turns and heads toward the table and horseshoe seating area. \"What were you two talking about?\" Ferris asks. \"We were discussing whether or not to throw you overboard,\" Sloane playfully says. \"Arrrg! Mutiny, eh?\" Ferris says, in a gruff pirate voice. Ferris approaches Cameron and takes a hold of his shoulder. \"Trying to steal my wench from me? Grrrrr.!\" Ferris positions Sloane behind him in an overdramatic way, standing in front of her as if to protect. Cameron steps away from the steering wheel and draws his pretend sword. Ferris moves around the deck and draws his pretend sword. Ferris and Cameron begin to duel with their air-swords. They make clanking and clashing sounds with their mouths, mimicking a sword fight. They move about the aft deck then carefully along the walkway toward the bow. The sword fight continues along the bow with Ferris and Cameron continuing their verbal clanking sounds. The boat begins to slightly veer to the side. Sloane looks blankly at the steering wheel; no one's driving the boat. She quickly takes a few steps forward and takes the steering wheel in hand. The vessel recovers and resumes its forward course. Sloane looks over the control steering wheel. Ferris and Cameron continue their sword fight along the bow. \"Boys...\" The miniature golf course has thinned out a bit. Jeanie stands just off of the green of hole fourteen. Jack stands off in the distance, out of shot. Deek continues to shoot the footage with his shoulder camera as Jeanie interviews a teenage boy. \"So, how long was the President here for?\" Jeanie asks, moving her handheld microphone back and forth during the interview. \"I'm not sure. They were just leaving when I got here,\" the teenager says. \"They? How many were there?\" \"Three. The Prez was with a hottie, well for her age.\" \"Fine-fine.\" \"Then there was the other guy, kinda like a dork. But there was that shot he made on the eightieth hole. Sweet!\" \"...and then what happened?\" \"The Prez pulled it off at the last minute. I guess they had a putt-off or something after that. Not sure who won.\" \"Thank-you,\" Jeanie says, to the teenager. She turns toward Deek. \"Pulled it off at the last minute,\" Jeanie says, into the camera. \"Are these the things to come for this election day? Will the President triumph or will his \"day off\" become a permanent vacation?\" Jeanie pauses for effect. \"The votes are beginning to come in. At this time, Presidential Hopeful Jack Taylor is six points ahead of President Bueller.\" Remaining in the background, Jack appears and steps forward. Deek zooms out and centers the shot of Jeanie and Jack. \"...and here he is now, Jack Taylor.\" The engines of Sloane One have been silenced. The Presidential yacht seems to have docked. Cameron flicks through the television channels in the lounge as Ferris and Sloane tidy-up the galley. Cameron clicks the remote and lands on channel S-M-N-B-C. At the bottom of the screen, a ticker-tape similar to trading stocks and bonds rolls along. Various polls and electoral votes have been counted. President Bueller and Jack Taylor are nationally neck and neck. After the totals of the ongoing election, the actual ticker-tape of stocks and bonds rolls along the bottom of the screen. In the center of the television screen, Jeanie and Jack are seen. Jeanie is continuing her interview. \"Ferris! I think you should take a look at this,\" Cameron loudly says. Cameron turns up the television's volume. Ferris and Sloane make their way out of the galley and enter the lounge. They stand next to Cameron as they watch Jeanie's interview. \"Mr. Taylor, what are you doing out and about today?\" Jeanie asks, moving her microphone back and forth during the interaction between them. \"I'm letting the American people know that I'm on the job. I'm not taking a day off when I should be attending to our great nation's problems. I'm not slacking in my duties and off having a good time. Ferris smiles. \"The last time Jack had a good time, The Eagles were still together.\" Ferris pauses. \"The first time.\" Jack looks into Deek's camera and continues to address the viewing audience. \"Wherever the President is, Sir, good-luck today.\" Jack always closes with his signature slogan. \"Remember America, this candidate was Taylor made.\" \"I'm Jeanie Volbeck with Presidential Hopeful Jack Taylor. S-M-N-B-C news.\" Ferris flops back in the couch of the yacht's lounge. \"Damn it!\" Ferris abruptly says. \"It's alright, Ferris,\" Cameron says, in his most reassuring voice. \"No it's not! Did you get a look at the stock prices today? They took a dump!\" \"Ferris,\" Sloane whispers. \"What? If I'm going to be unemployed I certainly don't want to be broke.\" \"I think you're missing the point,\" Cameron adds. \"I don't get it. Sloane was the first in line to tell me she wanted me to get into politics. Then Mr. Cameron says, \"I don't know want I want to do after high school.\" After he graduated college he wanted us to be partners in his practice and set up our clientele. So here I am, the most powerful man on the planet and I don't know what's next. What's a President to do?\" Cameron points at the television screen where Jack and Jeanie were just a few moments ago. \"You can't take that crap from him!\" \"Let's get drunk and naked,\" Ferris declares. \"I'm serious,\" Cameron says. \"So am I.\" \"Ferris,\" Sloane says, as she sits down beside Ferris. \"It was just a thought.\" Ferris smiles and kisses Sloane on the cheek. \"I have a better idea...\" Deeks' news van pulls to a stop right outside of the S-M-N-B-C studios. Deek hops out of the opened side door with his shoulder camera in hand. Jeanie moves to the driver's seat as Jack climbs up from the back and plops down into the front passenger's seat. Deek makes his way around to the driver's door and leans through the rolled down window. \"I think you're wasting your time,\" Deek says. \"If we hear anything, we'll call,\" Jeanie says, with a smile. \"I won't hold my breath.\" Deek turns and heads toward the entrance of the studios with his camera in tow. Jeanie puts the news van in gear and pulls away heading for the streets of Washington D.C.. Jack reaches for the volume knob of the news van's CB-style radio. Chatter fills the van with sprinkled police, first responder and fire department chatter. There's really nothing going on too drastic right now. Jack turns the volume down to a level to still be able to hear if anything important comes across. He then reaches for the news van's radio station volume knob and turns it up a bit. Frankie Goes to Hollywood's, Relax , continues to play nearing the end of the song. Jeanie pulls to a stop at an intersection traffic light. Her finger beings to tap in-time with the beat of the song on the steering wheel. Jeanie waits for the light to turn green. The song concludes and fades out. The introduction of Nazareth's, Hair of the Dog , begins. The intro concludes and loops over and over with no lyrics begin sung. The radio station's deejay pops on the boom mic, speaking over the looping intro. \"Hey, D.C.! I'm T. Jay the deejay and you're listening to 106.7 K-W-L-F; K-Wolf. The bitch is back and she's in heat. D.C.'s retro station!' T. Jay pauses. \"Well ladies and germs, we have a very special surprise for you today. With me here is the one... the only... President Bueller!\" The intersection traffic light turns green. Jeanie slams on the accelerator and flips a hard U-turn against traffic. Car horns blare as the news van cuts across traffic nearly being hit several times. Jeanie and Jack survive the near collisions as the news van speeds down the street in the opposite direction that they had intended. The new van races along, heading to the K-W-L-F radio station. ~ 7 ~ A long interior hallway runs the length of the office building converted into a collection of affiliated radio stations owned by the same company. Album Oriented Rock, Adult Contemporary, Classical, Country and Religious stations are just a few of the FM stations. Next to each of the individual radio station doorways is a sound proof window allowing people or staff members to look inside of each of the stations. For the most part, the extended hallway is clear. It seems that the radio station down the hall, 106.7 K-Wolf, has drawn all the attention of the staff. There is standing room only facing the retro station's sound proof window. The deejay booth is ten feet by thirteen feet. The sound proof windows fill three of the four walls; the outside north and east as well as the interior south window. The west wall is filled with shelves of album covers, 12 inch records and cases of CDs. A series of pre-recorded commercials seeps out of the exteriors as well as the deejay booth's interior speakers. An audience has formed outside of the windows. The gathered people standing on the sidewalk look inside of the deejay booth. He's really here, downtown, right in front of them. There are two opposing \"L\" shaped counters and work stations. A pair of turntables rests along the interior of the south window. Next to the far turntable is a stack of albums, 12 inch records and CD cases, T. Jay's play selection for the next few hours. A pair of control boards and a boom mic are in the center with a pair of CD players to the east window. In the center of the deejay booth stands the other \"L\" shaped counter and work station. The inside is covered with a variety of control boards and telephone lines. The energetic deejay, T. Jay Roxx, does not like to sit therefore there is no chair. He moves around this area with a boom mic hanging in front of him. Sitting opposite to the \"L\" shaped counter, Ferris reaches up and adjusts his boom mic hanging away from with T. Jay on the other side. Almost blocking the view of the staff members on the other side of the interior sound proof window, Sloane and Cameron stand off to the side near the closed door. Above the closed door, a significant light is dark. The pre-recorded commercials fade out. T. Jay flips a switch on his control board as the light brightens; On the Air. \"You're tuned tight to D.C.'s retro station, 106.7 K-W-L-F, K-Wolf,\" T. Jay says, into his boom mic.\" \"...and back with us is our very special guest, President Bueller.\" \"Please call me Ferris,\" he says, insistently. \"Well, Ferris. Why did you decide to stop by today?\" \"There have been a lot of accusations tossed around today that I have been goofing off,\" Ferris says, into his boom mic. \"The truth is, I have.\" T. Jay and the on-looking staff are stunned; a President telling the truth. \"To be honest, I've always wanted to be a deejay,\" Ferris says. \"I figured what's the point of being the President if I don't know what I'm being the President of. Yeah, I took the day off. So what? If I am unable to enjoy the country that we live in, what right do I have to be the President? If I don't know what the people are doing, how can I do what the people want?\" Cameron leans closer toward Sloane. \"What did he say?\" Cameron whispers. Sloane simply shrugs her shoulders. \"What is your position on the crisis on Socialism in the Netherlands?\" T. Jay asks. \"Missionary.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"The missionary position. I got tired of taking it up the-\" \"A-l-l-l-l-l righty then,\" T. Jay interrupts. \"Mr. President...\" Ferris scowls at the deejay. \"Sorry, Ferris. There are a lot of people on the opposite side of the political aisle that say you are childish when it comes to welfarism. How do you answer that?\" \"Are they on welfare?\" \"Good point.\" \"Do you feel racism has declined in the four years you've been in office?\" \"I feel racism is a state of mind. Do you know how many Chinatowns there are in this country?\" \"No.\" \"Over forty. For pete's sake, Washington state has four. There's one in Chicago where I grew up.\" \"I don't see your point.\" \"Why is it in every city I go to weather campaigning or visiting there's a Chinatown? I mean I understand. When they move to this country people tend to cling to their heritage. They cling to what they know. They're own kind. They are escaping from their county from persecution, religious freedom, bigotry or radicalism. It has been said that America is a melting pot of the world, everyone comes here. Instead of a melting pot I like to think of America as a dog pound.\" T. Jay gives Ferris an odd look. Standing off by the door, Cameron leans in toward Sloane and whispers. \"He's on a roll.\" \"No, let me finish.\" Ferris continues in his boom mic. \"A dog pound is where homeless dogs go to receive help and hopefully find a new home where people will love them and take care of them. We the people , are longing for that same thing. Someone to love us and take us in. Every city has a Chinatown, every city has a dog pound. Here we have Asian, Mexicans, African American, Muslim, Irish, Poles, Russian and that's just to name a few. In a dog pound they have Peskiness, Pit Bulls, Dachshunds , Irish Settlers, German Shepherds and so on. You know what there is in common? We're all just dogs...\" \"That's an interesting sentiment but it just sounds like you're chasing your next four years in office by your populism of the people.\" \"How about that. After all of these years, I turned into an \"ism\".\" Ferris abruptly stands and begins moving about the deejay booth. He turns and faces the shelves of albums, 12 inch records and CD cases. As he moves about, the numerous boom mics continue to follow his voice. \"To quote former President Bill Mitchell, \"I'd like to apologize to the American people. You see, I forgot that I was hired to do a job for you. And it was just a temp job at that.\"\" Alphabetically, Ferris finds the 12 inch record he was searching for. He takes the record out of the cover and places onto the empty turntable. He speaks into the mic as he looks out through the window at the assembled people on the sidewalk outside. \"Ladies and gentlemen, you're such a wonderful crowd. We'd like to play a little tune for you. It's one of my personal favourites. And I'd like to dedicate it to you, the American people, who are going through their day-to-day lives. For those of you who don't think you've seen anything good today. This one's for you.\" Ferris puts the needle on the spinning 12 inch record and turns the volume up. An extended intro begins; drums, a cymbal and keyboard. An upbeat danceable tune; Re-Flex's, Politics of Dancing. Ferris makes his way around the \"L\" shaped counter and heads toward the door. He suddenly stops and reaches for the nearest boom mic. \"Now, get out vote for me to keep my temp job for another four years. Thank-you and remember to enjoy your day!\" Ferris takes Sloane by the hand and exits the deejay booth. Cameron quickly follows behind. T. Jay kills the, On the Air , button, waves good-bye and begins dancing around the deejay booth. In the hallway, Ferris pauses, turns and faces Sloane. Ferris begins dancing. Sloane is slightly embarrassed as she reluctantly begins dancing. The intro concludes as the lyrics begin. We got the message, I heard it on the airwaves. The politicians, Are now deejays. An attractive intern from another radio station down the hall catches Cameron's eye. She and Cameron begin dancing. In a matter of moments, the entire hallway is filled with dancing and high spirits. The broadcast was spreading, Station to station. Like an infection, Across the nation. Out along the sidewalk in front of the radio studios, the gathered people dance along the sidewalks and spill out onto the vacant spots of the parking lot. The dance tune continues to seep out from the exterior speakers. Well you know you can't stop it, When they start to play. You gotta get out the wa-a-a-y! Jeanie wildly drives the S-M-N-B-C news van into the radio station's front parking lot. She quickly finds an empty parking spot with no one dancing in it. Jeanie and Jack bolt from the news van and head toward the side entrance. They have to weave their way in and out of the dozens of dancing couples. The politics of dancing, The politics of ooo feeling good. The politics of moving, ah-ha, Is this message understood? Ferris, Sloane and Cameron abruptly exit the radio studios from the rear door. They dart toward Cameron's parked Hummer among the employee's vehicles. They climb inside with Ferris behind the steering wheel, Sloane in front and Cameron in back. The politics of dancing, The politics of ooo feeling good. The politics of moving, ah-ha, Is this message understo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-d? The extended remix of the upbeat song continues to play. Ferris steers the Hummer out of the rear parking lot area and dives along the side street, disappearing in traffic. Jeanie and Jack struggle to make their way along the hallway. The staff members and interns continue dancing. They finally make their way to 106.7 K-Wolf. Looking out through the sound proof window, T. Jay recognizes the Presidential hopeful and the syndicated news reporter. T. Jay gives them a mocking wave and continues to dance. The staff and interns subtly move in closer to each other creating a mosh-pit kind of feeling. They intentionally block any of Jeanie and Jack's attempt of departure or escape. Deek sits at the monstrous control board of the editing bay. His shoulder camera rests on its side on the counter beside him. Facing the numerous screen and monitors, Deek twists and turns several knobs. With his thumb, he slightly moves a toggle lever. Appearing on the editing screen directly in front of him, the Roosevelt Room is seen. Jack sits off to the side with Jeanie staring at one of the many paintings around the room. Since Deek's camera was resting on its side on the large table, the footage was shot sideways. Deek moves the toggle lever causing the footage to right itself. Now the shot is vertical with the room appearing upright. Deek continues to edit Jeanie's confession. \"I'll be right with you,\" Ferris' voice says. \"I'm in the middle of a meeting regarding our nation's security.\" Ferris pauses. \"Thank-you for your patience.\" \"Ferris!\" CLICK. \"I didn't know news anchors were in the practice of calling Presidents by their first names.\" Jeanie whips her head around. \"He's not the President, he's my brother!\" Jack and Deek's jaws drop. Jeanie turns and makes her way across the room and approaches the wet bar. The bar was added to the Roosevelt Room during the James Marshall Administration. Jeanie pours herself a drink then turns toward Jack. \"I was born Jeanie Bueller, Ferris' younger sister. I took my mother's maiden name for awhile then got married. I'm Mrs. Volbeck. I didn't want anyone to know that Ferris, the President, was my brother.\" \"Were you afraid for your life?\" Jack asks. \"No. I was afraid that no one would take me seriously being Ferris' sister. Always in his shadow.\" \"Does anyone else know?\" \"No and they won't, either!\" Jeanie pauses. \"Will they!?\" \"No...\" Jack says. \"Not from me,\" Deek adds. The pre-recorded footage ends... Ferris drives Cameron's Hummer along the streets of Washington D.C.. The soft-top remains down and tucked away. Sloane sits next to Ferris in the front with Cameron seated in the middle of the backseat. He continues to look around and the sights of the city, completely disinterested. \"I'm getting kinda hungry,\" Sloane says. \"Yeah, me too,\" Cameron chimes in. \"Alright,\" Ferris says, as he loving reaches over and pats Sloane on the thigh. \"I know of somewhere really special .\" ~ 8 ~ \"Yeah, Ferris,\" Sloane disappointingly says. \"This is really special. \" \"C'mon, it'll be fun,\" Ferris enthusiastically says. The inner walls of the nationalized franchise pizza parlor are decorated with neon lights and movie posters. Along one wall is a row of skee-ball alleys. In another area are several basketball hoops. The main play area is covered with a wide range of coin operated games, spitting out tickets. Off in the far corner next to the edge of the seating area of booths and tables stands the play-place. A large tower of cubicles, tunnels and mazes. The primary plastic tunnel slide dumps out into a wading pool filled with plastic balls. Large oversized costumed characters roam throughout the masses of laughing children. Other related characters hover around the ends of various booths and tables, entertaining ongoing children's birthday parties. On-looking parents, aunts, uncles and grandparents watch as the swarms of children continue their celebrating. Walking hand-in-hand-in-hand, Ferris, Sloane and Cameron have joined a chain of children entering the pizza parlor. Thinking that she may have recognized the President, a mother of the newly arrived children's birthday party allows Ferris and his small group to cut ahead of them. Ferris smiles and politely nods as he, Sloane and Cameron break away from the handheld chain of children and approach the order counter. \"Welcome to The Mouse House,\" the bubbly uniformed employee says. \"May I take your order?\" Ferris eagerly looks at Sloane and Cameron. They look at each other then at the President; they just want to eat! Sloane's earlier snack platter just wasn't enough. Sloane smiles. \"Go ahead,\" Cameron says, knowing what Ferris wants to order. Sloane smirks at Ferris as she shakes her head. \"Go ahead, Ferris,\" she says. Ferris turns toward the employee and orders. \"I'd like two Chicago style pizzas, three salad bars, an order of cheese sticks and three sides of buffalo wings, extra spicy.\" \"How would you like to pay for this, Sir?\" Ferris turns away from the employee and reaches for his wallet inside of his jacket pocket. He pulls outs a silver credit card with the picture of the White House imprinted on it. Ferris holds up the credit card, smiles and speaks in his best Carl Malden's, American Express , commercial voice. \"The Presidential Titanium credit card; good for purchasing small island countries, paying off interest of the national debt, quickly getting out of a country during a coup or swinging by and picking up Sloane a bouquet of flowers, not a Virginia ham.\" Ferris pauses. \"Don't leave home without it.\" Ferris hands the employee the credit card who takes it and slides it through the card pad. The employee seems oblivious that she has just taken the order of the President of the United States. Oblivious, maybe. Or maybe she just doesn't care. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron have all but finished their food leaving the empty pizza platters on their booth's table top. Their plates are scattered with remaining pizza crusts and buffalo wing bones. Sloane wipes the corners of her mouth with her napkin, slides out of the booth and makes her way toward the restrooms near the back of the play area. Suddenly, a plastic ball flies out from the wading pool area and flops onto one of Ferris' empty pizza platters. Ferris takes the ball in hand as a young boy, Billy, approaches the end of their booth. Ferris waves the plastic ball in front of Billy. The young boy reaches for it. Ferris pulls it away, taunting Billy. Ferris motions the ball closer to him as Billy reaches for it again. Ferris pulls it away. Billy growls then swiftly kicks Ferris in the shin. \"Ow!\" \"Serves you right,\" Cameron says. Ferris reaches down and rubs his \"injured\" shin. He looks up and scowls at Billy. \"You've had it now,\" Ferris says, in a threatening yet playful tone. Ferris springs up from the booth and chases Billy across the floor. They run in and out through the maze of coin operated games, playing a game of cat and mouse. Sloane stands facing the wall length mirror of the women's restroom. She touches up the loose strands of hair as a pair of mothers each exits their stalls. Sloane politely nods at them through their reflections in the mirror. As the mothers wash their hands, Sloane continues to look upon their reflections. The mothers look worn and tired. With courteous smiles, the mothers turn and exit the women's restroom leaving Sloane alone. She looks at her own reflection for several moments. Sloane slowly reaches into her pocket and removes the sealed envelope Cameron had given to her earlier in the day. She stares at the envelope for a long moment. She looks up at the mirror and gazes upon her own reflection. The beeping and ringing sounds of the ongoing coin operated games outside of the restroom seems to fade away from her awareness. Slowly, Sloane opens the envelope. Cameron sits by himself as Sloane approaches the end of the booth. He looks up at her as she slides in and sits across from him. There is something different about her; almost an inner glow. \"You opened the envelope?\" Cameron asks. \"I opened the envelope,\" Sloane replies. She looks around the maze of coin operated games. \"Where's Ferris?\" Cameron motions his head to the area behind their booth. Sloane looks toward the towering play-place of tunnels, slides, cubicles and mazes. At the top, Ferris crawls out of a cubical, along and bridge and disappears inside of another cubical. Moments later, Billy appears crawling after Ferris. At the other end, Ferris appears from the cubical and hits the top of the largest slide. Ferris rises up his hands and slips down the slide. A moment later, Billy appears and follows after. Ferris slides into the wading pools of plastic balls and disappears under the surface. Billy follows suit and splashes into the pools of plastic balls filled with other playing children. Below the surface of plastic balls, Ferris holds up his hand, forming the shape of a shark's dorsal fin. The theme of Jaws can almost be heard. The dorsal fin cuts through the surface of plastic balls. Suddenly, one of the children is dragged under and disappears. The remaining children scream with delight. They frantically scatter and attempt to reach the exit area of the wading pool. One by one the children make it to safety; all except Billy. He trudges through the balls attempting to make it to the exit. He is suddenly dragged under and disappears. Sloane and Cameron smile at each other then turn back toward the play-place. There is a long stillness. With Billy in one arm and the other child in the other arm, Ferris explodes from below the surface of plastic balls. All three of them are laughing their heads off. \"Do it again! Do it again!\" Billy squeals. Ferris carries the two children through the balls and steps out onto the floor. He tenderly sets them down and motions his head for them to return to their parents. The children scamper off. Ferris straightens his tie as he makes his way back toward his booth. He sees Cameron's face first, then Sloane's. There's something different about her. Cameron drives his Hummer along the end of the street and begins passing over a suspended bridge. Ferris and Sloane sit in the backseat close to each other. The soft top has been raised drastically cutting down on the outside street noise as well as the wind. There is an awkward silence between the three of them. Ferris glances into the Hummer's rear-view mirror to catch a glimpse of Cameron looking back at them. Ferris turns toward Sloane as if to say something. The Hummer's cell phone rings. Cameron reaches forward and presses in hands-free speaker button of the mounted cell phone on the dashboard. \"Doctor Cameron Frye,\" he says. \"Where the hell are you? I called your work and they said you never came back,\" Dotty's voice screeches from the other end of the phone line. \"But...\" \"Don't but me, mister! I also called the dealership and they said you never showed there either. Are you listening to me, buster!?\" \"I, ah...\" \"You're stilling hanging out with Ferris, aren't you, buddy? You're little pal!\" \"I can...\" \"I don't want you to explain. I want you to drop off your little friend and get back to work!\" \"That is enough! I'm not about to take anymore of your crap!\" Cameron barks. \"Excuse me? What did you say to me? Who do you think you're talking to, mister?\" \"Call me Sir, goddamn it!\" Cameron reaches for the phone's button and hangs up on his wife. He fumes for a moment before reaching for the mounted cell phone and tears it from the dashboard. He chucks it out of the window. The cell phone flies over and passed oncoming traffic and disappears over the side railing of the suspended bridge. The cell phone plummets until splashing into the Potomac River below. Ferris and Sloane remain silent in the backseat. Cameron glances into the rear-view mirror seeing Ferris' unsure reflection. The Hummer continues over the suspended bridge, heading back to the heart of D.C.. Jeanie turns off of Pennsylvania Avenue and pulls the news van along side of the guard shack of the Northwest Appointment Gate of the White House. The secret service agent from the Uniformed Division steps out of the shack and approaches the driver's side of the news van. \"You again?\" he asks. The agent looks inside of the news van; Jeanie appears to be alone this time. \"Where's the rest of the bunch?\" \"Left them at day-care,\" Jeanie sarcastically says. \"I'm here to see the President, if he's here.\" \"Again? Let me guess, no appointment.\" \"Just tell 'im Hannibal is at the gate.\" The agent turns and makes his way into the guard shack. Picking up the phone, he dials a number and waits for the party on the other end to answer. \"Sir?\" he says into the receiver. \"It's that reporter again.\" Agent One stands at the first floor window along the backside of the West Wing. His facial features are shadowed and hidden from sight. \"You did the right thing by calling me,\" Agent One says into his cell phone. \"Let her in.\" \"Yes, Sir.\" There is no one to greet Jeanie in the lobby. For some odd reason, the West Wing appears empty. There are no tours happening, no visitors and no staff. This is unsettling as Jeanie makes her way through the hallway. Jeanie makes her way up the grand stairs. She stands on the second floor landing with the Matt Douglas bedroom just across the hall. Jeanie manoeuvres her way through the White House with no guide or agent. She navigates around the house like she's been here on numerous occasions. She walks along the central hall, through the west sitting area, turns and approaches a door; the Presidential bedroom. Jeanie inches her way into the bedroom. It is very tidy and pristine. The furnishings are polished and surround the four-post California king sized bed. From the opened door of the Presidential bathroom, the toilet flushes. Jeanie turns to see Agent One exiting the bathroom, zipping up his fly. He makes his way closer to her. They stand nearly toe to toe. Jeanie and Agent One seem very familiar with each other, even casual. \"Hi,\" Jeanie says, with a smile. \"Hi ya',\" Agent One replies. Cameron slips his Presidential parking permit along the dash of his Hummer. He hops out from the driver's side and closes the door. He makes his way around the front of the Hummer and approaches Ferris and Sloane standing there holding hands. Cameron looks at them then oddly into the near distance. \"You wanna go here?\" Cameron asks. \"We have nothing to wear,\" Sloane says. \"So?\" Ferris says, as he pulls out his wallet and flashes his Presidential credit card. \"C'mon, Ferris. We've had enough fun for the day. Can we go back now,\" Cameron says. Taking Sloane by the hand, Ferris leads them through the filled parking lot toward their destination. \"Today's a good day for Cam. He actually told his current wife off. He never did that with his other wives. He's getting pretty good at this marriage thing. I figure by the time he makes it to wife five or six, he'll have it down to a science. Now me on the other hand, I told you I was going to marry Sloane. Didn't I? Sure we've had our ups and downs, what marriage hasn't? I work too much and she has too many charities. What's the difference? They're both addictions.\" Ferris, Sloane and Cameron approach the main entrance. The background noise begins to filter in. The sounds of playful laughter, joyous screams and yelling and the constant sounds of water fill the air. The water park sprawls out over ten acres. There are four separate towers standing in each of the park's corners. Each of the steps lead up the towers cresting at the top. The various water tubes and tunnels send the visitors downward into large pools of cool water. The inner area of the water park is filled with a variety of aquatic attractions and play areas. There is even a wave generated attraction, Sand and Surf. The water park's gift shop is open sided resembling more like a large gazebo. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron step out from the gift shop with their purchased swimsuits in hand. Ferris and Sloane give each other a quick kiss before Sloane turns and heads toward the nearby women's dressing rooms and lockers. Ferris and Cameron head off in the opposite direction toward the men's dressing rooms and lockers. Ferris begins humming a tune, a familiar tune. Cameron glances at Ferris. Cameron knows that tune as it begins running through his head. The water park's men's dressing room is lined to one side with a bay of lockers. A row of dressing room stalls, ten in all, lines the opposite wall with a row of sinks and toilet stalls lining the opposing walls. All but two of the dressing room stalls are occupied. Ferris continues to hum the familiar tune as they peek under the closed dressing room stall doors and find two vacant. Ferris and Cameron enter their own dressing room stalls. Ten pairs of feet are seen under the doors of the dressing room stalls. Some men are getting dressed. Some men, as well as Ferris and Cameron, are getting undressed and into their swimming suits. Ferris' humming grows louder until bursting into song. Cameron as well as the other men in the stalls oblige Ferris and eventually join in. Under the boardwalk, Down by the sea, yeah. On a blanket with my baby, Is where I'll be. Under the boardwalk. Out of the sun. Under the boardwalk. We'll be havin' some fun. Under the boardwalk. People walkin' above. Under the boardwalk. We'll be falling in love. All together now- Under the boardwalk. Boardwalk! Ferris sings solo again then is accompanied by Cameron and the other men. From the park you hear the happy sound of a carousel. Mmm, you can almost taste the hot dogs and French fries they sell. Under the boardwalk, Down by the sea, yeah. On a blanket with my baby, Is where I'll be. Under the boardwalk. Out of the sun. Under the boardwalk. We'll be havin' some fun. Under the boardwalk. People walkin' above. Under the boardwalk. We'll be falling in love. All together now- Under the boardwalk. Boardwalk! One by one, the doors of the dressing stalls open. The men step out and glance at each other as if nothing had happened. Half of them are fully dressed. Ferris, Cameron and a half dozen wear their swimming suits. Ferris wears an American flag pair of swimming trunks similar to Apollo Creed's boxing trunks. Cameron wears a pair of swimming trunks with images of the motion picture's main character, Ted . Casually, they nod at each other. The dressed men head off toward the exit. Ferris, Cameron and the other men approach the bay of lockers and stow their clothing inside. They each remove their own locker keys and secure them inside of wherever they can inside of their swimming suits. Ferris, Cameron and the other men head toward the opened doorway leading into the water park. As they exit, all together now- Under the boardwalk. Boardwalk! ~ 9 ~ The northeast corner of the water park is consumed by the aquatic attraction, Avalanche, a five story tower with six winding water slides. The visitors make their way down the slides on individual sleds. The attraction's effect is to ride an avalanche; fast and dangerous. Safely spaced out from each other, Sloane, Ferris then Cameron make their way down the water slide riding their own sleds. Sloane is the first to splash into the Avalanche's large lagoon at the bottom of the attraction. Ferris is next into the water closely followed by Cameron. They smile at each other as they collect their sleds and wade through the lagoon. They return their sleds to the end of the line where the next wave of visitors collect them and begin to head up the steps of the tower. Sand and Surf is shadowed by another tower and aquatic attraction in the background. The wave generated attraction fills up most of the northwest corner of the water park. Beach bunnies lay along the sandy shores of the beach sunning themselves. Among them, Sloane gathers up the sun wearing a small, yet age appropriate, bikini. Coming out of the water, Ferris and Cameron carry their surfboards, just having completed a surf run. Cameron gawks at the beach bunnies as he and Ferris approach Sloane lying along the beach. Ferris nudges Cameron in the ribs. Cameron smirks. \"What happens in D.C., stays in D.C..\" Ferris and Cameron stick their surfboards into the sand then plops down on their towels on opposite sides of Sloane. They resume their conversation that they had begun before mounting their surfboards and beginning their wave run. \"So, let me get this straight,\" Cameron says. \"If the ARPA and the BMDO disagree with the DFAS, then the DCAA gets involved?\" \"Yes, but since they are all under the DOD, the ARPA, BMDO and the DFAS have to report to the DISA and the DLA.\" \"What about the DEA, FBI, CIA and the USMS?\" \"They report to the DOJ, they aren't apart of the DOD.\" \"But the USAF, USMA and the USN are?\" \"Are what?\" \"Part of the DOJ.\" \"No. The USN, USMC and the USAF are under the DOD not the DOJ.\" \"BFD,\" Sloane says. Ferris sits on a collapsible seat inside of a large vertical water tank. The aquatic attraction, Dunk-a-Skunk , has a line of teen aged visitors ready to hurls their filled water balloons at the bulls-eye target. One teen steps to the line and throws his water balloon. It splashes and breaks, just missing the target. Another teen steps forward and throws her water balloon at the target. It is closer than the previous balloon but falls short of sinking Ferris. Three people down in line stands Cameron. He clutches onto his filled water balloon waiting for his turn. He slightly cuts in line and whispers into the ear of the next person standing in the front of the line. \"You know who that is, don't you?\" Cameron asks. The middle aged man shakes his head. \"That's President Bueller!\" The man's eyes widen. \"Yes, you have a chance to sink the President.\" With a determined grin, the man steps forward and hurls his filled water balloon. It hits the target. The collapsible seat under Ferris gives way sending him into the watery bottom of the tank. People all around clap and cheer. The seat is reset. Ferris climbs back on and waves at the waiting line of people. Bring it on, Ferris seems to be indicating. One by one, the people and teens step forward and throw their filled water balloons at the target; some are successful as other are not. Each time, the seat is reset and Ferris climbs back on. Cameron steps toward the front of the line. Mysteriously, almost magically, Cameron has an armful of filled water balloons. He throws each of the water balloons at the target. Ferris splashes into the watery tank below; again, and again, and again, and again. By the fifth time his best friend has sunk him, Ferris climbs out of the water of the tank and scowls toward Cameron. This time, Ferris does not see him. Instead, Ferris sees Sloane standing at the front of the line with Cameron holding nearly a dozen filled water balloons for her. Being the First Lady has its perks, cutting in line. Sloane and Cameron have a mischievous look about them. Sloane takes her first filled water balloon and lets it fly. A large pirate ship attraction, Jolly Roger, rests in the center of a deep lagoon. Water is all around the beached vessel with only one wide gangplank leading up onto the main deck from the beach. Tropical trees line the surrounding sand with beach bunnies sunning themselves and families taking a moment to grab a bit to eat. In total character, Pirate Captain Bueller suddenly appears from the tropical tree line. He waves his foam sword into the air. He has a band of misfit pirates, teens and visitors of the water park, behind him waving similar foam swords. \"Arrrg!\" Captain Ferris shouts at the main deck of the pirate ship attraction. \"Arrrg, you're self!\" Pirate Captain Frye shouts from the railing of the main deck of the ship. Captain Frye turns and barks toward his miss-mash crew of similar visitor and teen pirates. \"Bring the wench on deck!\" he orders. Clutching onto their foam swords, a pair of pirates bring Sloane up on deck. She wears a thin cover-up over her bikini not looking too much like a wench. The pirates thrust Sloane into Captain Frye's arms. He evilly laughs over the railing of the main deck, taunting his rival pirate captain. Captain Bueller and his pirates charge up the gangplank and make their way onto the main deck. Captain Bueller and Captain Frye scowl at each other as they stand toe to toe. \"At last, Captain Frye,\" Captain Bueller growls. \"We meet again for the first time. It will be a pleasure to see the sharks feeding from thou's bones.\" \"The pleasure will be mine when thou walks thy plank, sinking to a watery grave,\" Captain Frye snarls back. \"Arrrrg!\" \"GGrrrrrr!\" \"Captain Frye,\" Sloane says, in character. \"Please save me from thy evil captain. If thou wins, thou may have thee.\" Captain Frye gently pushes Sloane aside and stands in front of her in a protective stance. Captain Bueller is the first to attack. He lunges forward swinging his foam sword. Captain Frye counters the blows with his own foam sword. All about the main deck, the opposing pirates begin to exchange sword blows. \"This day is getting weirder as it goes along. What's up with this? Sloane cheering Cam on? Next thing you know they'll be sleeping together.\" Ferris pauses. \"What the heck. He is my best friend.\" Captain Bueller sweeps his foot and sends Captain Frye reeling to the deck. Sitting on his backside, Captain Frye fends off Captain Bueller's attack. Seeing that Captain Frye is temporarily defeated, Captain Bueller makes his way toward the wench and takes her in his arm, still waving his sword with his other hand. Sloane whispers into Ferris' ear. \"Let the Wookie win.\" There is an odd look on Ferris' face. \"Maybe they already are...\" Captain Frye springs to his feet and charges toward Captain Bueller and the wench. The rival pirate captains exchange sword blows as they maneuver around the main deck of the ship. The deck is littered with opposing pirates; all defeated and lay pretend dead. Captain Bueller and Captain Frye are the only two remaining. With a powerful blow, Captain Frye disarms Captain Bueller. Taking the tip of his foam sword, Captain Frye presses it again Captain Bueller's throat. \"Mercy?\" Captain Frye bellows. \"Mercy is for the weak,\" Captain Bueller snarls back. The wench rushes to Captain Frye's side and gives him a hug. \"Captain Frye, you've saved me,\" she says. Ferris looks away from them and raises an eyebrow. Captain Frye lowers his sword and waves it toward Captain Bueller. He motions the defeated pirate captain to the opposite side railing of the deck of the ship. The main deck comes to life. All of the slain pirates hop to their feet and surround Captain Frye from behind. They begin to chant as Captain Bueller steps out onto the plank. \"Does thee have any last words?\" Captain Frye loudly asks. \"Thee regrets only having one life to give to thee's country and that thee will never see thy homeland again.\" Captain Bueller takes a deep to continue his longwinded farewell speech. \"Thee regrets that thee-\" \"Shut-up and jump in,\" Cameron interrupts and says, out of character, pointing the tip of his foam sword at Ferris. Captain Bueller makes his way to the end of the plank. He turns and proudly faces Captain Frye and the wench. Captain Bueller falls backwards and vanishes from sight. A moment later, a splash is heard below. Captain Frye, the wench and the other pirates make their way to the side railing of the main deck. Looking over the side into the lagoon, there is no trace of defeated pirate captain. Soaking wet, Captain Bueller scampers up the gangplank on the other side of the ship. He darts across the main deck heading toward Captain Frye, Sloane and the pirates, all with their backs toward him. \"All's fair in love and war, right?\" A moment too late, Captain Frye and the wench turn to see Captain Bueller charging toward them. Captain Bueller extends out his arms, wrapping them around the two. Sloane screams as Ferris forces them over the side of the ship. The pirates on deck look over the side to see the three splashing into the lagoon below. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron splash each other as they swim toward the nearest beach. One by one, they find the bottom of the lagoon and begin wading toward the sand. Cameron splashes one last time in Ferris' direction. He catches up with Ferris and slightly shoves him. Cameron is quit miffed. \"You really shouldn't've pushed her over the side like that,\" Cameron says, in a scolding tone. \"Sloane being, in that way .\" Ferris sharply turns. \"What way? Wet?\" The three of them stand on the beach at the edge of the lagoon. Sloane looks at Cameron. Cameron looks at Ferris. Ferris looks at Sloane. Sloane looks at Ferris. Ferris looks at Cameron. Cameron looks at Sloane, then at Ferris then turns away. \"Here's where Ferris goes berserk.\" Ferris is stunned for a long moment. Even begins to slightly hyperventilate. Ferris' eyes widen then he lets out a long and painful yell. The yell is heard all across the water park- Birds are startled and fly away from the branches of the tropical trees- Throughout the kiddy and wading pool, children run for their lives toward their parents- At the tops of each of the water park's slides, tunnels and towers, tourists hear the yell throughout the park- Sunbathing couples turn toward each other then turn and follow Ferris' yell with their eyes in his direction- Ferris' yell is heard across the Potomac River and then- Throughout the Washington Monument- Throughout the Lincoln Memorial- The yell ripples the surface of the Reflecting Pool- Sitting on the end of Ferris' Presidential bed, Jeanie and Agent One tilt their heads and look at each other; they seem to hear Ferris' yell. Across the room, the large screen television continues to roll through the afternoon's broadcast- Ferris runs out of breath, his yelling subsides. With eyes wide open and almost pale in color, he looks at Cameron then looks at Sloane. Ferris begins to fall backward. Cameron and Sloane catch him in their arms. Jack and several of his volunteers scurry about his command post in the middle of the convention center. There seems to be some kind of developing story going on. Jack directs one of his volunteers seated at his computer monitor and keyboard to enlarge the broadcast. In a matter of moments, the S-M-N-B-C's news anchor appears on one of the many big screen televisions hanging from the rafters. The news anchor looks into the primary camera and continues his report. \"Good-afternoon. I'm Brock Jennings and thank-you for tuning into S-M-N-B-C. At the top of the news, the latest polls are just in. Presidential Hopeful Jack Taylor is increasing his lead over President Bueller by nine points.\" Jack and his army of volunteers cheer. \"Just in, as if President Bueller didn't have enough to worry about. It has just been revealed that our own S-M-N-B-C's Jeanie Volbeck is in fact, Jeanie Bueller; the President's sister. She had to keep her mother's maiden name to keep her identity a secret. S-M-N-B-C has obtained exclusive footage of Jeanie \"Volbeck\" Bueller.\" The news anchor disappears from the primary television and is replaced with footage Deek secretly shot inside of the Roosevelt Room of the White House. Jeanie's image fills the television screen. \"I didn't know news anchors were in the practice of calling Presidents by their first names,\" Jack says. Jeanie whips her head around. \"He's not the President, he's my brother!\" Jack and Deek's jaws drop. Jeanie turns and makes her way across the room and approaches the wet bar. The bar was added to the Roosevelt Room during the James Marshall Administration. Jeanie pours herself a drink then turns toward Jack. \"I was born Jeanie Bueller, Ferris' younger sister. I took my mother's maiden name for awhile then got married. I'm Mrs. Volbeck. I didn't want anyone to know that Ferris, the President, was my brother.\" \"Were you afraid for your life?\" Jack asks. \"No. I was afraid that no one would take me seriously being Ferris' sister. Always in his shadow.\" Jeanie and Agent One sit on the end of Ferris' Presidential bed. She reaches for the remote control and turns off the television. Jeanie is silent as oddly, Agent One tenderly takes her hand. \"What are you going to do?\" Agent One softly asks. \"I...I don't know,\" Jeanie says, near catatonic. She stares blankly forward at the darkened television. \"Jeanie?\" Agent One asks. \"Jeanie, are you alright?\" \"Ferris,\" Sloane's voice says. \"Ferris, can you hear me?\" Sloane pauses. \"Ferris, blink if you can understand me...\" ~ 10 ~ Cameron appears from inside of one of the many caves of another of the water park's attractions. The attraction has a jungle feeling about it with several natural looking water slides around the numerous waterfalls, caves and glades of tropical trees throughout. Sloane sits next to Ferris under a tree, shaded from the afternoon sun. Sloane holds onto Ferris' hand as the President continues to blankly stare forward. \"Ferris,\" Sloane lovingly says. \"Ferris, are you alright?\" Sloane turns toward Cameron. \"This isn't working, Cam. We need to try something else...\" Sloane and Cameron have moved Ferris to the top of the water park's jungle attraction. It's a multi-level waterfall with several plateaus. A light waterfall splashes the shoulders and back of the President. He sits there on the edge looking out toward the mazes of caves and tree tops below. Far below his dangling feet is the waterfall's lagoon. Sloane remains at Ferris' side clutching onto his hand. She is obviously unsettled on how Ferris is taking the news about her condition. Cameron walks along the sandy beach of the lagoon, slightly glancing upward. Ferris and Sloane appear sitting on the plateau above with the lagoon below. The gentle waterfall still splashes across Ferris' shoulders and back. Cameron turns. \"This may very well be for real. I think Ferris has finally crashed-out. High school was fun but I don't think I could've made it without Ferris. He was right. We saw a lot of each other through the summer, mostly on weekends and at night. He got a job in his father's mail room and I got a job as a garbage man. What? I didn't have any real high expectations back then. Neither one of us saw too much of Sloane that summer. Her parents were getting a divorce.\" Cameron turns and looks up at Ferris and Sloane. He shakes his head. \"After the summer, that was really about it. Sloane had one more year of high school left. One spring break, Ferris came out to see me. I was in my first year of med-school. I still didn't know what I wanted to do. Ferris was unhappy in his father's mail room so on a dare, I told him to enroll. Yeah, you guessed it. He got into Harvard, no surprise. Soon after that is when I met my first wife. What was I thinking? She was a twisted individual. Ferris and Sloane drifted apart. He thought Sloane still being in high school wouldn't make a difference. It did.\" Cameron makes his way along the far side of the lagoon. \"After Harvard, Ferris totally skipped the work force, bastard. He ran for mayor in a small suburb in Illinois. He held that office for two years then ran for governor. Yep, he got that, too. Now it gets interesting. He was supposed to run for Vice President but before you know what happened? The candidate's popularity dropped and he decided to run for Vice President and Ferris ran for the top spot.\" Cameron glances upward toward Ferris and Sloane. They haven't moved an inch. \"I graduated med-school and wife number three. I was getting pretty good at being a temp-husband. Med-school was pretty much a horrific extension of high school. The biggest difference was that the bullies were better dressed in med-school.\" \"Ferris?\" Sloane asks. She squeezes Ferris' hand. Sloane looks down and sees Cameron looking up at them. \"Wow, what a day to drop the news on him. I guess I should've waited until after the election. If you haven't picked up on it yet, Sloane's pregnant. I don't know what will be tougher for Ferris to handle. Knowing he's going to be a father or knowing that I'm Sloane's doctor.\" Cameron raises his eyebrow. \"Ferris will be a great dad. I wish he could've been my dad.\" Cameron chuckles. \"Ferris and Sloane haven't heard anything yet. I kept something from them.\" Cameron pauses. \"I think they're going to have twins. Can you imagine that? Twin Ferris Buellers?\" \"Ferris, can you hear me?\" Sloane asks. Cameron turns and cups his hands around his mouth. \"Ferris!\" Cameron shouts. \"Snap out of it, buddy!\" Ferris blinks his eyes. He slowly turns to see Sloane's smiling face looking back at him. Ferris turns and looks downward. Cameron remains standing on the beach along the edge of the lagoon. Ferris' weight begins to shift. Sloane reaches out to hold onto Ferris' shoulders a moment too late. Ferris falls from the waterfall and plateau and splashes into the lagoon below. He disappears from the surface. Only his sinking image is seen below the water. Sloane panics. She slides herself over the edge and freefalls from the plateau. Sloane splashes into the lagoon at a safe distance away from Ferris so is not to collide into him. Cameron trudges forward and wades into the lagoon. He dog-paddles further outward until reaching Sloane. Cameron and Sloane take a deep breath and dive under the water. They reach Ferris' motionless body and take him under the arms. Cameron and Sloane reach the surface of the lagoon and drag Ferris toward the beach. They pull him onto the sand and lay him on his back. Ferris remains motionless. \"Ferris! Ferris, wake-up!\" Cameron shouts. \"Ferris!\" Sloane tearfully says. \"Try mouth-to-mouth.\" \"I don't know mouth-to-mouth! You're the doctor!\" \"I'm not that kind of doctor.\" \"What's the difference?\" \" What's the difference?\" \"Ferris! Ferris, wake-up!\" Cameron slaps at Ferris' face several times. Ferris bats his eyes then looks up to see Cameron hovering over him. A devilish smile rolls across Ferris' lips. \"What?\" Cameron blurts out. \"What, are you kidding?\" \"Cameron Frye you're my hero,\" Ferris playfully says. \"Oh, you tool!\" \"I had you going there.\" \"That wasn't funny, Ferris,\" Sloane scolding says. Cameron quickly takes Ferris by the arm, pulls him to his feet then shoves him back into the lagoon. Ferris manages to get to his feet and lunges for Cameron and Sloane. He pulls them both into the lagoon. A splashing water fight ensues. After a few moments of aquatic banter, Ferris approaches Sloane, both wading waist high in the lagoon. Cameron smiles at the couple. They tenderly face each other. Ferris lovingly places his hand on Sloane's stomach. \"You're gonna be a mom,\" Ferris says. \"You're going to be a dad,\" Sloane replies. \"Yeah.\" Ferris smiles. \"I'm gonna be a dad...\" Agent One and Jeanie walk alongside each other through the White House's West Colonnade. They take a sharp left turn and pass by the row of windows of the Cabinet Room. \"Are you sure about this?\" Jeanie asks. \"If anybody knows anything, she does,\" Agent One says. \"Why would she tell you?\" Agent One halts and turns toward Jeanie. He holds her hands and gulps. \"Before we hooked up, before the police station, Simone and I dated for a while. Nothing serious. Then I met you I knew there was no one else for me.\" Jeanie looks at Agent One. She looks at her husband. Jeanie smiles. \"Oh, Garth.\" Jeanie pauses. \"Let's see what she has to say.\" Jeanie and Agent One, Garth Volbeck, kiss. He turns and leads her a few steps to the exterior door of the President's Secretary's Office. Agent One turns the door knob. Jeanie and Agent One enter the office. Simone is standing at her desk straightening a few files. She's done for the day and getting ready to leave. Simone turns to see Jeanie and Agent One standing there looking oddly at her. Simone awkwardly smiles. \"Agent,\" she nervously says. \"Simone, I told her about us.\" Simone quickly turns toward Jeanie. \"I was nothing serious. We just dated a few times in high school. Before Garth met you.\" \"Simone, it's alright. Really.\" Jeanie steps forward and becomes frightenly serious. \"Where's my brother?\" Simone looks at Jeanie then at Agent One then back at Jeanie. \"I got a call from the V.P. about an hour ago and...\" Right next door to the President's Secretary's Office is the Oval Office. Simone's muffled voice can be heard from the other room; she's spilling her guts to Jeanie and Agent One. \"Thank-you, Simone,\" Jeanie says, with a tender smile. \"No problem whatsoever,\" Simone says bubbly. Jeanie and Agent One exit Simone's office and head down the short hallway passed the Roosevelt Room. Jeanie reaches into her pocket and retrieves her cell phone. She quickly dials a number. \"Who are you calling?\" Agent One asks. \"I'm calling in the troops.\" Jeanie pauses as she waits for the party on the other end answer. \"Jack? It's Jeanie. He's on his way here now. How soon can you get here?\" She pauses for Jack's answer. \"I know I have the news van. I don't care how you get here. Take a taxi! Just get here!\" Jeanie hangs up her cell phone. \"Now what do we do?\" Agent One asks. \"We wait...\" The gas station and convenience store sits just off of Rhode Island Avenue. Cameron heads to the side of the building and disappears inside of the men's restroom. The station attendant is also the owner of the gas station and convenience store. To cut down on labor costs, he is the only employee manning the pumps as well as the counter inside. Ferris and Sloane remain seated in the backseat of Cameron's Hummer. With the rear windows rolled down, the attendant catches a glimpse of them. \"Hello? Hello, can you hear me?\" Ferris asks, pressing his ear to Sloane's stomach. \"If you can hear me, just kick. Go ahead, kick.\" Sloane runs her fingers through Ferris' hair as he continues to listen for any signs of life inside of her stomach. The attendant steps over the fueling hose filling the Hummer and makes his way toward the front. With a squeegee in hand, the familiar looking attendant begins to clean the front windshield. Cameron exits the men's restroom and strolls over toward his Hummer. He gives his vehicle a look over before making his way toward the front passenger's door. The attendant has finished cleaning the front windshield and makes his way toward the fueling hose and pump. He secures the gas cap and returns the pump to its cradle. Seeing the total amount, $82.15, Cameron reaches for his wallet and pulls out a one hundred dollar bill. He hands it to the attendant then turns. \"I'll write it off as a business expense.\" \"Keep the change,\" Cameron says, to the attendant. \"Thank-you. You're a very generous individual. Come back anytime,\" the attendant and business owner says. Rhode Island Avenue appears to be blocked by a detour of sorts. Logan Circle is a historical monument with several streets and avenues leading into it. A statue of John A. Logan rests in the direct center of the park-like area. Cameron stops at the crosswalk of the circular intersection and takes a right. He continues along the curved street planning on catching the far side of the continuation of Rhode Island Avenue. Suddenly making its way onto Logan Circle is a Toyota Prius, an Uber. The driver of the Prius literally cuts Hummer off. Cameron will have to complete the entire loop and attempt to get back on Rhode Island Avenue again. Cameron turns and scowls at the Uber's driver. He's snarls back, not giving way to the larger vehicle. Due to increasing traffic, the Prius is also forced to complete the entire loop. Cameron looks into the backseat of the Prius; it's Presidential Hopeful Jack Taylor. Jack turns and looks at the Hummer's driver. He is in different social circles from the OB/GYN doctor and doesn't know him. Just the same, Cameron and Jack scowl at each other. They both appear to be heading in the same direction. In opposite directions, Ferris and Sloane lay in the backseat of the Hummer. From the backseat of the Prius Uber, Jack sees a Hummer's empty backseat. \"Ferris, what are you doing?\" Cameron asks, looking into the front windshield's rearview mirror. \"It's Jack.\" \"So? I thought you weren't afraid of that guy.\" \"I'm not. I just don't want him to know where we're going.\" Cameron and Jack glare at each other again. For Jack, there's something familiar about the man in the Hummer. \"I think you're a little late for that, Ferris,\" Cameron says. Jack is increasingly curious. It appears that the driver of the Hummer is speaking to someone. Cameron nods and attempts his best smile. He motions to his empty cell phone cradle on his dashboard, pretending to talk to it. The Hummer and the Prius and nearly completed the entire loop. The Hummer attempts to veer off in the right lane to catch the next street. The Prius follows suit. The Prius takes a sharp right, leading down P Street. The Hummer continues forward until turning right, catching the continuation of Rhode Island Avenue. The street and the avenue are diagonally parallel, heading off in slightly different directions. Each of the vehicles will have to compensate soon; soon to reach their common destination. Cameron drives his Hummer along 15th Street, now it's just a straight shot to Pennsylvania Avenue. The soft-top is in place with the windows rolled up. Cameron looks into his windshield's rearview mirror. Ferris and Sloane sit in the middle backseat of the Hummer, cuddling and almost pawing at each other. \"Mr. Bueller,\" Sloane says. \"Mrs. Bueller,\" Ferris says, as he tenderly places his hand on Sloane's stomach. \"Baby Bueller.\" Cameron shifts his eyes from Ferris and Sloane in the backseat to directly into the rearview mirror. \"Does that just make you wanna puke or what?\" Cameron continues to drive along the street passing by several clusters of official looking buildings and small grassy parks. Ferris kisses Sloane on the cheek. \"It really doesn't bother me too much if Cam has seen Sloane's... I don't want anybody to see Sloane's... But if someone has to it might as well be Cam. \" Ferris moves his fingers in a probing manner. \"By the way, it wouldn't have bothered me if Cam gave me mouth-to-mouth, not in a weird way. It would be like kissing your brother. Who wants to do that?\" Ferris pauses. \"Well, besides you?\" \"It's getting late, Ferris,\" Cameron says.\"Want do you want to do?\" \"You're asking me, Cam?\" \"Well, yeah. It's too late to go back to work. I can't go home. I'm pretty much screwed all the way around.\" \"Alright, Cam. Let's swing by the house. We have to pick up something.\" \"Then what?\" \"There's one more thing I have planned today.\" Ferris smiles. ~ 11 ~ \"What are we doing here, Ferris?\" Cameron asks, as he pulls in through the valet parking of the Hotel Washington. \"A pit stop, Cam,\" Ferris says, from the backseat. In colonial-style costumes, a pair of valet attendants opens the doors of Cameron's Hummer. Ferris and Sloane step out from the back as Cameron exits his Hummer from behind the wheel. One of the attendants seems to recognize the President. Ferris smiles at him. \"Don't park it too far, we won't be long.\" The valet attendant looks at the President, then at the First Lady, then at Cameron; the third party. He thinks to himself, \"We don't rent rooms by the hour. But then again, it is the President.\" \"Sir,\" the attendant says. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron enter the lobby of the Hotel Washington. They are barely noticed as they make their way toward the restrooms down the hall. Ferris takes Sloane by the hand. He looks around to see if anyone is watching; no one is. Ferris pulls Sloane into the men's restroom with Cameron nervously following behind. Ferris nearly drags Sloane into the last stall of the men's restroom. Cameron awkwardly stands at the opened stall door. \"Get it here,\" Ferris commands. Cameron reluctantly enters the stall. Ferris locks the stall door, turns and kneels over the toilet. Sloane and Cameron oddly look at each other. Ferris runs his fingers along the bottom row of tile along the wall below the toilet. He looks up and smiles. \"Benjamin Gates taught me this.\" Ferris finds what he is looking for; a secret button. He presses the square tile. The wall of the last stall of the men's restroom opens and reveals a hidden tunnel. Ferris takes Sloane by the hand and leads her inside. Cameron reluctantly follows. From inside of the tunnel, Ferris reaches up and closes the hidden door. Shadows and darkness fill the tunnel. \"Hey, Ferris?\" \"Yeah, Cam?\" \"Is this how Marilyn got in?\" \"Yeah, Cam. This is how Marilyn got in.\" \"No, I don't have an appointment,\" Jack barks at the agent manning the Northwest Appointment Gate. \"Tell the agent in charge that Jack Taylor is here to see him on his request.\" \"You know the agent in charge?\" \"Yes.\" \"That's funny. He's never mentioned you.\" Jack curiously looks at him. \"We have poker nights on Thursday.\" With that, the guard shack's phone rings. The uniformed agent turns and steps into the guard shack. He answers the telephone, still looking at Jack in the backseat of the Prius Uber. The driver is becoming more uneasy. The agent looks up to the second floor of the backside of the West Wing. Standing in the window, Agent One holds his cell phone to his ear. Jeanie stands next to him. \"We're expecting him,\" Agent One says. \"Yes, Sir.\" The agent presses the release button as the gates open. The Uber driver shakes as he drives his Prius passed the guard shack and onto the Presidential property; in the distance is the White House. The driver has never been here before. Jeanie and Agent One stand in the center of the Central Hall of the residence wing of the White House. From this vantage point, they can see all doorways leading into and out of the various rooms of the residence; so they think. The walled bookshelf of the Lincoln Sitting Room opens. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron step out from the hidden elevator. Ferris turns and closes the secret door, returning the walled bookshelf to its proper position. Ferris leads Sloane and Cameron out of the Lincoln Sitting Room out into the East Sitting Hall. Ferris peers around the corner and sees Jeanie and Agent One standing in the Center Hall. Jeanie turns to catch a glimpse of Ferris, Sloane and Cameron dashing across the floor. They disappear from sight. Jeanie pulls at Agent One's sleeve and runs down the hall after Ferris. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron run through the Queen's Sitting Room then enter the Queen's Bedroom. Moments later, Jeanie and Agent One enter the Queen's Sitting Room; there is no trace of Ferris. The Keystone Cop chase begins. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron run through the Stair Landing as Jeanie and Agent One exit the Queen's Bedroom- Jeanie and Agent One run through the Stair Landing as Ferris, Sloane and Cameron run across the floor of the Treaty Room- Ferris, Sloane and Cameron quickly enter the Yellow Oval Room from a side door and head directly toward the central door leading back out into the hall- Jeanie and Agent One enter the Yellow Oval Room from the side door- Ferris, Sloane and Cameron dash across the Central Hall and enter the West Room- Jeanie and Agent One exit the Yellow Oval Room and make their way back into the Central Hall. Looking around, Jeanie sees only a few remaining doors and rooms Ferris can be hiding in. Jeanie and Agent One duck back into the Yellow Oval Room- From the cracked open door of the President's Dining Room, Ferris peers out into the West Sitting Hall. The coast is clear- Ferris, Sloane and Cameron dart across the West Sitting Hall and enter a door at the far end- Jeanie and Agent One tip-toe their way through the Private Sitting room just off of the Yellow Oval Room. They approach the closed door on the far side of the room and quietly open it- Ferris, Sloane and Cameron make their way through a short hallway and enter the President's Dressing Room. They enter the dressing room from the far side. They disappear for just a moment- Like Superman changing in a telephone booth, Ferris, Sloane and Cameron reappears from the nearside of the President's Dressing room- Cameron has changed into a suit and necktie- Sloane wears a black cocktail dress. Not completely formal but formal enough- Ferris has changed into a white tuxedo shirt with black buttons, a black bowtie, tuxedo pants and matching jacket- Ferris leads Sloane and Cameron through the short hall and approach the side door of the President's Bedroom. Ferris turns the door knob and enters the room- \"Ferris,\" Jeanie softly says, from around the corner. \"President Bueller,\" Agent One says, standing next to Jeanie. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron enter the President's Bedroom from the side door. Jeanie and Agent One spring out from around the corner. \"Ah-ha!\" Jeanie exclaims. Ferris is busted. He exchanges defeated looks with Sloane and Cameron. \"It was fun while it lasted,\" Cameron says. Agent One steps forward and approaches the President. \"Come with me, Sir,\" Agent One says, nearly ordering the President around. Agent One turns and heads toward the main door leading out into the West Sitting Hall. Hand in hand, Ferris and Sloane follow Agent One with Cameron and then Jeanie bringing up the rear. Agent One leads them through the Central Hall, through the Stair Landing then down the Grand Stairs. The elevator door remains closed. From inside, the elevator continues its descent. It slows then settles followed by a moment of silence. The elevator door open. Agent One is the first one out. He steps to the side and stands there as President Bueller exits the elevator and steps inside of the Rec Room. Sloane, Cameron and Jeanie take a step forward to exit the elevator. Agent One steps forward and motions his hand out in front of them. The President will have to face his nemesis on his own. Ferris calmly walks across the floor and approaches the couch along the far side of the room. He sees the back of the head of a familiar silhouette. The man's head turns. \"Jack,\" Ferris says. \"Ferris,\" the Presidential hopeful replies. Jack stands from the couch, makes his way around then stands toe-to-toe with Ferris. \"I got you,\" Jack says, with an evil tone. \"You got nothin' \" Ferris replies. \"The whole country knows you've been goofing off today when you should've been serving your country.\" \"But I have been serving my country,\" Ferris replies. \"I've been showing them what's important in life. Not just for me but for them. Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.\" \"You can spin this any way you want to. You're lucky you got the votes you're going to get. I'm up by nine points.\" \"The day's not over yet. The poles are open for a few more hours.\" \"Face it, Mr. President. You're time has come,\" Jack says. His tone drastically changes as he says in his best Riff Raff impersonation, \"Say goodbye to all this... and hello... to oblivion.\" \"Then I guess there's only one way to solve this,\" Ferris says, then pauses. \"Rack 'em!\" Ferris and Jack smirk at each other as they each turn and make their way over to the billiard table. Stepping out and away from the elevator, Sloane and Cameron then Agent One and Jeanie enter the Rec Room. They appear to have chosen sides; Sloane and Cameron stand off and behind Ferris as Jeanie and Agent One stand off and behind Jack. Agent One casually watches as Jack racks the billiard balls on the table; standard 8-ball. He turns and approaches the elaborate audio system along the wall and flicks the on switch. Familiar, however not loud music begins to play and fill the Rec Room. Agent One then approaches the side of the billiard table. He reaches into his pants pocket and removes a President Russell P. Kramer one dollar coin. \"Call it,\" Agent One says, as he flips the coin into the air. \"Kramer,\" Ferris says. The coin drops onto the billiard table; Kramer it is. Ferris takes his custom cue in hand, rounds the end of the table and lines up his shot to break. \"Jack's not like Jean-Luc. I can't coddle him. Jack really knows how to play.\" Ferris smiles. \"But then again. Have you ever seen Paul Newman in The Hustler?\" Ferris breaks, two solids are sunk as the remaining balls scatter across the table. Ferris takes another shot and sinks another. He rounds the table to line up another shot. He shoots. The ball just bounces off the corner of the pocket. In the background, the audio system continues to play. The ongoing song fades followed by a moment of silence. The introduction of Warren Zevon's, Werewolves of London , begins. Jack walks around the billiard table and lines up his shot. He sinks his stripped ball; then another, then another. Jack lines up another stripped ball and shoots. It bounces off the rail and misses the pocket. It's Ferris' turn. Ferris lines up his shot and shoots. He sinks another of his solids. He rounds the table and shoots again. This time he misses. Jack surveys the table. He's going to have to make up some ground. Jack lines up his shot. He sinks another of his stripped balls and lines up his next, then his next. He and Ferris are now even. Jack lines up his shot, this time he misses. Ferris rounds the side of the table and lines up his shot. Feeling quit confident, he shoots with one hand. He sinks his solid. The music continues to play. Ferris shuffles around the table, in time with the music. He leans over and lines up another shot. He sinks it. Ferris spins his billiard cue as if it were a martial art bo-staff as he makes his way around the table. Ah, ooh, Werewolves of London. I saw a werewolf drinking a Pina Colada at Trader Vic's. Ferris leans over and lines up his shot. He sinks another one of his solids. And his hair was perfect. Remaining on the billiard table is the 8-ball and one stripped ball. Ferris makes his way around the table and lines up his shot and shoots. Ferris smiles. The elevator door hums to a stop then opens. Agent One turns to see one of his junior agents entering the Rec Room. \"Mr. President,\" he nervously says. \"They're ready for you.\" Ferris and Jack stand facing each other. The billiard table is just out of view. Did Ferris sink the 8-ball? Does Jack have two more shots? Ferris turns. \"\"Fatti maschii parole femine\". Strong deeds. Gentle words. Maryland's motto. I like it. I never really cared for Washington's motto. \"Eh too, eh Brut'e.\"\" The main rotor and tail rotor of Marine One continues the whirl around. The Presidential helicopter rests on the South Lawn of the White House, waiting for the President. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron exit the White House. Agent One leads them across the South Lawn as the pilot of the helicopter opens the side door and lowers the steps. Agent One remains standing on the lawn as Ferris, Sloane and Cameron make their way up the steps. Sloane and Cameron are the first ones in. At the top landing, just about to enter Marine One, Ferris turns and shouts at Jeanie and Jack. \"C'mon, guys! Wanna go for a ride?\" Jeanie and Jack dart across the South Lawn, tramp up the lowered steps and climb inside Marine One. The lowered steps and door closes behind them. Jeanie and Jack find their seats across from Ferris, Sloane and Cameron. Just as Marine One powers up and lifts off, Ferris grins and nods at Agent One. Agent One picks up the phone and dials the pilot in the cockpit. \"Yeah, the President wants to, do the thing...\" Ferris smiles. \"What? I told you President James Sawyer and I was friends. Remember? Golf on Thursday...\" ~ 12 ~ Marine One hovers for a moment before setting down on the closed off intersection of Independence Avenue Southeast, Pennsylvania Avenue Southeast and 2nd Street Southeast. All traffic has been blocked off. Running the length of Pennsylvania Avenue are countless floats, marching bands, activist groups, Veterans, law enforcement, firefighters, fire engines and every other group you could imagine to occupy a historical parade. Other groups of ground teams cling onto their tethers as their balloons fly above them. A few of the floating balloons are Charlie Brown, Spiderman, Sponge Bob, Shrek, Barney the Dinosaur, Pikachu and Kermit the Frog. Independence Avenue is lined on opposite sides of the sidewalks with thousands of people awaiting the parade. A staging area has been set up on a small section of grass just outside the Library of Congress off of Independence Avenue. Deek has his shoulder camera in place, shooting the live feed back to S-M-N-B-C studios. The side door of Marine One opens and lowers. President Ferris Bueller, the First Lady, Agent One, Jeanie Volbeck, Presidential Hopeful Jack Taylor and some other guy departs the Presidential helicopter. Ferris waves to the assembled people waiting for the parade to commence as he takes Sloane by the hand. He leads the group over toward the staging area where the Vice President appears from the crowds. The President and Vice President shake hands. \"Thanks, Dave,\" Ferris says. \"It was my pleasure, Mr. President,\" the Vice President replies, as he takes his place at Ferris' side. Vice President Dave Kovic motions to the staging area. His wife, Ellen Kovic, formerly First Lady Ellen Mitchell, approaches her husband and takes his hand. The first float of the parade moves into position. Ferris and Sloane are escorted to the float by Agent One. They step up onto the float, turn and face Independence Avenue. \"Jack Taylor has a convention center with an army of volunteers. I have a parade!\" The backdrop of the Presidential float is a representation of Mount Rushmore, of sorts. President Bueller as President Washington, President Douglas as President Jefferson, President Kramer as President Roosevelt and President Sawyer as President Lincoln. Standing in the middle of the Presidential float are a half dozen ladies dressed in Colonial era corsets and petticoats. Attractive yet Presidential approved for all audiences. Ferris and Sloane are handed their microphones. They look lovingly at each other as the Presidential float begins to move forward. The rest of the parade follows suit and follows behind east to west. Several agents walk along the float for Presidential protection. From the staging area, T. Jay Roxx cues up the music. Ferris smiles and then... Now I've had the time of my life, No, I never felt like this before. Remaining on the sidewalk of Independence Avenue standing next to Agent One, Jeanie crosses and folds her arms. Jeanie scowls. \"Really?\" Yes I swear it's the truth, And I owe it all to you. Sloane accompanies Ferris. 'Cause I've had the time of my life, And I owe it all to you... I've been waiting for so long, Now I've finally found someone to stand by me. The Presidential float and following parade passes by the Cannon House Office Building. We saw the writing on the wall, And we felt this magical fantasy. Ferris and Sloane sing a duet together. Now with passion in our eyes, There's no way we could disguise it secretly. So we take each other's hand, 'Cause we seem to understand the urgency. Agent One leads Jeanie, Cameron and Jack along side of the Presidential float. They walk along as a side attraction. They smile and wave at the crowds lining the sidewalks as if they actually belong in the parade. Just remember. You're the one thing. I can't get enough of. The Presidential float and following parade passes by the Longworth House Office Building. So I'll tell you something. This could be love. Because, I've had the time of my life, No, I never felt this way before. Yes, I swear it's the truth, And I owe it all to you... Hey, Baby. The Presidential float and following parade passes by the Botanic Garden Bartholdi Park and United States Botanic Garden on the opposite side of Independence Avenue. With my body and soul, I want you more than you'll ever know. So we'll just let it go, Don't be afraid to lose control, no. Yes, I know what's on your mind when you say, \"Stay with me tonight\". Stay with me, And remember. You're the one thing. I can't get enough of. So I'll tell you something. This could be love. Because I've had the time of my life, No, I never felt this way before. Yes I swear it's the truth, And I owe it all to you. 'Cause I've had the time of my life, And I've searched through every open door. Yes I swear it's the truth, And I owe it all to you... With the National Museum of the American Indian on one side of Independence Avenue and the Voice of America Building on the opposite side, the Presidential float pauses a moment. The lyrics fade giving way to a musical interlude and a saxophone solo. Ferris takes Sloane hand and wraps his other arm around her waist. The President and the First Lady dance to the musical interlude atop the float. Along the side of the float, Jeanie glances at Agent One. He smiles. Garth takes his wife by the hand and wraps his other arm around her waist. Jeanie and her husband begin dancing along to the saxophone solo. He spins her around. Jeanie looks up at her brother atop the Presidential float. The S-M-N-B-C news anchor-report and the President of the United States smile at each other. Ferris releases Sloane as they turn toward the front of the float and take their microphones in hand. Now I've had the time of my life, No, I never felt this way before. Never felt this way. Yes I swear it's the truth, And I owe it all to you. The Presidential float and the following parade resume motion down Independence Avenue. I've had the time of my life, No, I never felt this way before. Yes I swear it's the truth, And I owe it all to you. 'Cause I've had the time of my life, And I've searched through every open door. Till I found the truth, And I owe it all to you... The Presidential float and parade pauses. The sidewalks lining Independence Avenue erupt with cheers and applause. Ferris and Sloane smile and wave at the crowds. The President and First Lady look lovingly at each other. Jeanie and Agent One take each other by the hand. Cameron and Jack awkwardly glance in each other's direction. \"Cam!\" a voice calls out from the crowds. \"Cameron Frye!\" Cameron searches the ocean of faces for the voice. He scans the crowds until seeing a familiar face. It is the warm face of his wife Dotty. She bolts her way through the crowds until stepping off of the sidewalk onto Independence Avenue. She is stopped by a pair of agents walking along the Presidential float. \"Wait, she's with me!\" Cameron declares. Agent One intervenes. \"It's alright. Let her through,\" he says, in a commanding voice. Dotty makes her way into Cameron's arms. She kisses him on the cheek. \"How come we never take a day off like this, Cam?\" she asks. \"Maybe we will,\" Cameron says, with a smirk. A vibrating sensation catches the attention of Agent One. He reaches into his jacket pocket and retrieves his cell phone; it's ringing. Agent One answers his phone. \"Yes?\" Agent One pauses. \"I understand. Thank-you, Simone.\" Agent slides his cell phone back inside of his jacket. He approaches the side of the Presidential float and motions toward the President. Ferris steps to the edge of the float and leans forward to Agent One. \"Yes, Garth?\" \"Ferris, the results are in...\" ~ 13 ~ The Presidential float and the entire parade have stopped. Agent One steps away from Ferris. There is an odd look upon his face. Agent One returns to Jeanie's side. He takes her by the hand. A hush falls across Independence Avenue. Cameron and Dotty look at each other then up at Ferris and Sloane remaining on the float. Ferris turns and looks at the half a dozen Colonial dancers standing quietly along the middle of the float. The President turns and gazes out at the faces of the crowd, waiting for him to say something. Ferris turns and looks at Jack standing next to Jeanie and Agent One along Independence Avenue. Ferris motions Jack up onto the float. Standing side by side, Ferris whispers into Jack's ear. At first, Jack smiles, even grinning. Then Jack's expression becomes less cheerful. He leans in and whispers something back in the Ferris' ear. Each man takes the other by the hand and raises them up into the air; a triumphant gesture. However, who's raising whose hand? Both Ferris and Jack turn and motions for the group to accompany them up on the Presidential float. Jeanie and Agent One, Garth. Cameron and Dotty. Deek lowers his shoulder camera and joins them up on the Presidential float. Simultaneously, Ferris and Jack step toward the forefront of the float. They look at each other for a long moment. Ferris turns and smiles. Jack slightly steps backward. He humbly concedes. Jack and Sloane join Jeanie, Agent One, Cameron, Dotty and Deek; they soon accompany the reelected President of the United States. President Ferris Bueller takes his microphone in hand and places it into the stand in front of him. The Presidential float and parade begins to move forward. W-e-e-e-e-e-l-l-l-l-l-l... I f-e-e-e-e-e-l-l-l-l a-a-a-l-l-l-r-i-i-i-ght. Ferris turns and smiles. You know you make me wanna- Shout! Kick my heels up and- Shout! Throw my hands up and- Shout! Throw my head back and- Shout! C'mon now- Shout! Don't forget to say you will, Don't forget to say, yay, yay, yay, yay, yeah- Say you will- Say it right now, baby- Say you will- C'mon, c'mon- Say you will- Say that a you-u-u-u- Say you will- C'mon, c'mon- The Presidential float and parade pass by the National Air and Space Museum. Pairs of police officers, construction workers and parade spectators begin to say along with the song. Say! Say that you love me- Say! Say that you need me- Say! Say that you want me- Say! You wanna please me- Say! C'mon now- Say! C'mon now- Say! C'mon now- Say! The Presidential float and parade pass by the Hirshhorn Museum. Sloane and the rest of the Group begin footsteps and hand movements like the Temptations on stage doing a dance routine. I still remember- Shooby doo wop do wop wop wop- When you used to be nine years old, yeah, yeah- Shooby doo wop do wop- I was a fool for you- Shooby doo wop do wop wop wop- From the bottom of my soul, yeah, yeah- Shooby doo wop do wop- And now that you've grown up, yeah- Shooby doo wop do wop wop wop- And old enough to know yeah, yeah- Shooby doo wop do wop- You wanna to leave me- Shooby doo wop do wop wop wop- You wanna to let me go- Shooby doo wop do wop! The Presidential float and parade pass by the Arts and Industries Building. Ferris takes the microphone, turns and approaches Sloane. He sings to her and not to the crowds. There is a pause in the President's voice as the tempo changes; down and dirty now. I want you to know, I said I want you to know right now, hey. You've been good to me baby, Better than I've been to myself, hey, hey. And if you ever leave me, I don't want nobody else hey, hey. I said I want you to know, hey, I said I want you to know right now. Ferris quickly returns to the forefront of the Presidential float, places the microphone back into the stand and resumes singing to the crowds lining Independence Avenue. The float and parade continues to move forward. Ferris continues to sing the lead with the Group and parade spectators continuing to shout. Cameron joins in with the third part. You know you make me wanna- Shout! OOoooooo- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah- Shout! OOoooooo- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah- Shout! OOoooooo- Alright- Shout! OOoooooo- Alright- Shout! OOoooooo- C'mon now- Shout! OOoooooo- C'mon now- Shout! OOoooooo- Yeah, yeah- Shout! OOoooooo- Oh all right- Shout! OOoooooo- Oh all right- Shout! OOoooooo- Yeah, yeah, yeah- Ferris pauses a moment as the Presidential float passes by the Freer Gallery of Art. Ferris continues the lead vocals as Agent One slightly steps forward and adds his part, not wanting to be left out of the song. Now wa-a-a-a-i-t a minute. Yeah-yeah yeah-yeah. I f-e-e-e-e-e-l-l-l-l a-a-a-l-l-l-r-i-i-i-ght. Yeah-yeah yeah-yeah. Now that I've got my woman. Yeah-yeah yeah-yeah. I f-e-e-e-e-e-l-l-l-l a-a-a-l-l-l-r-i-i-i-ght. Yeah-yeah yeah-yeah. You been so good to me. You been so good to me. Ferris pauses a moment then resumes with the up tempo. The parade goers and crowds are fully into it now; shouting and hopping in the air. You know you make me wanna- Shout! OOoooooo- Lift my hands up and- Shout! OOoooooo- Throw my hands back and- Shout! OOoooooo- C'mon now- Shout! OOoooooo- C'mon now- Shout! OOoooooo- C'mon now- Shout! OOoooooo- C'mon now- Shout! OOoooooo- Take it easy- Shout! OOoooooo- Take it easy- Shout! OOoooooo- Take it easy- Shout! OOoooooo- Take it easy- Shout! In the tradition of, Animal House, Ferris begins to sing softer and lower himself closer to the Presidential float. Soon he is completely crouched down. The Group, Colonial dancers and the swarms of spectators lining Independence Avenue, participants in the parade, the various marching bands and floats follow suit. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. A little bit softer now- Shout. From his crouching position, Ferris begins to rise up and slowly sings louder. The Group, Colonial dancers and the swarms of spectators lining Independence Avenue, participants in the parade, the various marching bands and floats begin rising up as well. A little bit louder now- Shout! OOoooooo- A little bit louder now- Shout! OOoooooo- A little bit louder now- Shout! OOoooooo- A little bit louder now- Shout! OOoooooo- A little bit louder now- Shout! OOoooooo- A little bit louder now- Shout! OOoooooo- A little bit louder now- Shout! OOoooooo- A little bit louder now- Ferris takes the microphone from the stand. He sings first then thrusts the microphone into the air allowing the spectators and crowds lining Independence Avenue to respond. Ferris moves the microphone back and forth. Hey ey, hey ya- Hey ey, hey ya- Hey ey, hey ya- Hey ey, hey ya- Hey ey, hey ya- Hey ey, hey ya- A little bit louder now- Shout! OOoooooo- A little bit louder now- Shout! OOoooooo- Jump up and shout it now- Shout! Jump up and shout it now- Shout! Jump up and shout it now- Shout! Shout! The Presidential float and parade stops along Independence Avenue. To one side of the street is the smaller and older United States Department of Agriculture Building. The other side of the street is the more modern and larger United States Department of Agriculture complex. Cannons fire launching confetti into the air. Streamers fly. Thunderous applause and cheers erupt from the crowds lining Independence Avenue. Standing at the forefront of the Presidential float, Ferris smiles and waves at the crowds. Sloane approaches him and stands to one side. Cameron shuffles toward the President and stands on his other side. Ferris, Sloane and Cameron wave to the crowds. It has been a wonderful day off... Marine One rests quietly on the South Lawn of the White House. The setting sun touches the horizon creating soft shadows across the Presidential residence. Reelected President Ferris Bueller enters the Oval Office through one of the many side doors. He strolls across the floor, taking note of the furnishings and surroundings he will be occupying for another four years. Ferris approaches the picture windows behind his desk. He looks out upon the White House grounds; it's a peaceful evening. Ferris turns and finds his seat behind his desk. He props up his feet onto the desk, leans back and clasps his fingers behind his head. Ferris turns and smiles. \"Yep, I've said it before and I'll say it again. Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it...\" In the tradition of the original, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, the ending credits roll to the right of the screen and images continue along the left of the screen. A defeated Principal Ed Rooney reluctantly gets on a school bus and shares a gummy bear with a little girl. That being said... The primary setting is the Oval Office of the White House. The Presidential desk and all of the furnishings have been removed. The drum set stands where the Presidential desk had been. The lead singer, reelected President Ferris Bueller, stands in the forefront, still wearing his bowtie and tuxedo, with the rest of the band members fanned out behind him in a Robert Palmer, Addicted to Love , MTV music video appearance. All the band members wear black suits, black ties and white shirts, identical to Agent One's attire. To Ferris' right and slightly behind is Sloane on guitar. Slightly to Sloane's right and behind is Jeanie on keyboards. Directly behind Ferris is Jack Taylor on drums. To Ferris' left and slightly behind is Cameron on guitar. Slightly to Cameron's left and slightly behind is Agent One on bass guitar. Throughout the ending credits, we'll cut away to various locations where Ferris had been throughout his day off; a retrospective of his adventure. Then cut back to the Oval Office. You've watched movie ending credits before, you'll get it. let the ending credits roll... Peter Gabriel's, Big Time Oval Office; Hi there! I'm on my way, I'm making it. I've got to make it show, yeah. So much larger than life. I'm going to watch it growing. Water Park; AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. The White House from the North Lawn; The place where I come from, is a small town. They think so small, They use small words. But not me, I'm smarter than that. I worked it out. Presidential Yacht, Sloane One, on the Chesapeake Bay; I've been stretching my mouth, To let those big words come right out. I've had enough, I'm getting out, To the city, the big, big city. President Ferris Bueller behind the podium of the Chamber of the House of Representatives addressing congress; I'll be a big noise with all the big boys, There's so much stuff I will own. Reflecting Pool; And I will pray to a big god, As I kneel in the big church. Big time- I'm on my way-I'm making it. Big time... Camp David; Big time- I've got to make it show, yeah. Big time... Marine One in flight; Big time- So much larger than life. Big time- I'm going to watch it growing. Big time- Washington Monument; Ohohohohohohohohoho Oval Office; My parties all have the big names, And I greet them with the widest smile. Tell them how my life is one big adventure, And always they're amazed. The White House; When I show them 'round my house, to my bed, I had it made like a mountain range. Presidential Bedroom; With a snow-white pillow for my big fat head. And my heaven will be a big heaven, And I will walk through the front door. The National Zoo; Big time- I'm on my way-I'm making it. Big time... Miniature Golf Course; Big time- I've got to make it show, yeah. Big time... K-W-L-F Radio Station; Big time- So much larger than life. Big time- I'm going to watch it growing. Big time... The Presidential limousine, the Beast, in motion; Big time- My car is getting bigger. Big time- The White House from the South Lawn; My house is getting bigger. Big time- Marine One in flight; My eyes are getting bigger. Big time- The Presidential parade float; And my mo-o-o-o-u-u-u-th. Big time- The Mouse House pizza parlor; My belly is getting bigger. Big time- The White House; And my bank account. Big time- The Oval Office; Look at my circumstance. Big time- And the bulge in my big, big, big, big, big, big, big... Cameron, Jeanie and Deek stand across the hall of the pediatric wing of the prestigious hospital. Agent One stands facing them, manning his watchful post at the doorway of the Presidential hospital room. A painful scream echoes out into the hallway from inside of the room. A trio of nurses hovers around the enclosed changing table attending to the first-to-arrive newborn. The First Baby has already been cleaned, diapered, dressed in a onesy, cap and wrapped in a traditional hospital baby blanket. Sloane lays propped up on her hospital bed. Her knees are bent and she is positioned to give birth, again; twin Buellers. The delivery doctor is in position awaiting the crown on the second baby's head. Ferris stands at her side, dressed in a hospital gown and foot coverings. Sloane nearly crushes Ferris' hand as she experiences a contraction. Sloane turns. \"You're still here!?\" ...another contraction. \"It's over!\" ...another contraction. \"Go home!\" ...another contraction. \"Go!\" ","Summary":" President Bueller's Day Off Based On Characters By John Hughes Novella By Judson Lovell Lizard King"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Fry Cooks on Venus, and other Career Paths","Author":"Nyte Quill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9084417","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cameron spent 2 weeks in the hospital after his dad came home and saw the car. His parents got a divorce, and his mom tried to move them both to Decatur. She didn't realize he'd been released with a few fractures and an actual spine. He said no, and attended graduation with only a slight limp; Sloane came over and covered the bruises with foundation and gave him a real kiss, with tongue, for luck. They shared two dances before Ferris whisked her away, and Cameron spent a year at a monastery in Tibet before he came back to the states and picked a college with a good program that looked interesting. He ran 3 miles every day and kept up with his martial arts. He had his pick of girlfriends, and didn't let anybody walk all over him anymore. One day, he decided to take a course in creative writing. It changed his life. The Bueller parents waited until their children were gone before taking a 3 week long second honeymoon, and coming back to make love in every room in the house. They took salsa lessons twice a week until Mr. B twisted his ankle, and then started this new yoga trend after he healed. They've never been happier. Mr. Rooney had a nervous breakdown and spent 3 weeks having electroshock therapy. Grace came to visit him every day, and brought him bags of warm gummy bears and clean underwear. The school hired a new principal from Eastern Ukraine who turned the school into a slight police state, and Mr. Rooney became a guidance and career counselor. He and Grace got married, and she never even seemed to mind that the hair on his balls never grew back. Jeannie grew up and married the pillhead from the police station. He had changed her outlook that day, and in return she got him into rehab. They moved to college together, where she majored in fashion design and he majored in business and lectured at rehab clinics on the weekends. They got a business loan from Jeannie's dad and started a design house in Miami. They were eventually absorbed by Versace, and spent the rest of their lives traveling the world as motivational speakers, telling kids to stay off drugs and look for the Ferris in their life. In spite of his grades, Ferris was voted valedictorian by write-in ballot. He completely improvised a speech that lasted 2 hours and got a standing ovation, then disappeared with Sloane and resurfaced six days later in New York. He found work as a frycook and bike messenger for 3 weeks until he got bored, then used his knowledge of computers to play the stock market. He 'Ferris'ed his way into an interview with the head of an investment firm, and became the youngest stockbroker at Goldman Sachs. Within 4 months, he has a corner office, an expense account, and a girlfriend whose name no one can pronounce; he just calls her Binky. He has a string of successful investments and speaking engagements and love affairs. He buys a small bistro in the meatpacking district, and spends his weekends making Eggs Benedict and spinach omelets for fellow yuppies; it keeps him relaxed. Sloane graduated a year after the boys, and spent her senior year as Jeannie's mentor and the most popular girl on campus. She spent 3 years as a lingerie model before she was pushed off a catwalk in Milan and got a scar on her calf. She moved back to the states and went to college, where she and Cameron reconnected after meeting up in an advanced creative writing course. They've kept in touch since he graduated, and stayed friends, even though Ferris never married her like he said he would. Sloane was still sure he would've, but way deep down, she just wasn't in love with him that way. They'd lost their virginity to each other the night before graduation, because she'd wanted to, and she loved him, and he trusted her so implicitly. It had not been what they'd expected from movies and television, but it had been a special evening and a good memory to treasure. She and Cameron had a different relationship, more realistic and grounded than her high school love. He asked her out after only 3 weeks, and they stayed together through graduation, where he proposed in his valedictory speech. They lived in the city for a few years while Cameron set up his business, then bought a house in the country. They're very happy and have twin boys named Jake and Will because Sloane read Grimm's Fairy Tales every day during the pregnancy. Cameron keeps an apartment in the city and does consulting work a few days a week and takes the family on cool vacations. Sloane loves him very much, and only has an affair with Ferris once a year. A/N: watching FBDO for the umpteenth time while I'm sick, and this popped up. Because I've always wondered what happened to the gang after the credits rolled. If you liked it... or even if you didn't, feel free to leave a review. Reviews are cool. The Walrus would leave a review. ","Summary":" Cameron spent 2 weeks in the hospital after his dad came home and saw the car. His parents got a di"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"To define is to limit","Author":"Girlove80s","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10086697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ferris Bueller: \"Life moves pretty fast…\" \"High school. How would you define high school? That depends completely on the person who is asked this question. So, come and join me . We're going to walk the streets of Chicago and see what we get.\" \"Excuse me! Can you please answer me a question? What means high school to you?\" Rebel : \" High school is that one obstacle that keeps you from setting the world on fire . Once you graduate, however you just can't see any pleasure in burning the whole world anymore. Its all about those golden years. People tell you how much you're going to miss your high school years. But the truth is none of them really miss school, chemistry and math. They all miss their youth, the parties, the picnics , going to the movies. The youth has nothing to do with classes. Keep in mind, my friend!\" Nerd : \"High school is a great place where you learn everything you have to know about life. You study hard, the only break you take is when you need to breath. You get good grades , you accumulate knowledge , simply it takes only 4 years and you're ready to take the life in your own hands. Once you graduate you realize, not more than like 15% from what you'd learnt in the high school is useful when you find yourself face to face with real world. If someone holds a knife to your throat, its highly unlikely they'll ask you for a math formula in order to let you live.\" Cheerleader :\" Well, ( she smiles and reveals her snow white teeth) . It is fun. Boys loves you , girls envies you, everything is fluffy and pink . But( her smiles fades away) once its over, you realize , I realized how many things you've missed because you never let people get too close to you, for the simple reason you didn't think they were good enough Now you look around and find yourself alone. The people you 'honored ' by offering them your friendship , couldn't care less about you.\" Outcast : \"Weirdo, freak, crazy. I've been given so many names during those 4 years . But know what? I don't care, because now I can deal with life better than each of them ( he points at the rebel, nerd and cheer leader). Their insults always got the worst out of me, and each time I had to make great effort to not jump at their neck and turn their head around. I've learnt what self control is. Because people always say courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. But sometimes it also takes to sit down and listen. Now, thank to them, I know how to do both and more important, when use the first one and when use the second one ..\" \"…if you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it. \"I guess that's all I have to say about high school. \" \"What do you think about high school?\" ","Summary":" Ferris Bueller: \"Life moves pretty fast…\" \"High school. How would you define high school? That d"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Ferris Bueller Takes the Wheel","Author":"the-wondrous-mango","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13102997","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cameron sighed, and leaned back in his chair. He stared down at his desk, and the many pages of notes that lay on it. Just out of the corner of his eye, he could see his alarm clock. It read 1:37 AM . \"Shit.\" He muttered to himself, before reaching for his near-empty coffee mug. Just as he picked it up, the phone on the wall behind him rang. The noise startled him. It's like something out of a bad horror movie , Cameron thought. He stood up and went to answer the phone. \"Yes, hi, this is Abe Froman. I'm calling to let you know that the 35,000 pounds of kielbasa you ordered is ready for pickup.\" the voice on the other end said. \"Ferris, you're an asshole.\" Ferris laughed. \"Ouch. You're hurting my feelings.\" \"Yeah. Why are you calling me this late? Or did you just forget how time zones work?\" \"I didn't forget! I was just busy. Couldn't get around to it until now.\" \"Well, what do you want?\" \"I want you to be my best man.\" Cameron stood silent for a moment, confused. But then he understood. He wants me to help him marry Sloane. \"Ferris, I-when the hell is this happening? Did you propose already?\" Cameron replied, trying to sound as calm as he could. \"Well, no. And it's happening in four days.\" \"Four. Days. And you haven't proposed.\" \"Yeah. Well, technically I haven't proposed since we visited the trading floor.\" \"Okay then. Explain to me how I'm supposed to get across the country and be ready in four days.\" \"I'll take you there!\" \"What the hell do you mean by that?\" \"Look outside, Cameron.\" Cameron nodded to no one, and hung up the phone. He moved warily towards his window, as if a monster would jump out from behind the curtains at any moment. Pulling them back, he looked out. Under the streetlights, Cameron could see his best friend standing in the phone booth on the street below.[Chapter 2] \"FERRIS!!!\" Cameron shouted loud enough to wake the entire building. He sprinted out of his dorm room, down the stairs and out into the parking lot. Ferris had just stepped out of the phone booth when he reached him. \"Cameron, cool it! I could hear you from all the way down here!\" \"You came halfway across the country to pick me up for some new crazy scheme. I'm not gonna cool it,\" Cameron groaned. \"Some of us have stuff to do.\" \"I'm sorry, man.\" Ferris said guiltily. \"You're right, I shouldn't have sprung this on you. It's just...\" he paused for a moment. \"It's just that I didn't want anyone to help me with this but you.\" \"You could've done this sooner. Called me or something.\" Ferris sighed. \"Remember how stuffy and boring our commencement was?\" \"Yeah. What's that got to do with anything?\" \"Here's the plan. Sloane graduates in four days. Commencement is boring as hell. Nobody wants to be there. So we bust Sloane out and make a break for the chapel.\" \"That sounds a lot like a bad rip-off of the ending to The Graduate, Ferris.\" \"Maybe.\" Ferris said thoughtfully. \"But this'll be way better.\" \"I don't know about that...\" Cameron's voice trailed off as a muffled shout came from inside the dorm building. Someone in pajamas came charging out the front door. \"Who the hell do you think you are, making noise like that this late at night?!\" they shouted. Ferris grabbed onto Cameron's arm. \"Come on! We gotta go!\" he said, pulling him towards his car. Not knowing what better option he had, Cameron went along with it. They rushed to Ferris' car and hopped in, the angry student shouting at them all the while. Ferris pulled the car out of it's parking spot, and they sped away. Cameron watched the sights of his university pass by, and soon grow smaller behind him. \"You know, Ferris, the residence hall director is gonna be on my ass now when I get back.\" \"Don't worry. I'll take care of it.\" \"The same way you'll take care of throwing together a wedding in four days?\" \"Yep.\" Cameron sighed, too tired to argue. \"Whatever you say.\" He turned to the window, and looked up at the moon in the sky, obscured slightly by clouds. It's late was his last thought before he fell asleep. ","Summary":" Cameron sighed, and leaned back in his chair. He stared down at his desk, and the many pages of not"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Best Day Ever","Author":"castleofglxss","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9641343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Hey everyone! Ever since I watch Ferris Bueller's Day Off for the first time in six years, I've become obsessed with it. I've watched it twice a day all week, and each time I get more and more inspiration for this story!) You know, being friends with Ferris Bueller, I should have expected this... I was sick—or at least I had convinced myself I was—so I went over to my boyfriend Cameron's house to spend the day with him. I opened the door with the key Cameron had given me (we usually spent our sick days together) and walked back to his bedroom. He was tucked snug in his bed, and various medicine bottles surrounded his bed. I wasn't sure if he was sleeping or not, so I tried to keep quiet. I slipped off my sneakers and walked around the other side of his bed. \"Hi, Cammy,\" I said, slipping under his grey comforter with him. \"Hey, Mer,\" he replied tiredly, allowing me to lay my head on his chest. Just as I got settled, his phone rang, interrupting the music he had been playing. He reached down and accepted the call. \"Hello?\" he asked, his sexy, deep sick voice filling the emptiness of the room—and making me shiver. \"Cameron, babe, what's happening?\" Ferris Bueller, best friend and King Bullshitter's, voice came over the phone. \"Very little,\" Cam replied. \"How do you feel?\" \"Shredded.\" \"Is your mother in the room?\" Ferris asked. I put on a high-pitched, mom-like voice, \"Cameron, honey—\" Cam slapped his hand over my mouth. \"She's in Decatur. Unfortunately she's not staying.\" \"Was that Merissa?\" I propped myself up on my elbow. \"Hey, Ferris, babe, what's goin' on? Where are you?\" \"I'm taking the day off,\" Ferris said, \"come on over.\" \"We can't, stupid, we're sick,\" Cam told him. \"That's all in your heads. Come on over.\" \"We feel like shit, we can't go anywhere.\" \"I'm sorry to here that, now come and pick me up.\" Then, Ferris hung up. Cam sighed. \"I'm dying...\" he whispered. The phone rang again and he accepted the call. \"You're not dying, you just can't think of anything good to do,\" Ferris said. Persistent little shit... Before either of us could respond, Ferris hung up again. \"When Cameron was in Egypt's land,\" Cam sang along to the song that was playing, \"let my Cameron go...\" Fifteen half-sleep-filled minutes later, Ferris called yet again. \"You can't make me wait like this!\" he whined. \"Let us rot in peace,\" Cam said calmly. \"It's my ninth sick day. If I get caught, I won't graduate. I'm doing this for you.\" \"Do you know what my diastolic is?\" Cam snapped. What even is a diastolic? I wondered. \"Be a man!\" Ferris practically yelled. \"Take some Pepto Bismal, get dressed, and come on over! I'm tired if this.\" \"Shut up.\" \"Hold your water for a second,\" Ferris said. \"I've got another call.\" After a few seconds, Ferris's voice came through the receiver again. \"Cameron, it's my dad,\" he informed. \"Great. Keep us out of it.\" \"If you're not over here in ten minutes, you can find a new best friend.\" Cam scoffed. \"Ha! You've been saying that since the fifth grade. Then, guess what... Ferris hung up. Again. Cam sighed. \"He'll keep calling and calling...\" \"Guess we better go...\" I said, sitting up. Cam dug a pair of khaki shorts and a belt out of his dresser and tossed them to me. I stood up and stripped out of my sweatpants, replacing them with the shorts and lacing the belt through the belt loops. I pulled it as tight as it could go and buckled it, then left the room so Cam could change, grabbing my shoes off the floor. I sat on the floor outside Cam's bedroom and put on my shoes. Cam came out of his room, dressed in a Red Wings jersey and khaki pants. \"Come on,\" he said, grabbing his keys and walking out. I got up and scrambled after him. We walked outside and he got in the driver's seat of his car. I got in the back because, knowing his car, he would get pissed and abuse the passenger seat—and so I could lay down. He sat there for a minute, and I heard him sniffle. I sat up and leaned forward and kissed his cheek. \"He'll keep calling and calling,\" I reminded. \"And calling and calling until we go over there... He'll make us feel guilty... Shit!\" He turned the key in the ignition, and the engine started, then stopped. \"God dammit!\" He attempted to start the car again, yelling in rage when it didn't. \"Screw this! We're not going!\" He got out of the car and stomped back inside, only to come back out a few seconds later. I stayed where I was, unsure of how to react to what was going on. Cam jumped around angrily before returning inside. \"Dammit, Cam...\" I muttered, finally getting out of the car and making my way to the front door. I ran into Cam as he once again exited the house. \"Did you drive here?\" he asked. \"No,\" I answered. \"I walked. I figured the fresh air would be good for me. Besides, I don't have a car of my own and Ashley was already leaving for school when I came here. She offered to drive me, but I didn't want her to be late.\" He sighed. \"It's fine. We'll just walk to Ferris's.\" He took my hand in his own and pulled me with him. I liked where Cam lived. The woods had always been my favorite. Until eight grade, when Cam decided that we were 'too old', we used to play hide 'n' seek in the ravine behind his house. \"Mer? Hey, Earth to Merissa!\" Cam snapped his fingers in front of my face. \"Hmm? Sorry, what did you say?\" I asked. \"I said Ferris really pisses me off... Sometimes, I swear I could murder him...\" \"Aww, don't say that! He's your best friend and you love him about as much as you love me.\" \"Well...\" he said, grinning down at me, \"I might love you more...\" My heart may or may not have melted. I cracked a smile. \"Yeah, I'd pick you over Ferris any day... He's kind of a pain...\" Cam laughed. \"You can say that again...\" The rest of the walk was silent, just enjoying each other's company. This may sound cliché, but I always felt better with Cam. Whenever my dad beat me, all I need was Cam's company to feel good about myself again. I loved him and he loved me, even if we fought sometimes. Every couple does, it's normal. Unless, of course, you're my parents... No love, just fighting... We arrived at Ferris's house and before we even reached the door, it opened and we were pulled inside. \"Time to get Sloane out of school!\" Ferris announced. Oh, god... I thought. Here we go... (Some dialogue might not be exact in this story, I'm using a dialogue-only script thing and a few lines aren't really accurate... But yeah, tell whatcha think, don't be shy! I had a lot of fun writing this!)[Chapter 2] (I'd like to start this chapter by saying thanks to shadygrl91 and cailyn.B! I worked hard on this story and it's nice to know you liked it! Now, on with the show!) I stood next to Cam in Ferris's kitchen, leaning against the counter. He had just dialed the Dean of Students' number and was waiting for them to answer. \"This is George Peterson,\" Cam said, impersonating someone I couldn't quite remember. They must have answered. \"Ed, this is George Peterson... Well, we've had a bit of bad luck... Yeah, it's been a tough morning. We've got a lot of family business, so if you wouldn't mind excusing Sloane, I'd appreciate it.\" After a moment, Cam's eyebrows furrowed in confusion. \"Ed, I'm sorry, did you say you wanted to see a body?... Uh, no, my wife's mother...\" He looked up at me, and I took that as my cue to start crying. \"Wh-What did they say, honey?\" I sniffled, wrapping my arms around Cam's waist and grinning up at him before continuing my act. \"I should say you do!\" Oh. Ignore me, then. \"I think you should be sorry, for Christ's sake! A family member dies and you insult me! What the hell is wrong with you?... Pardon my French, but you're an asshole! Asshole! This isn't over, do you read me?... Call me sir, goddammit!\" He's having too much fun with this... \"That's better. You mind your P's and Q's buster, and remember who you're dealing with!\" Ferris appeared in the doorway, tugging on the sleeve of his suit. \"Bueller. Ferris Bueller.\" \"Nice James Bond impression,\" I said. He nodded in thanks. \"I'm scared,\" Cam said, \"because what if he recognizes my voice?\" \"Impossible, you're doing great!\" Ferris mouthed/whispered. Cam moved the phone back up to his ear, a proud grin on his face. \"Rooney! Rooney, calm down! I don't have time to bark at you, so I'm going to make this short and sweet.\" \"Perfect! I love it!\" Ferris signed 'ok' with his hand. \"I want my daughter out in front of the school in ten minutes, by herself.\" Ferris lurched forward and hit Cam on the arm. Cam covered the mouthpiece with his hand. \"What the hell was that for?!\" \"By herself! That's too suspicious; he'll never buy it!\" Ferris hissed. \"Cover it!\" \"You!\" \"Talk!\" \"You!\" \"Talk!\" \"Come on!\" Cam pleaded. He put the phone back up to his ear anyways. \"Rooney! Arg! I've changed my mind! I want you out front with her! I've got some things to say to you, by God!\" Ferris slapped the phone out of Cam's hand and it clattered to the kitchen floor. The boys scrambled for it, but Cam got it first. \"On second thought, I don't have time to talk right now! We'll get together soon and have lunch!\" Ferris kicked Cam in the ass as he hung the phone up. \"Ow! What the hell is your problem?!\" \"Where's your brain?\" Ferris yelled. \"Why'd you kick me?\" Cam demanded. \"Where's your brain?\" \"How can we pick up Sloane if Mr. Rooney is there?\" Ferris inquired. Cam scoffed. \"I said for her to be there alone, and you freaked.\" \"I didn't hit you,\" Ferris said, \"I lightly slapped you.\" \"You hit me.\" Wow, Cam... \"You know what, don't ask me to participate in your stupid crap if you don't like the way I do it.\" Cam sighed angrily. \"You make me get out of bed, you make me come over here, you make me make a phony phone call to Edward Rooney. The man could squash my nuts to oblivion! And then... And then you deliberately hurt my feelings!\" \"I didn't deliberately hurt your feelings,\" Ferris insisted. \"Really?\" Cam asked doubtfully. \"Really. No, I didn't.\" Cam sighed and grabbed his jersey (he had taken it off before making the call), making his way towards the door. \"Where are you going?\" Ferris asked. \"I'm going home. Come on, Mer.\" I had barely moved when Ferris said, \"Cameron, wait! I didn't mean to lose my temper. That was uncalled for.\" \"Really?\" Cam gave him a disbelieving look. \"Really. You did screw up, though—not that it was entirely your fault.\" \"Why?\" Cam looked at Ferris suspiciously. \"Well, to fix the situation, I'm going to need a small favor...\" Ferris said. Uh-oh... What is he up to? (This chapter is a bit shorter, but that was the perfect place to leave off! :D Now, I feel like Cameron and Ferris's name are in this too often, but I'm a bit worried that you guys will be confused about who's saying what, especially since a lot of you may not have seen the movie as many times as I have (I have the Ferrari make memorized)... Well, see ya next chapter!) ","Summary":" (Hey everyone! Ever since I watch Ferris Bueller's Day Off for the first time in six years, I've be"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Jeanie Bueller's Day Off","Author":"trufflesun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10585361","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ferris has always been very protective of me, and has never really liked the guys that I dated. So imagine his surprise when he caught me kissing his best friend Cameron on the porch last week. Boy, was he ticked . Hi I'm Jeanie Bueller, Ferris's younger sister. If anyone asks, I say I hate Ferris, but deep down, I love him. He's my brother, I wouldn't trade him for the world. I know, sounds corny right? Anyways, he's had HIS day off. Now it's MY turn. It was the last day of school. I woke up Cameron, who now lived with us since his parents kicked him out. \"Hey Jeanie,\"Cameron said. \"Time for school, Cam,\"I said. He looked so cute in his flannel pajamas with bedhead hair. \"Do I have to,\"He groaned. \"I have a surprise for you,\"I said,\"It's good too.\" \"Is it better than what we did last weekend,\"He whispered. I kissed his neck. \"It might be,\"I teased. He smiled and kissed me on the lips. \"Hey,\"Someone interrupted. Cameron and I looked up to see Ferris, looking a little angry and a lot suspicious. \"What's going on here,\"He demanded. \"Oh, we were just f*ck*ng,\"I said sarcastically. Cameron went wide-eyed and opened his mouth to say something, but only squeaked. Ferris glared at us, and I glared back. \"Get dressed,\"He pointed at both of us,\"In different rooms.\" He gave Cameron and I the \"I'm watching you\" signal. As I said, he's very protective. I went up to my room to get dressed. Cameron is a sweet guy, the nicest guy I've dated in fact. I had a habit of dating a**holes, and Ferris knew it. My parents didn't, but Ferris did. The feelings I had for Cameron had been around for a while, a crush on my brother's 'cute friend'. I never bothered to ask if he had a girlfriend, never bothered to tell him or my brother or anyone else how I felt. Then, after he moved in, he and I began talking. We had a lot of things in common: our love of pacman, our hatred for squeaky chairs. Ferris caught the two of us kissing on the porch last week, Wednesday, to be exact. I asked Cameron if he was ready to start officially dating, being boyfriend and girlfriend, and he kissed me. The little jerk kissed me! He wasn't demanding, or rude, or insistent either. Just a simple kiss on the lips, just like I'd imagined. That's not how Ferris saw it. I felt guilty because I thought this would ruin their friendship or get Cameron kicked out. I dated another guy right before Cameron, the guy in the police station. The guy whose first line in the movie is 'drugs?', which is ironic considering the actor who played him. All right, enough fourth wall breaking, back to the story. Anyways, I went on one date with this guy, turns out he goes to my school. And you know what I did? I went ahead and screwed him! I don't even remember his name! Never saw the guy again. So I sleep around, something Ferris doesn't know and never will. Call me loose, a slut, a whore, I don't know why I do it. My heart gets broken that way. I get emotionally attached to a one night stand. I've learned that guys want one thing and one thing only... \"Sex,\"I muttered, scowling at my reflection. Sometimes I'm self-conscious, like most girls. Some days, I'm on top of the world, feeling like Ferris does on most days. Other days, I feel like sh*t, not wanting to leave the comfort of my bed. And on certain occasions, typically after said one-night stands, I feel like a dirty whore. They don't care, they get what they want. They f*ck me into oblivion, then just leave. Not Cameron. Last weekend with him, my parents and Ferris were gone. We had the house to ourselves. He said I took his virginity, I'd never taken anyone's virginity before. He didn't leave me when he was done. He put his arm around me, stroking my hair untill I fell asleep. I was confused, to say the least. Was this more than just physical for him? Is he emotionally in this, like me? There's something...different about him. Don't fool yourself Jeanie, just start the timer, and count down to heartbreak. I put on my short skirt with black leggings, low cut V-neck, and black chuck taylors. My hair is naturally curly, so I brushed it out of my face and put on make-up. I hurried downstairs, where Cameron was waiting in shorts, tennis shoes, and a rubix cube t-shirt. He smiled when he saw me. \"You look great,\"He said. \"Thanks,\"I said,\"So do you. Where's Ferris?\" \"Walking,\"He said. I put my arms around his neck and leaned up to kiss him. He put his hands on my hips. I went to get his keys off the table, and he followed me out to the driveway. He didn't smack my ass, which is a good sign. A 1967 Pontiac GTO, silver with blue flames. Convertible, with the top down. Not exactly a Ferrari, but better than his old piece of junk. With the job he had, trading his old car in, and money from my parents, he got this. I got in the driver's seat and started the car. Cameron got in the passenger's side. I pulled out of the driveway and onto the road. \"I have to pick up my friend Elizabeth,\"I said. \"The freshman?\" \"Yes Cameron,\"I said,\"The freshman.\" He must've seen the mischievous smile on my face. \"We're...not going to school today,\"He said,\"Are we?\" \"Nope.\"[Chapter 2] I pulled the car into Elizabeth's driveway. The driveway was empty and the lights in the house were off. \"No one's home,\"Cameron said. \"Oh, she's here,\"I said,\"She's probably in her room. Stay here, she's shy.\" He nodded and I went up to her front door. Her house was bigger than Cameron's, nearly the size of a mansion. And all she does is sit in her room on her bed, reading books all day. I knocked on the door. \"Go away,\"I heard Elizabeth groan loudly. \"Come on out Lizzy,\"I shouted,\"Time for school.\" \"I'm not going,\"She complained. \"If you don't come out, I will drag you,\"I threatened jokingly,\"Let's go!\" I heard the front door unlock and open. She stood in the doorway, wearing pajamas and bedhead. She waved to Cameron, who was sitting in the car, waving like an idiot. I sighed and followed her into the house. \"Well,\"I said. \"Well...what?\" \"Get ready,\"I said. She sighed heavily and ran off to her room. I waited on the couch until she came back, wearing a t-shirt and jean shorts. She doesn't wear make-up, but doesn't really need to. I smiled and pulled her along with me out to the car. I sat back in the driver's seat and Elizabeth hopped in the back. I left the driveway and drove toward Chicago. \"Um..this ISN'T the way to school,\"Elizabeth said. \"Thank you, Captain Obvious,\"I joked. We reached the Chicago city limits. \"Where should we go,\"I asked. \"Home,\"Elizabeth said. \"Sears Tower,\"Cameron suggested. \"I haven't been there in like ten years,\"I said. I parked the car at a parking garage and the three of us walked to the sears tower. Cameron stood on the ledge, putting his head against the glass. I did the same, but not Lizzy, who's afraid of heights. Cameron grabbed my hand. In fact, he held my hand as we walked down the sidewalk, Lizzy following us. \"Are we done yet,\"Lizzy complained. \"No,\"I said,\"We're going to Seven Flags.\" \"Seven Flags,\"She asked. \"Yeah,\"I said,\"It's an amusement park.\" \"But I thought it was called..\" \"Don't say it,\"I cut her off,\"Copyright.\" She nodded in understanding and followed Cameron and I back to the car. I payed the parking charge, grabbed the keys, and we headed to Seven Flags. At the parking lot, I took a wad of money out of my purse and payed the five dollars for parking. We got to park about halfway into the parking lot, so it wasn't too crowded. I put up the hood on the convertible after Lizzy and Cameron got out, then locked the door. \"Where'd you get all that money,\"Cameron whispered. \"Ferris,\"I said simply. He smirked and the two followed me to the entrance. I payed the entrance fee for the three of us. Elizabeth's POV I snuck away from Jeanie and Cameron and ran toward the cotton candy stand, then realized I didn't have any money. I turned around to ask Jeanie for some, when I slammed into someone and fell to the ground. I looked up and saw a tall boy, about my age, with brown hair, jeans,and a t-shirt. He smiled at me and helped me up. \"Sorry,\"He said. \"It's okay,\"I said shyly,\"I was just..getting some...cotton candy.\" \"Oh, me too,\"He said,\"Uh..wanna come with?\" \"I don't have money,\"I admitted. \"It's fine,\"He said,\"It's on me.\" \"Thanks,\"I said,\"What's your name?\" \"Damien,\"He said,\"You?\" \"Elizabeth.\"[Chapter 3] Jeanie's POV Cameron and I sat on a bench after riding the wooden coaster. I rested my head on his shoulder and sighed. \"Is something wrong,\"He asked. \"I've been thinking,\"I said,\"About last week.\" \"What about it?\" \"It's just...well...\" I was interrupted by an announcement over the loudspeaker: \"Attention everyone. We will be starting a talent show at the stage in fifteen minutes. This is open to the public...\" \"Wanna go check it out,\"I asked. He shrugged. \"Okay,\"He said. The two of us walked to the stage where concerts and such things were preformed. Cameron took a seat and I dissapeared into the forming crowd. Cameron's POV Jeanie was nowhere to be found. That is, until I look up on the stage as the show started. My jaw dropped. Jeanie stood there, microphone in hand. I wondered what she would do, tell a joke, maybe? Then I heard the piano music playing, and the words come out of her mouth. \"'cause I feel so secure when we're together...,\" She looked right at me when she sang. I couldn't help but smile. She sung better than Ferris. \"And I can't fight this feeling anymore...forgotten what I've started fighting for...\" Elizabeth's POV \"Is that Jeanie,\"I wondered loudly. The talent show was played over the speaker. I was on the Ferris Wheel with Damien. \"Who's Jeanie,\"Damien asked. \"My friend,\"I said,\"I came here with her and her boyfriend Cameron. Who are you with?\" \"No one,\"He said,\"I snuck in.\" This made me laugh. \"Wow,\"I said,\"Impressive.\" When we got off the Ferris Wheel, Damien pulled out a little peice of paper and a tiny pencil and wrote something down. He handed it to me, it was a set of numbers. \"My number,\"He said,\"Call me anytime. I live around.\" \"Thanks,\"I said. \"I gotta go,\"He said,\"Gotta be home before my brother.\" I nodded. \"Bye,\"He said. He walked away. Weird. That kid is weird. Why? Because he likes me. And I am weird. Why? Because I like everyone of the opposite gender. I went off to find Jeanie and Cameron, who were behind the stage of the talent show. \"Hey Jeanie,\"I said,\"You were really good.\" \"Thanks,\"She said. The three of us went off to ride the Eagle, the largest roller coaster in the park. Then, we stopped and got funnel cakes. \"I..think I should go home,\"I said,\"It's three. School's over.\" Jeanie's POV \"Maybe you're right,\"I agreed. We went back out to the parking lot. This time Cameron drove. When we got to Lizzy's driveway, her father's car was there. \"Well, I'm screwed,\"She said,\"See you guys.\" \"Wait,\"I said,\"Do..you want me to talk to him.\" \"No, I'm fine,\"She said,\"I'll be fine.\" I nodded. She went into her house. I could hear her father shouting. Cameron winced. \"Think she'll be okay,\"Cameron asked. \"Yeah,\"I said. \"Are you sure? I don't want to leave her here and have the sh*t beat out of her.\" \"Her parents aren't like that Cameron,\"I said. I remembered when Cameron came to our house after the Ferrari. It was almost midnight. His face was bruised, he was scared, begging my parents to let him stay. He wouldn't talk about the bruises on his body, or the dried blood on his face. He just came in, lied down on the couch, and went to sleep. My mom brought him a blanket and pillow. \"Did he hit you, Cameron,\"I asked. \"Huh?\" \"Your father,\"I said,\"When you smashed the Ferrari.\" He just sighed and pulled the car out of the parking lot. I realized that he'd turned away from my house. \"Cameron, the house is the other way,\"I said. \"I know,\"He said, and smiled. The place we went to was the park. It wasn't just a normal park. It had a trail that led to a grassy area by a lake. Cars could park there, and people usually went there to do it in their cars. He parked under a tree. He wants to...I nearly slapped him. I stared at him until he opened his mouth. \"Why are we here,\"I asked. \"You wanted to talk,\"He said,\"Back at the park.\" I hung my head and let my hair fall. \"You...you don't know who me Cameron,\"I said. \"Of course I do,\"He said,\"You're Jeanie Bueller.\" \"No,\"I said,\"I mean...you don't know about me.\" \"I've..heard rumors..but...\" \"They're true,\"I admitted,\"All of them. I sleep with guys on the first date. All of them. I don't know why...I just...\" I was tearing up now. Cameron stared at me with confusion and some other emotion I couldn't read. \"I..must've slept with thirty guys...and I'm only seventeen. Ferris gets to be the most popular guy in school, I get to be the most popular whore..\" He seemed shocked by my words, still not saying anything. I waited and waited, and he just stared. \"Cameron,\"I said,\"Say something. Come on...please...\" Nothing. A/N: SORRY THE STORY IS A BIT RUSHED. ","Summary":" Ferris has always been very protective of me, and has never really liked the guys that I dated. So "},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Goodbye For Now","Author":"LoverofScales","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12954085","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Goodbye For Now Marie sat in the hall with nothing but a pillow in her lap and a black and white Great Dane laying her head there. From the living room, her two vacuums, a serpent like fan, and a stereo system watched her sadly. Since her dog was diagnosed with kidney failure, Marie's barely left Bailey's side all morning...the five and a half year old was to be put down that afternoon...Marie had done a video to help herself let go and say goodbye... The appliances sunk a bit hearing their mistress whisper things like \"You're a good girl Bailey.\" And \"I love you so much momma.\" They knew Marie would never be truly ready to let go. That's how she was with all her animals. The appliances knew she was just hurting... Alap sighed and started searching for a moment. Then a song played through his speakers. Fanella, Tuuli and Govad looked at him, they recognized the song. Marie always listened to it when she lost or was about to lose someone she held dear. Tuuli looked toward her mistress and sighed. \" I'll always remember you Carry your dreams until they come true Each breath I that I take Each moment awake I'll always remember you...\" The other appliances looked at Tuuli as she sang along to the song. \" Everywhere I walk, I see your shadow When I close my eyes, I see your face Every song I sing, I hear your melody N ot a moment that goes by that you're not on my mind! You will always be my hero Never scared, braver than us all Guiding light for me to follow Always showing me the way Right beside me every day!\" Alap gently started swaying to the music while Govad just shut his eyes and listened,trying to keep a strong front and be the rock for the rest of his family. Fanella started joining in with Tuuli, singing with her. \" I'll always remember you Carry your dreams until they come true Each breath that I take, each moment awake! I'll always remember you! Oh oh yea! I'll remember! Hey yes I remember! Oh for the sacrifice you made And all the gifts you gave! I'll always remember you Carry your dreams Until they come true Each breath that I take Each moment awake! I'll always remember you you you!\" As the song was dying down, Marie hugged Bailey tighter and found herself singing/whispering the last chorus to her. \" I'll always remember you Carry your dreams Until they come true Each breath that I take Each moment awake... I'll always remember...Always remember...I'll always remember... you... \" The song ended. Marie broke into tears as she hugged and rubbed Bailey's ear. \"I love you so much Bailey...you're such a great dog...\" Marie didn't even notice her appliances coming to her side to try and comfort her. Fanella nuzzled Marie while Alap snuggled up to her side. The two vacuums stayed a good distance from Bailey, knowing she was terrified of them. \"She'll always remember you too Marie...\" Alap assured. Marie looked down at him. She sighed and wiped her tears. \"Thanks guys...\" ","Summary":" Goodbye For Now Marie sat in the hall with nothing but a pillow in her lap and a black and white Gr"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"The Brave Little Toaster - He is Back","Author":"GeistK97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12970818","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After the incident with Mack and the close call with the animal deportation, the appliances set off and accompanied the Master and Mistress to their new property and estate. The animals all found a place to go and live, not having any cruel punishments or being left out in the cold and rain. The Master changed all their lives, and brought the appliances closer together than ever before. They all were great friends and have always stood out for each other. But during their adventure to save the animals, the appliances and even Ratso were faced with a major loss. Radio. The loud mouth had given up his WFC 11-12-55, a rare tube that even he declared was very rare, for Wittenstein to contact help and stall the departure. And because of this Radio was a hero, but paid the price. He went several weeks powered off and the room, the lab, the dorm, none of it felt the same. The appliances could see the saddened look on the Master's face as he would glance at his poor radio. But they were the most devastated. Radio, despite being a loud mouth and overly dramatic, always brightened up their day with a soothing song or giving out awards and compliments, acting like it was a news broadcast. Not a dull moment went by with him around. Until he no longer was around. His sacrifice for the animals and Wittenstein left him turned off. His goofy talks and exaggerated antenna movements were all missed. Everyone started to get up at around 6 every day due to Radio's early bird news reports being engraved into their mind. Lamp would be the one to wake up early and for a split second, think Radio's obnoxious voice would cut through the silence. But it doesn't. He missed with every passing day for Radio to barge in and shout at him, causing him to wake up. But Radio can't. Blanky didn't take the sudden loss of his friend to well. He spent the first few days bawling his eyes out, and the Master had to dry him off a lot of times due to his tears dripping down onto his fabric body. And even with all the crying he did, no one blamed him, or told him to shut it. Because all of them felt the same thing. Kirby loved the music Radio would play, and even when they were all back at the cottage, Kirby from the sidelines would hum along or even dance when he turns a corner. Now with Radio gone, the pleasant sound of his music, even his soothing and expressive singing voice would all be just a memory. Toaster never stopped thinking about Radio, and even wondered if he could see them from up where ever he is. And through out there journeys, Toaster realized now that Radio's optimism and music kept them all going. Sure, it was Toaster who made them all go and push on, but Radio really helped out a lot. And Radio was a hero, but Radio's love of the limelight and celebration never came, as Radio couldn't celebrate it himself. The appliances carried out their duties, but all of them had the sinking feeling of an empty void in their electrical heart when they look at the cupboard above the Master's table, the cupboard that housed Radio's shell of a body. He can't carry out his prime directive and the appliances were scared the Master would throw him out. But he never did. This cycle went on for 3 weeks, but those 3 weeks felt like an eternity. This couldn't even compare to how the others felt when Toaster was crushed due to working gears powering the crusher. Toaster's out of body experience only lasted a day, and even then the applianced weren't worried, as the Master could fix Toaster, the Master can't fix Radio. His tube was the last of its kind, and even then, it is now inside Wittenstein. The animals were also having a hard time, as he was the one that saved them, and they couldn't even thank him. And Ratso keeps replaying the tube smashing to the floor. He wondered that if he didn't let his ego get in the way and let an experienced appliance with a WFC 11-12-55 install it into Wittenstein, would all this heartache and emptiness be avoided? He bottled up the guilt inside of him. And because of this, he couldn't even thank him nor apologize to him. Nobody was happy for a long time. It even hurt just talking about him. That is, until the Master was leaving college and buying a house for him and the Mistress. He was packing all his things and even proposed to the Mistress. When suddenly, she pulled out a box and handed it to the Master. And when he saw the contents of the box, his smile grew even bigger. Then he held it up for an inspection and that was when the appliances finally saw it. It was a tube, and tube to power a radio with a transmitter. Everyone also started crying with how happy they were. As they watched the Master install it into Radio there smiled never wavered. Then music, beautiful music started to play. Radio was back. The Master smiled and turned Radio off and placed him with his other stuff. As he was done packing and getting the car started Radio could finally move again. The first thing he did was talk and dance and play music. He felt alive, literally. Even without a face to convey any facial expressions, everyone could tell he was smiling. \"The radio has rebounded back to Earth people.\" Radio exclaimed as he snuggled with Blanky to get warm. Now in the new house the appliances waited till nightfall to move around, and get a little therapy from just talking to Radio. The loud mouth from when he was brought back never shut up, and kept talking like these would be the last words of his life. In the dead of night, when Radio went to sleep everyone else had to wake him up. They knew he was a very light sleeper, so they used extra caution to get him to the floor and not leave him on the counter, as it wouldn't be fair for Kirby. As soon as Radio's feet touched the ground Radio was startled awake. As he gave a yelp he looked around at his friends who all wore a relieved smile on their face. \"Umm, so would you mind filling in your pal Radio here what you guys are doing?\" Radio asked, and even just his voice made the others smile more. Toaster hopped over and gave Radio a big hug. \"We missed you Radio, we missed you so much.\" Toaster said, voice cracking and tears welling up. Radio was taken aback, but soon recovered and lowered his antenna on top of Toaster's back, rubbing it. \"Shh Toaster, easy fella. I'm back.\" Radio said, his soft voice filling Toaster with even more relief that he wasn't dreaming. As Toaster stepped away Blanky swooped in and wrapped around his red body. \"Don't ever do that again.\" The blanket ordered, eyes already filling with tears. Radio sighed. \"I won't. Don't worry.\" Radio said, leaning into Blanky's embrace and latching his antenna to him to, giving his own hug. As the small blanket slinked away Ratso walked over. He didn't give no hug but he looked free and relieved. \"Radio, thank you. You deserve all the thank you's in the world for what you did to those animals.\" Ratso said. Radio extended his antenna to Ratso and he took it, shaking up. Kirby rolled up and gave a small embrace with his cord, which Radio happily accepted. \"Say Radio, do you think by any chance you could play something?\" Kirby asked, as that was all he wanted to hear. Radio wasted no time finding a channel and hoped in. It played a pleasant piano piece, a perfect tune and rhythm for what they were doing now. As the music was playing Lamp hopped over and lowered his head towards Radio and embraced him. Wrapping his cord and neck around him. Radio laughed and hearty laugh and responded with a hug of him own. Lamp broke into tears. The feeling of Radio physically being there after so long broke the Lamp. Radio was handling this delicate situation very well, not being over the top or loud. Right now he knows what he must do, and that his friends need him right now for closure. He knows he had been gone for a long time. \"Can I see it?\" Lamp suddenly spoke. Radio was confused. He didn't quite understand the request. \"The tube, can I see it inside of you?\" Lamp asked again. Radio gave as much of a sad smile as he could give and turned around. He bent his antenna downward and opened his hatch, revealing the tube, glowing bright and healthy. Everyone stared at it. Toaster, Blanky, Ratso, and Lamp all flashed back to the scene from the incident, recalling Radio's lifeless and tubeless body. Now he has another one and can function again. The appliances and Ratso then sat in silence for a while, just listening to the soothing piano music Radio was playing. Then they didn't care to place them all back where they belong, they all huddled up and slept, together. Everyone wore smiles and everyone was finally free and found closure. THE END ","Summary":" After the incident with Mack and the close call with the animal deportation, the appliances set off"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"New Edge","Author":"TANDY80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12964167","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A small, black Samsung smartphone looked through the windshield of a 1966 Volkswagon Bus, waiting for her mistress to leave the mansion she had entered to visit her cousin. As minutes passed, she lost her focus and hopped down to the passenger seat and laid down and began to doze. She was eventually startled awake with the sound of a car door in the back opening. She jumped up to the console to see what was going on, and saw her mistress load a green, two-headed canister vacuum. Her mistress left the door open and went back into the mansion, leading her phone to believe that more must be coming. The phone loaded her text messaging app, entering the recipient as the email address of her own mistress. With that, she wrote and sent a message: \"To Dell: Omg Becky is bringing a new vacuum home! ?\" At their home, a cabin in the country, a laptop named Dell was closed and asleep on a table in the living room. He was woken up to an email notification sound, and opened himself up. Yawning and rubbing an eye, he loaded his mistress's email, knowing that the phone would sometimes send important messages. After reading the email, he sighed and typed up a reply. \"What's wrong with that? She said she needed one. Rob can't do all the vacuuming himself, he's just a Roomba.\" \"That's not the point, you dolt! ? She went back into the building and she might be getting more stuff.\" \"I think you're being paranoid, Antenette. Leave me alone unless something actually happens.\" After receiving that message, Antenette saw her mistress bring a box with several parts for an entertainment system. After watching her mistress go back into the mansion again, she quickly hopped on top of the seats and took a snapshot of the contents of the box and messaged it to Dell with a caption: \"There's a bunch of stuff in there! It looks like there's speakers, a VHS player, and the most massive DVD player I've ever seen in my life.\" \"She's just getting extensions for Tempo. About time, really. He's only got the bare minimum of what a TV needs.\" Their mistress game out with one last box. It contained a computer, a phone, a stereo, a lamp and a hand mixer, a toaster oven, and a food processor, all in their inactive states. Antenette quickly took a picture again and jumped into her mistress's bag and sent the photo to Dell: \"GO ON. TELL ME I WAS RIGHT, YOU BLOCKHEAD.\" Dell winced upon receiving the photo. \"What does she need another computer for? Two is enough. She's got all she needs for the kitchen, and there is absolutely no way she uses a landline.\" \"We're doooooomed... ?\" Dell paced around for several minutes, trying to reason on what this might be all about. He finally got another idea and wrote up another reply to Antenette: \"Hm. Maybe she's running an errand and taking them to the dump in behalf of her cousin.\" \"WE PASSED THE DUMP ALREADY ? FOR THE LOVE OF EDISON, JUST STOP DENYING ALREADY OMG ? ﾟﾘﾭ ?\" Dell whined in frustration, but was interrupted by some loud, obnoxious laughing. He looked up at the source of laughter, which was none other than the large TV on the wall. Dell glared at Tempo harshly, waiting for his laughter to die down. After quieting down, Dell spoke up snarkily. \"Finished yet?\" Tempo let out a wheeze, followed by some chuckling. \"What was that all about? Since when do you cry?!\" Dell lashed out. \"I was NOT crying! I'm angry, see? ANGRY.\" \"Yeah, but... When are you not angry?\" Tempo wheezed again, followed by a loud cackle as Dell hopped away to the staircase, \"Hey! Where you going?\" Dell yelled from the steps as he was hopping up on them. \"You won't be laughing for long when you get replaced!\" ","Summary":" A small, black Samsung smartphone looked through the windshield of a 1966 Volkswagon Bus, waiting f"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"The Snobbiest of All","Author":"Lostinawhisper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12740342","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The White She-Devil It was a peaceful day at the no longer haunted mansion….until a certain arrival decided to come along to spoil it. Late that afternoon, everyone started to smell something and it wasn't all pleasant. It smelled an awful lot like cigarette smoke, because that's what it was. Ravager recognized who it was the cause of it and did not look thrilled to see her. Soon a pure white female magnet wheeled in near the graveyard. She had bright red lips, purple eye shadow, a white fur scarf around her silver neck, and in her mouth was a holder with a cigarette at the end. \"Hellion, what are you doing here?\" Ravager asked \"I haven't seen you since we lived back at the yard to be bought.\" \"Oh, Ravager, darling, how wonderful to see you again,\" Hellion replied, blowing smoke right in his face \"Plus, I've heard about this humble home and had to see it for myself.\" Ravager coughed from breathing in the cigarette smoke and answered \"Oh, sure you are, you never were one to come around, just to hang out.\" Hellion then spotted Windy, who came out just now and hid behind her father, making the big white magnet giggle. \"Come here, young one, come here.\" Hellion beckoned, causing Windy to shy even more Ravager looked to his daughter, the back to Hellion, snarling at her, causing Fannie, Sweetie, and Loumine to come out. \"What's going on, who's this?\" Fannie demanded Hellion giggled again \"Hellion, nice to meet you, darling.\" \"And what are you doing here?\" Loumine asked, wanting an answer right then \"Why, to simply hang out, my dear.\" Hellion replied, with a sinister looking grin \"Oh no, you aren't!\" Ravager responded, angrily, still snarling \"You knew about my daughter somehow and I know you're known for stealing young ones!\" \"She is, if she wasn't so big, I'd bite her so hard for that!\" Fannie added, getting enraged Sweetie even looked a little angered and got right in Hellion's face, saying \"I suggest you leave here if you know what's best for you.\" Hellion huffed and glared to them all \"Mark my words, I take my leave for now, but this won't be the last time you'll see me…\" Hellion then turned and left from whence she came. Ravager and Fannie hugged Windy close, who was still trembling in fear. \"Don't worry, we won't let her get you.\" Fannie told her \"And if she does get close, she's going to wished she never found us.\" Ravager added, lightly licking his baby, making her calm down more. Sweetie even was taking this seriously and she and Loumine went back into the mansion, Sweetie being on high alert, guarding Blenny as much as she could, for she could see Hellion would be back and was up to no good. Hellion watched them all from where she was hiding and grinned \"Oh yes, you haven't seen the last of me. We've barely begun.\" she said, quietly, laughing in a quiet and deep tone To be continued…. Hellion is a character based highly of Cruella DeVille from disney's 101 Dalmations. Special thanks to Lampi01 for joining forces with me and allowing me to use your characters, as well as the ones we created together. ","Summary":" The White She-Devil It was a peaceful day at the no longer haunted mansion….until a certain arrival"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"The Hardest Goodbye of All","Author":"Lostinawhisper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12718002","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Glow It was late at night at the city's lamp factory and two goose-neck lamps were made at the same time before the place closed for the night. One of them was gold and the other was a deep blue. As soon as the lights went out, the blue lamp's light went on first, indicating she was awake for the first time, the gold one closely following. \"Oh, I'm alive?\" the gold one asked The blue one giggled \"Yes we are, and happy manufacture day to you.\" \"Yeah, you too…sorry, we don't have name's don't we?\" the gold one brought up The blue lamp hopped over and hugged him lightly \"Then for now, we can call each other something for now, so we don't sound completely silly, talking over here.\" The gold lamp hugged his 'sister' back, then looked around trying to read anything he could find, then saw the right word to describe her on the wall \"Well, you're a friendly sister….Affection.\" \"Oh, I like that, Lampy.\" Affection just spoke up, out of the blue \"That will work for me, Affection…\" Lampy began until he got interrupted \"Can you two siblings be quiet?\" a tall stand-up lamp called out to them \"We're trying to get some sleep here!\" \"Oh, sorry about that.\" Affection replied \"We just wanted to get to know each other.\" \"Well don't, you'll be bought and separated before you know it.\" The stand-up lamp told them Lampy suddenly got scared and hugged his sister close, which she hugged him in return, glaring at the bully. They did probably need to get rest though, for it was pretty late. Affection laid her head down on a piece of foam, suddenly feeling Lampy drop his head onto hers, still very afraid. She smiled to him, not minding it at all, if it made him feel better. \"Don't listen to that bully. Even if we do get separated, remember me and my glow will always be with you.\" Affection told him quietly Lampy started to feel better, but didn't get off her, but answered \"Thank you affection.\" Both siblings then went to sleep together, awaiting what would happen to the two of them the following day. It was to come sooner than they think and the two were soon to be shipped off to the retail store, hoping for someone to want and take them as their own, but the question is, who will want them and will they remain together as brother and sister? To be continued… ","Summary":" A Glow It was late at night at the city's lamp factory and two goose-neck lamps were made at the sa"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Fears","Author":"Quazie89","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13231150","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, everybody! The Brave Little Toaster is one of my favorite Disney movies, and I wanted to write a fan fiction for it, and I came up with this Brave Little Toaster fic, in which Kirby helps Lampy get over his fear of plugging himself into an outlet during a thunderstorm. It takes place during the move, after Elmo St. Peters rescues the appliances from the swamp and takes him to his spare parts shop. Lampy is without a doubt my favorite character from this movie. How he almost sacrificed himself in order power up Kirby made a big impression on me when I was little and it always stuck with me how noble and brave he was. I hope you enjoy the story! It was a dark and stormy night. Rain pelted down hard on the forest floor, lightning streaked across the night sky and could be seen flashing in between the trees, illuminating the entire forest floor. The five appliances travelling together in a group, making their way through the forest, made an odd sight. There was a vacuum cleaner, toaster, radio, blanket, and a lamp. The strange group was on a mission, on their way to find their master, who had mysteriously just left and abandoned them for no reason that they could fathom. What was it they had done wrong? Had it been something they had said or did? They didn't know. Whatever the reason, they were bound and determined to find him. Besides the storm that was brewing, all was going well into the vacuum cleaner started slowing down and came to a sudden, abrupt stop in the middle of the forest. The battery the appliances had been using in order to keep them going had died. Not knowing what else to do, and perhaps thinking a little irrationally but unable to come up with a better idea at the time, the lamp stuck its cord in the battery. The lamp didn't know what had happened next, but it could recall a blinding flash of light, and the last thing it remembered, was a bolt of electricity shooting down his body, completely paralyzing him. After the whole traumatizing, life-changing dear-death experience was over, it crumpled into a broken heap on the ground, surrounded by the screams of its friends. It was completely unaware of this and didn't know about it until the others had recounted it to him sometime later, after he had came to, but the other appliances all surrounded him, wearing worried expressions, not knowing what was to become of him and fearing the worst possible outcome. Lampy screamed, disturbed from his fretful sleep by the raging storm that was brewing outside, waking up to the sound of roaring thunder and rain hitting against the side of the little appliance shop. To this day, all he could remember of the whole terrible ordeal was fire, smoke, and light. He would never forget the pain, fear, and helplessness that had also came with those uncomfortable sensations. Trying to ignore the glaring stares of the rest of appliances in the room, Lampy nervously stared at the outlet in the wall, and gulped, swallowing down his fear. He hadn't told any of the other appliances, yet, but he had been afraid to hook his cord up to anything since that night. He was even scared of thunderstorms now, but he hadn't told them that, yet, either, knowing they would only make fun of him. \"What's eating you, kid?\" Startled, Lampy yelped, swerving around to face the sound of the deep, booming, gruff voice, knowing it could've only belonged to Kirby. The tall, imposing vacuum cleaner pulled up to him, his expression stern. Lampy chucked. \"Uh, nothing,\" he said, and lowered his eyes, unable to meet Kirby's scolding gaze. Kirby frowned. \"I know you're not telling me the truth,\" he said, narrowing his eyelids at him. \"I know there's something bothering you, but I just don't know what.\" Lampy took a deep, shuddering breath, trying to muster up what little courage he had left. \"I'm afraid to hook my cord up to anything now, all right?\" he asked, letting out a mournful and perhaps a little dramatic sigh. \"I have been ever since I got struck by lightning that night in the forest. I'm just afraid of it happening again, and I'm not a big fan of thunderstorms now. There, does that make you happy?\" Kirby's hardened expression softened. \"I'm glad you told me the truth, yes, but no, I'm not happy,\" he said, actually giving Lampy a sympathetic look. \"I don't like seeing you like this.\" He scrunched up his softened expression, looking as if it had pained him to say it. Lampy blinked at him in bewilderment, his eyes widening in surprise. \"Wow, really?\" he asked, unable to believe Kirby had just said this, but it was nice to know that, despite his rough exterior and attitude, that Kirby actually cared. \"You really do care about me?\" Kirby began to grumble. \"As a friend,\" he said, muttering the words under his breath. \"Nothing more.\" Lampy chuckled. \"I consider you my friend, too,\" he said, grinning at him. \"I'm glad to have you as my friend.\" Kirby harrumphed, beginning to sputter a little bit. \"N-No p-problem k-kid, d-don't m-m-mention it,\" he said, stammering real bad on the words, and Lampy could tell the conversation was getting a little awkward for him. It was for him, too, if he was to be honest with himself, and decided it would be best, for the both of them, to change the subject. Lampy peered up at all of the leering appliances littering the shelves above them, shrinking away from their accusing, unfriendly stares. \"So, how do you propose we get out this mess?\" he asked, and quickly turned back around to give Kirby a questioning look. Kirby snorted. \"Heck if I know, kid, you tell me,\" he said, looking as about as lost and helpless as Lampy knew he felt and must've looked, too. \"I would if I had a plan, but I don't,\" Lampy said, growing a little frustrated, and quickly beginning to lose his already thin patience with the old vacuum cleaner. \"Well, you better be thinking up of something fast, or it's going to be the end of the line for us,\" Kirby said, appearing small and vulnerable in his fear, a rare sight to behold, indeed, but also a pitiful one, and it made Lampy a little sad to see it. \"That's what I'm afraid of,\" Lampy said, closing his eyes in deep thought. \"Just give me a minute. I'm thinking.\" Lampy didn't have a very long time to think. At that very moment, the door swung open, and a short, stocky, middle-aged man wearing glasses strolled into the room, slamming the door behind him. Lampy and Kirby looked at each other, neither one of them not knowing what to say, but both fearing their end was near. Lampy grinned. \"Wait a minute,\" he said, hopping behind Kirby before the man could switch the light on, and put his cord into the wall. \"I have an idea.\" \"What-\" Kirby began, but before he could finish, Lampy's bulb came on, and the man screamed, dropping the tools he had been holding, and ran out of the room, slamming the door behind him. Kirby's eyes widened, and recognition dawned in his wise, ancient gaze when he realized what Lampy had done. \"You got it back, kid,\" he said, and smiled at him, beaming down at him with pride. \"I don't think you ever lost it.\" Lampy lowered his eyes, unable to meet Kirby's all-knowing gaze, feeling as if the vacuum cleaner could read his mind and could see right through him. \"I did, though,\" he said, after a few minutes, breaking the awkward silence that had fallen between them, and looked reluctantly looked back up at him. \"You helped me get it back.\" He gave him a sheepish smile. \"Glad I could be of help, kid,\" Kirby said, and grunted, but smiled at him. \"Just don't get used to it.\" Lampy laughed. \"Don't worry,\" he said, grinning, feeling relieved. \"I won't.\" He was glad to see everything was back to normal between him and Kirby, and he wouldn't have wanted things any other way. The End ","Summary":" Hello, everybody! The Brave Little Toaster is one of my favorite Disney movies, and I wanted to wri"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Worthless","Author":"stephthewriter2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12884055","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I know the song is pretty dark and deep, it's just that I wanted to try this after listening to the song a couple of times. Back then, I didn't know. Going in, in, in, and in more. \"This is the end for me,\" she sang. \"This is the end for me.\" Inch by inch, she was tied on the conveyer belt that was pulling her closer to the heavy machinery that was going up and down. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! \"Once a writer with inspiration, one bestseller, a newspaper article, and now I know too much about cruelty.\" BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! Closer and closer she came. \"iPads and iPhones bloomed, kids enjoying their rights, and agony has spread. From newspapers to books to phones, the world makes you know, you're worthless.\" The white lines were closer and now tall as an elm tree. BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! CRASH! Everything was dark. ","Summary":" I know the song is pretty dark and deep, it's just that I wanted to try this after listening to the"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"The Eight Fates","Author":"marshjohn049","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13034229","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Eight Fates A TBLT Worthless poem written by DriftinCovet1987 (partially written/wholly inspired by a Youtube commenter on this video: watch?v=xKXTat…) The Brave Little Toaster (c) Hyperion/Kushner-Locke/Disney Original poem (everything between the lines) (c) Micheal Everything else (c) DriftinCovet1987 AKA me Ernie's Disposal was a horrible place For appliances and cars that all had lost face. Some had broken, some had been dumped But all looked at their location and slumped Towers of junk for miles around Clanging and banging muffled the sounds Of scavengers and theives who walked to and fro In the aisles where the cars went to death row The cars that their owners had tossed aside As their peds couldn't deal with faulty drivelines They decided that they weren't worth the trouble So their cars became the \"kings of the rubble\". The magnet whirred searching through the yard He carried the cars as they sang their yarns Knowing their end by the crusher was near Of what it was like to live lives of failure. The first one just was never built to last. The second had problems she couldn't get past. The third one ran till he couldn't no more. The fourth one crashed out on lap 94... The fifth one carried a hapless husband to be, The sixth one took that man to the cemetery. The seventh carried a lifestyle that lives to this day, And the eighth was just happy till he heard them say... \"You're worthless.\" ","Summary":" The Eight Fates A TBLT Worthless poem written by DriftinCovet1987 (partially written/wholly inspire"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Cutting Edge Vs Mythical","Author":"LoverofScales","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12918616","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cutting Edge Vs. Mythical In their little humble home, 10 appliances were at rest. A TRS-80 computer sat on the desk with an orange western electric 2500 telephone right beside it. On the night stand sat a purple pear shaped ceramic lamp. The tall entertainment complex moved his bright yellow eyes toward the window. There was a sound of beating wings outside. But not those of a pigeon taking off. No...these wings were much larger. And there was only one creature that Retro, the said entertainment complex, knew of with wings that large. And that was a dragon. Retro looked at the purple lamp. \"Plugsy. I think Najada's visiting.\" The purple lamp, dubbed Plugsy, opened his eyes in a panic. Whenever Najada came to visit, she'd bring her daughter, Krystal. Not that Plugsy didn't like Krystal. She was adorable and such a sweet little thing. The only problem was she always used Plugsy as hunting practice. \"Oh no! I gots to hide!\" Plugsy panicked and ran off the nightstand to hide behind a blue stereo. Panasonic became animate and chuckled at his lamp friend. \"Like that's gonna help Plugsy!\" The orange phone woke up then, blinking her blue eyes on her speakers, and grinned excitedly. \"OOH! Najada's come to visit!\" The red toaster oven smiled. \"Oh and I bet she's brought that precious lil puffball with her too!\" The two faced pink sewing machine looked in disgust. \"Oh goody...\" Mindy huffed. \"Just what we need...\" Judy sneered with an eye roll. The Tandy computer opened his eyes then and narrowed them at the sisters. He never liked the two and tried his best to never talk to them, as did all the other appliances. Only sometimes that was easier said than done. Tandy ignored the mean girls then and smiled at a green conjoined two headed vacuum. \"Lex, Lux open the window and let our draconic friend in.\" Lux scooted over as he and his sister, Lex, opened the window. A lavender dragoness with a pale yellow underbelly flew in, now the size of a Great Dane so she wouldn't crush anything. Her front paws were blue while her hinds paws were a light peach color. Rainbows decorated her hindquarters, horns and her tail, including the fish like tip. Her ear frills had the ROY part of the rainbow on each membrane. In her mouth was a little blue and purple dragon with brown horns on her head and travling down her snout. Cordaline excitedly hopped over to the two mythical beasts. \"Hiya Najada! It's so good to see you again! I really missed ya!\" Najada chuckled at her phone friend and set Krystal down. \"It's good to see you too dear. But you do realize we've only just saw each other three days ago.\" \"Yea! It feels like forever!\" Najada laughed again and nuzzled Cordaline. \"Couldn't agree more.\" Krystal looked between her mother and godmother, (yes a phone is her godmother.) and chirped wanting attention. Cordaline giggled and rubbed Krystal's head with her cord. \"Hiya Krystal! I missed you too little miss Pudge!\" Krystal chirped and purred happily. \"And how is the other young one doing Najada?\" Tandy asked with a smile on his keyboard. Najada sat and put a paw on her swollen belly. \"Still cooking. Gave me quite a scare the other day. Hadn't moved all day...\" The appliances (excluding Judy and Mindy) all frowned. They all knew about Najada's miscarriage and knew that during her pregnancy with Krystal and without a doubt with this one, she was incredibly scared of losing the baby. \"They're alright now though aren't they?\" Retro asked the dragoness warily. Najada smiled and nodded \"of course retro. This morning they wouldn't stop moving. So they're perfectly fine.\" The appliances all sighed in relief at that. \"How far are you Momma Dragon?\" Lux asked then. \"I should lay the egg next week. Then only a short three to four more and the little one should hatch.\" \"I'm sure the new baby will be as sweet as this little sugar pie~!\" Ovenette cooed petting Krystal. The young dragon purred happily while snuggling up to Ovenette. Najada chuckled as she carefully lied down. \"Aye...Tanner and I are quite excited.\" \"Surely you've thought of name ideas?\" Tandy asked then earning a nod from the dragoness. \"Yes. Tanner and I both love the name Zelph for a boy and Evian for a girl.\" \"Aww! Those are beautiful!\" Cordaline grinned. \"Quite.\" Tandy agreed. Najada smiled \"thank you. That reminds me...Panasonic?\" The blue stereo stood at attention looking up at her. \"Would you like to be the godfather of this little one?\" Panasonic's cassette deck mouth dropped open in shock, which earned amused chuckles from the other appliances and Najada. \"Y-you really mean that?\" Panasonic asked while Najada nodded at him with a smile. \"B-but why me?\" \"Simple. I trust you and Krystal enjoys your company.\" Krystal chirped at Panasonic then as if to agree. \"What do you say dear?\" Panasonic looked down in thought. Then he smiled up at Najada. \"I'd love to.\" Najada smiled right back at him. \"Good. I'm sure this little one will love you.\" Krystal was growing bored as the adults talked. She caught sight of Plugsy and crouched down. Lux laughed when he noticed \"Hey Plugsy! Better run!\" Plugsy gulped and immediately took off as the little dragon gave chase. Somehow Plugsy managed to climb up on top of Retro, who was extremely confused at how Plugsy did so. Then again it was incredibly cute at how Krystal chirped up at Plugsy with her front paws on Retro. Najada chuckled with an amused head shake. \"This kid is gonna bust me open like an egg!\" Plugsy whimpered as Krystal swatted at his hanging cord. Hamilton, the little hand mixer zoomed by. \"Hey Krystal! Can't catch me!\" Krystal turned her head as Hamilton rushed off. She squeaked and ran after him. Cordaline giggled and looked up at Najada \"You are so lucky to have such cute kids Najada!\" The dragon smiled and laid her head down \"Thank you dear. I hope you like new baby just as much.\" \"Oh I know we will!\" Cordaline grinned. \"You will be the one raising it after all.\" Tandy smiled. Najada returned it. \"Aye...and they will be just as lucky to have all of you in their life...\" she said softly before turning her head to look at her belly. Cordaline noticed the worried look on her expecting friends face and hopped closer to Najada before cuddling up against her. \"They'll be okay Najada. They made it this far right?\" Najada stared down at Cordaline for a full tense minute. \"...I know dear...I just can't help but worry.\" \"Najada. We know you're worried. But you've had four children since then and the chances of you having another miscarriage is 1 in a 1000 chance.\" Tandy reasoned. Najada's attention went right back to her belly. Cordaline frowned at her. \"Can I feel?\" She asked. Najada looked at her and nodded. Cordaline gently placed her small plug over Najada's baby bump. Her eyes sparkled in wonder and amazement when she felt a kick. \"Wooooow...\" Cordaline whispered. Najada couldn't help but chuckle at her friend. \"They like you already...\" Cordaline grinned happily. \"I can't wait for you to come little cutie! Your momma is the bestest, most kindest person I know. Er, dragon I know. And your sister is a lot of fun too! You're gonna love it out here!\" Najada smiled as Cordaline continued to talk with the baby. She looked over as Krystal trotted back into the room, tired from chasing Hamilton, and curled up between Monsieur Mixture, (a yellow food processor) and Ovenette, cuddling up to them. Najada's smile softened. Yes...she and her family were very lucky to know these appliances...they certainly were her most trusted friends. No...no not friends. Family...they were family. ","Summary":" Cutting Edge Vs. Mythical In their little humble home, 10 appliances were at rest. A TRS-80 compute"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Magnet's POV","Author":"Data Seeker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12699096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Magnet POV … The Magnet hovered over the junkyard from his crane, scowling. He slammed down on a pile of junk. Lifting up a large group of broken appliances, machines, and doodads, he carried it all to the conveyor belt leading to the trash compactor. There, it would be mashed in the jaws of the compactor to an efficient square of scrap. He dropped the junk down a chute and turned to seek a new pile. Before he could so much as found the next target, he came to an enforced stop. His systems were largely automatic, but someone had hit his off-button in another location. It could only mean that new material was arriving at the junkyard. He closed his eyes, concealing his intelligent nature, and then carefully peaked on the scene. Entering the junkyard was a garbage truck with, of course, more garbage. The Magnet stayed motionless. He knew the routine: he moved junk to the trash compactor to make space in the junkyard. His systems would shut down when garbage trucks arrived to insure their safety. The arriving trucks would bring more junk and then depart, leaving him to move once more and continue his job. The trunk dumped its contents on one of the large piles and departed. Magnet's systems reactivated. He resumed his job. He fumed as he slammed down on another pile. He hated his job; he hated his reason for existing. But he hated inaction more. He would do what he was designed to do. He dismantled four more piles in less than two minutes. He was arcing on his way to slam down on another when he noticed something. Some small appliances had jumped off the trash pile just he had just left. While that was unusual, Magnet refocused on the junk that was currently adhering to him and moved it to the conveyor belt. This junk stayed in place as it was carried to the trash compactor, and so was crushed. He went to another pile. And another. And another. Then he targeted a broken-down car that started singing a song about the end. The Magnet carried the car to the conveyor belt and dropped it. He headed to another car, which picked up the same melody. He could tell the car was attempting to escape, futilely. He slammed down on her and carried her to the conveyor belt. The cars in the whole Junkyard had broken into song, narrating their lives and how worthless they now were. The Magnet hated the silence that generally filled the junkyard, but this singing was worse. It evoked a feeling he didn't wish to experience: regret. His purpose was to destroy technology that had become worthless. It was bleak, making him feel like a villain. But to be left lying around worthless, slowly falling apart, wasn't really an improvement. In a way, he was doing all these cars and appliances a favor by putting them out of their misery. He then headed for a broken-down pickup truck on top of a wrecked bus. He was about to move it to the conveyor belt when the truck accelerated off the bus- not to escape, but to fall onto the conveyor belt. The Magnet glowered at the truck about to meet its doom. Though he hated his job, he hated being eluded more. His lingering revealed something unusual. The truck's car door opened and several small appliances jumped out. The Magnet paused, recalling that there was considerable movement in the junkyard within the last hour. It seemed that a group of appliances were in the Junkyard and still had the ability to move- and the motivation to avoid their demise. He headed towards them. His magnetic power drew their metal, along with more, and caught them. He moved toward the conveyor belt, ready to end them, but their voices rose up. One said something about a master which got the others excited and there was… joy in their voices. He dropped them on the conveyor belt. Normally, he would go to another pile, but he decided to observe this group. He suspected they wouldn't accept their doom so easily. The small machines- a toaster, vacuum, radio, blanket and a lamp- were almost at the trash compactor when they jumped off the conveyor belt and ran for it. For once, the Magnet found himself frustrated at his inability to express his full irritation. He wasn't going to let anything undermine his purpose. He searched and soon found them lying on the ground in plain view. He magnetically caught them and headed back to the conveyor belt. He thought it was odd how they were laying out in the open like that, but then dismissed the thought, ready to destroy them. He dropped them on conveyor belt, but this time he followed, ready to snatch them if they tried to escape. They appeared to be conversing with each other. He suspected they were plotting to escape again. They jumped off the belt and moved in different directions. The Magnet headed for the Toaster but then saw the vacuum cleaner head the opposite direction. He turned after it, but then saw the electric blanket crawl in the opposite direction. He hesitated, unsure who to follow first. He spun, torn by indecision. Then a new rage took him. They had eluded him. Unthinkable. He would find them. He looked around. He noticed two humans- a man and a woman- talking. They were clearly not garbage people, but mere scavengers. Irrelevant. He had a job to do. He spotted the appliances lying motionless again. He carefully approached them, ready to snatch them when the moment came. The vacuum cleaner opened one eye. \"Run!\" The appliances did so, dodging between large piles of garbage. The Magnet pursued them, knocking over piles of trash in the progress. They turned, and the Magnet followed, and- and he couldn't find them anywhere. The anger that surged through him amplified his magnetic nature, pulling trash all over his head. Fuming, he swung over the length of the conveyor belt and flung the junk all along it. He then hung above, examining the enforced procession. His eyes briefly noticed one of the humans- the male- also eying the junk that was carried past. The Magnet then spotted the toaster lying on the belt. He focused, ready to give chase if the Toaster attempted to escape. There came a voice from behind him: \"This looks just like my old blanket. I think it is my blanket.\" The Magnet turned and saw that the male human had removed the electric blanket from the conveyor belt. The human then exclaimed, \"And that's my radio,\" grabbing the radio off the belt. \"Hey, Chris. Oh. Alright, and the lamp.\" He took the lamp. \"Hey, Chris.\" The Magnet's eyes narrowed. He wasn't going to let some interloping human keep him from doing his job. He headed towards the human, his eyes vanishing so as to hide the true nature of technology. The human found the vacuum cleaner nearby. He carried it with his other stuff as the Magnet came above, magnetizing the appliances along with some of the stray junk in the area. \"Hey wait a minute!\" the human shouted, grabbing onto the vacuum cleaner's handle as the Magnet went up. \"These are mine, let go! Wo, wah!\" Foolish human, the Magnet thought to himself. A scavenger should know that the junkyard and its equipment were dangerous. He then moved right over the conveyor belt, closer to the trash compactor than usual. \"Let me down!\" the human shouted as the Magnet released his magnetic grip, dropping everything - and everyone - on the conveyor belt. The Magnet stayed nearby, semi-opening one of it' eyes, to make sure the appliances didn't escape. So far it seemed perfect. The human was buried under the junk and the appliances couldn't escape without revealing themselves to the human- an unbreakable rule for technology. \"Chris, help! Help!\" the human shouted desperately. Not far away from the trash compactor, the second human was nearby. \"Where are you? Rob?\" But the loud noise of the machinery kept her from identifying her companion's location. A few feet in front of the trapped human was a car, which got crushed. The human and the appliances were next. \"Chris!\" \"Where are you?\" The Magnet had mixed emotions. It turned out to be troubling, to see a human come to harm. But the appliances wouldn't escape. He was sure at least one got away, but he would look later. Better to focus on the now. The human male screamed as he was less than a foot away from the Trash Compactor smashing component, but a screeching sound suddenly filled the air and the trash compactor began to slow down. The smashing component came to a slow halt just above the trapped human's hand, letting out a hiss. The Magnet's fury blazed. But he didn't react. Not with humans nearby. How could this have happened? He was finally able to destroy these appliances and now the trash compactor was offline. ….. The Magnet fumed as he saw the two humans carried the appliances and some other scavenged junk to their car. He didn't go after them. There was no point. Without the trash compactor, he was worthless. He would stay worthless until the trash compactor was repaired. He watched the humans leave the junkyard in their car. As annoyed as he was, one thing puzzled him. The human male, for some strange reason, had gone over to the sprockets on the left side of the Trash compactor as if drawn by something. And there he had found the toaster, of all things. The toaster had clearly jumped between the trash compactor's gears to stop it from crushing the human and the others. The Magnet had seen tech resigned to their fate, and even some that sought out their doom. But this was different. He never saw tech willfully doom itself for others. The only thing more puzzling was the human rescuing the crushed toaster. Surely the human could get another toaster somewhere else. The Magnet hummed with weariness. Humans and technology could be so strange. … The End / Author Note. 1, I was bored and wanted to post another fic right away and decided to try a relatively simple/short fic and came up with this. 2, I wondered how the appliances escape the Magnet after Toaster's sacrifice- since the Magnet was never immobilized. Well not on-screen anyway. Then I got the idea that the Magnet gave up because without the trash compactor, there is no point in chasing them. I recently found a theory online that the Trash compactor and the Magnet might be part of the same system and they shutdown together. While interesting, I decided to go with my idea. 3, as for the Magnet's character, his only real traits are anger and devotion to his job. Even before Toaster and the others were eluding him, his eyes were narrowed in anger. What was he mad about? Wondering what could be going on in his head, I theorized that maybe he hate's his purpose. But like any appliance, he wants a purpose and so channels his anger into doing his job. 4, Many feel that the Magnet is scary and say that when they were kids, it gave them nightmares. I'm no exception. But while many say he is evil the way he sends wrecked cars to their death, few if anything is ever that simple. 5, I simplified the Junkyard segment where the cars broke into song because FF has a rule against using lyrics from a song. It's frustrating but rules exist for a reason. 6, Loopy777 Beta Read this fic for me. He suggested I do more. I decided to post it as it is. Maybe one day I'll remove it and replace it with an enhanced version. For now, I'm content with it as it is/ Well I hope you liked this fic. ","Summary":" Magnet POV … The Magnet hovered over the junkyard from his crane, scowling. He slammed down on a pi"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Outmoded","Author":"TANDY80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12761183","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Introducing Macintosh, It does all the things you'd expect a business computer to do. It does a lot of things you wouldn't expect a business computer to do; And it does some things that no other business computer has ever done before. Of course, to do all this, you will have to learn to to this:\" The advert then showed a closeup of a mouse with someone's hand on it, pressing the button. \"Macintosh: From Apple.\" It was January of 1984, The appliances were watching TV on Rabbit-Ears. Rob and his parents had been away for the past month for an extended vacation with his family. Most years, they ended up staying much longer than expected. Their family lived in a rural, mountainous area, causing blizzards and heavy snows, making for dangerous driving conditions. All of the appliances were huddled around an emergency kerosene heater and snuggled against each other for warmth, as the McGroarty family would leave their thermostat off to conserve energy. Despite all of the warmth, Tandy shivered briefly. Plugsy was leaning his back against Tandy and glanced at him and snorted. \"Don't tell me you still cold! You's always overheatin'!\" Tandy glanced around the room, trying to think of a cover-up. \"No, no. It's just...\" He looked at the window and saw that the curtains were open. \"I felt a draft. Someone should close the curtains, perhaps.\" Plugsy looked at the window, but he was too lazy to do anything about it. He looked at the two-headed vacuum, Lex and Lux. They were huddled up in a corner in the room. \"Ey, why don't you two close them curtains?\" Plugsy asked while gesturing to the window with his plug. Lex detached herself from Lux and went up to the window and wrapped her cord around the pull string and pulled the curtains down. \"Yikes! It's darker in here now!\" Plugsy said as he turned his light on. On the TV, a news broadcast began playing. It was a broadcast talking about the new Macintosh. It wasn't even a week since it's release, but crowds were flocking to buy their own Macintosh computers. The broadcast featured a demonstration of the Macintosh, with the handlers being very much impressed with how convenient it was. \"...And just look at this, folks. That display is so crisp, and so clear! With a simple press of a button, you can even create your own artwork with the MacPaint feature. This is truly a revolutionary device.\" Tandy hopped away from the group, heading to the door to get a newspaper that just came in through the mail slot. Due to leaning against Tandy, Plugsy fell to the ground, yelling at him. \"Ay, watch it, pal!\" Plugsy stood up and leaned against the sewing machine, Judy and Mindy, next to him. Judy and Mindy were already having a conversation with Cordaline Phone, but Plugsy stopped them in the middle of it. \"Psst, what's Tandy's problem?\" \"Beats me,\" Mindy said. Judy began to bicker with Mindy. \"What do you mean he has a problem? He's always like this!\" Mindy retaliated, \"Oh, you're such an airhead! You never notice when someone's got a problem! No wonder no one wants to be your pal!\" Judy gasped, \"Why, you pompous, lazy cow! Who's the one here who does all the work here? Not you!\" The two continued to argue with each other to the point where no one could tell what they were saying anymore. \"Girls, girls! Let's not start again!\" Cordaline spoke up. Judy and Mindy continued arguing, paying no mind to Cordaline. Cordaline sighed and hopped away from them to go to see Tandy. Tandy was quickly flipping through the newspaper to see if anything would catch his eye. Most newspaper stories had no interest to him, but he would still take a look anyway. Tandy stopped at a page, his eyes widening slightly in shock. It was an article titled \"Macintosh Shapes Up a Winner.\" \"I rarely get excited over a new computer. But Apple's Macintosh, officially introduced last Tuesday, has started a fever in Silicon Valley that's hard not to catch. My symptoms started when I talked with some devotees from Apple and the various companies that produce software, hardware and literature to enhance the new computer. By the time I got my hands on the little computer and its omni-present mouse, I was hooked. Apple has a winner.\" Tandy didn't realize that Cordaline was next to him, so he was startled by her suddenly speaking. \"Tandy! Whatchya readin'?\" Tandy quickly turned the page away from the article he was looking at, resuming his calm facade. \"Nothing. I'm just looking for something to read. It gets dreadfully boring here while the master is on vacation.\" Cordaline did get glimpse of the article Tandy was looking at, but she wasn't going to bring that up. She continued speaking in a cheerful manner. \"I hear you! It gets tiring just hearing Judy and Mindy run their mouths on a daily basis!\" Cordaline went on a very long spiel about Judy and Mindy, and she kept going on about different topics. Tandy kept flipping through the newspaper, seeming like he wasn't paying any mind to her. However, he actually listened to all she said. All the other appliances in the apartment learned by now that Tandy never ignores anyone, even if it looks like he is. All of the appliances returned to their posts to recharge for the night. Tandy had brought the newspaper with him to the desk to continue looking at the article on the new Macintosh. He read it over several times, trying to process what it all said. He could read the words, but he was having a hard time processing all of it, all because of stress. \"The main advantage of the Macintosh is that it's very easy to learn and use. Apple claims that novices can learn to use the Mac in as little as 30 minutes. The company is banking on the machine's simplicity and modest price to attract \"millions\" of users over the next few years.\" He was finishing up on reading it once again, when Cordaline came hopping into the office. Tandy looked down onto the floor while sliding the newspaper away with his plug. He was silent for a moment and spoke quietly, so he wouldn't wake the others up. \"You're up late.\" Cordaline spoke quietly as well, yet sounding ever cheerful. \"Speak for yourself!\" She hopped onto the desk chair, and then onto the desk. She wasn't sure if now would be an actual good time to talk to him, but she knew that it was a better time than ever to talk to him, since he didn't seem to have much distraction. Tandy questioned her motives for coming into the office at this time. Usually when one of the appliances did that, it was because they needed a favor from him. He spoke up to her after she hopped onto the desk. \"What brings you here, anyway?\" Cordaline tripped over her words. \"Well, I just needed to speak to you! I-I'm not sure if this is a good time, but I just wanted to let you know that I, uh... I actually like you a lot?\" Tandy's eyes widened in surprise. He couldn't speak from the feeling of anxiety in him. He was already anxious, but now this is adding another load to him. Cordaline panicked, but still tried to play it off cool. She bent her telephone circuit into a heart shape. \"You know? Like, as in love?\" Tandy sighed sorrowfully, with his expression shifting to a saddened look. \"Cordaline, you don't want to be with me.\" Cordaline spoke up more loudly by accident as Tandy quietly hushed at her to lower her tone, but she wouldn't quiet down. \"Yes I do! Do you think I would tell you that if I didn't?!\" Tandy continued to speak quietly. \"I know, I know. I am only trying to get you to reconsider, for your own sake.\" Cordaline sighed irritably and spoke quietly once again. \"What do you mean by that? You can just tell me if you don't feel the same way, you know! You don't have to try making me change my mind!\" Tandy wrapped his cord around the newspaper, picked it up, and set it in front of Cordaline to show her the article he was looking at. \"Just look at this.\" Cordaline quieted down for a moment and looked at the article and read the title and the first paragraph. She looked at Tandy again after reading it. \"The new Macintosh? What about it?\" Tandy turned the newspaper around so he could take a look at the article again himself and spoke in a hurried and panicked tone. \"And it's only the most cutting edge computer now. It can make art, Cordaline. Art. That's not in my programming! I can't even use a mouse, the absolute most basic part of a Macintosh!\" Cordaline looked around, thinking for a moment. She looked back at Tandy and spoke in a deeply confused tone. \"So, you think you're not good enough...?\" Tandy immediately replied. \"No, no, no! My point is, I could be replaced anytime. I don't want you to experience any heartache if I were to be thrown out.\" Cordaline's expression saddened. \"There's no way you'll be replaced, Tandy!\" Tandy slid the newspaper off the desk in frustration. \"There is, and I will be. You know TRS-80 Model III's like me were outmoded last year. And thanks to this Macintosh, I will be scrapped any moment now. Just watch, the master will come back with one as a late Christmas gift.\" Cordaline listened intently to Tandy's concerns and patted the top of him with her telephone circuit. \"You are useful! Even if you were replaced, I just know the master's son wouldn't allow you to be thrown away. He refuses to throw away useful things!\" Cordaline gave him a smile. \"Besides, if you do get thrown out, I'll jump into that dumpster with you. You're not going anywhere without me!\" Tandy let out a chuckle and a small smile. Even though he was still weighed down with worry, he felt better since he knew that there was someone who cared. Cordaline hopped closer to him and asked, \"So, what do you say about us being together?\" Tandy averted his gaze out of shyness, quickly glanced at her, and then looked away again. \"...Sure.\" Cordaline knew Tandy had a very difficult time expressing affection to anyone, so his answer was good enough for her. She wrapped her telephone circuit around his cord, somewhat like how humans hold hands. The rest of that night was spent in close proximity with each other, having soft-spoken conversations until one another was lulled into sleep. ","Summary":" \"Introducing Macintosh, It does all the things you'd expect a business computer to do. It does a l"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"The Babe Little Toaster","Author":"xXSmexGedditXx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13210016","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: The Plugs and the Sockets AN: His toast his hot like a babe (you'll geddit ;))). SO to Tara for the inspiration! The Brave little toaster was sitting and looking out of the window of his new modern apartment having just been fixed by the master. He always loved getting the masters attention because that meant that he was his favorite. The master was currently doing an interview for his college sp all of the appliances were home alone and could move around all they wantewd. It was good to be home where the master was. \"Hey toaster\" Radio said in his 50s announcer voice. \"Somethings wrong with Kirby. We have to go check on him in the closet\". Toaster was nervous. He didn't like being the leader when something was wrong with his friends. He used his little toasters feets to hop off of the window and to the closet where Kirby the Vacuum was in stoarge. Kirby was alwayas really salty. Probably because he didn't habe any arms. Kirby couged up some dust like he was sick which made toaster really nervous. He couldn't get sick, the master had just fixed him! He opened the closet door with a squeak and Kirby sat there looking like he had just cleaned up kitty litter. He doesn't DO kitty litter. Toaster nervously peaked in. \"Hey Kirby? You okay? I heard you were sick and thought I would check up on you\". Kirby looked at him with his mean vaccuum eyes. \"Yeah Toaster, I am sick. The master cleaned his room before he left this morning and it was real dusty under his bed. I need to be emptied\" Kirby said coughing again. Toaster didn't know what this meahnt and looked a him. \"Oh. So you're going to have to wait for the master to come home and clean you out?\" He said worried about how Kirby was feeling. Kirby continued \"The master could be gone all weekend. I might have to stay like this for days. You don't want me to suffer do you?\" Toaster looked nervkus. He wasnt getting the message. \"Toast, you gotta empy my bag, I'm all full up,\" Kirby problaimed. Toaster was nervous. He had never been in Kirbys bag before. Toaster laughed nervously. \"stop getting upset Toasty, I'd do it myself byt i don't have arms\" Klirby continued. \"You gotta do it, or else I'll huff and puff and blow everything all over the house.\" That frightened Toasty even more. He master would be upset if he came home ot a messy house. \"Alright, I'll do it,\" Toasty sed nercously. He was very nervous. He didn't want to climb into Kirby, but as the leader, he recognized it was his duty. Toasty hopped uyp and unzipped Kirby's bag, ready to clear it out. It was messy in there. Toasty coughed as the dust started to pour into the slots of his toaster parts. \"It's awfully dsuty in here Kirby, you should clean more often,\" Toasty remarked. \"I would, but I don't have arms, remember?\" Kirby angrily responded. Toasty got back to work, attempting to clear out Kirby's bag for him. It didnt look nearly full enough to be making Kirby spit out dust, it was only halfway filled. \"Something else must be causing him promblems\" Toaster thought out loud. Kirby couldn't understand him because Toaster was still in his bag. As Toaster looked around for what could be making Kirby sick he saw something moving in the piles of dirt. \"I didn't know that the master had any pets. It must have gotten suxkwd up in Kirbys bag last time he was cleaning the apartment\". Toaster wobbled over careful not to step on it. Toaster wiped away the dust from the moving clump and saw something shiny and metallic. What he saw was a small appliance like he had never seen before. It looked like a tiny toaster! But it was strang, it also had a tiny bag on his back like that of a vaccuum cleaner and the slot on top of its head looked like it sucked stuff rather than heated things up. Toaster was nervously shocked. He din't know what this meant and wanted an explanation. He climbed out of Kirbys bag holding the tiny pouched toaster and showed it to Kirby. \"I found this in the bag\" the confused little toaster said with suspicion. Kirby looked much better now but also very guilty. \"Oh toaster, I knew this would happen.\" Kirby the vaccum said sadly. \"Knew what would happen?\" Tasoter said even more confused. \"Toaster, when two appliances get very close to each other, sometimes their love can cause a new appliance to form between them,\" Kirby began to explain. \"The bond we shared through our adventures to reunite with the master must have breated this beauty.\" \"But how can that be?\" Toaster exclaimed \"I thought you were a boy vaccuum!\" He exclaimed! \"What did you want to be a gay?\" Kirby said looking angry and happy at the same time. \"We have a ababy now Toaster! This is really special!' Kirby plugged himself in and zoomed over to meet his new baby. But Toaster was still confused \"Well what is it? It looks like a toaster but also a vaccuum. Look, he has a bag just like yours\" \"He's ours, and he's perfect,\" Kirby said sweetly. \"He's so adorable.\" Toaster didn't want to admit it, but the more he looked at his child, the more he began to feeel a warm feeling within him. He didn't want to say it, but he felt happy looking at his son, and proud to know that he helped bring this beautiful appliance into the world. Toaster Hopped into the kitchen with his new son to tell the other kitchen appliances the good news. \"Hey guess what everybody. Kirby and I have a son! I just delivered him int the hall closet!\" Most of the appliabnces looked thrilled at the good news but Lampy, who was hanging out with the faucet, looked appalled. \"Holy mother of edison! Whats the master going to say when he comes home and sees that?\". Toaster frowned. He hadn't thought what master would say about his new bundle of joy. \"Lampy!\" Blanket cried out slithering in from the bedroom.\"Thats not a very nice thing to say! The master loves all of us\" but Lamoy wasn't convincved. \"But thats because the rest of us are useful. What is that thing and what does it do?\" Toaster looked down as the squiggly little toaster baby. Lamp was sort of right. What was the master going to do about a littkle toastre with a vaccuum bag attatched to it? Toaster sadly wobbled back into the living room feeling disappointed all over again. Kirby looked concerened. \"What's wrong? Don't they like our child?\" She said. \"No\" Toaster replied. \"They are all worried about what the master will think about him. They don't think the master will let us keep him. Kirby gasped in horror. \"No! You don't think …\" she trailed off. The toaster nodded sadly and looked nervous about how to break this to his sweet, gentle Kirby. \"I think we might have to give him up for adoption\" He said. Kirby pretended not to care but was secretly depressed about the thought of giving up the child vaccuum. He was going to be named Dustyn, after Kirby's father. Toaster went back to the kitched to grab a piece of bread to taost while he thought things over. The sad couple (well not couple because they werent dating) said their goodbyes and prepared to give up Dustyn. The modern appliances knew just what to do. When the baby was brought up to the windowsill they threw him out into the dumpster below just like they did when they were jealous of the old appliacnces. Dustyn was then carried away to Ernies Disposal junkyard where maybe he would be given a new home but would proably be taken care of by rhe junkyard crusher Toaster and Kirby were sad but they knew it was for the best. \"I need a smoke,\" Toaster said sadly, after having to get rid of his child. He grabbed anoter piece of toast and sat out on the window-sill. Overlooking Ernier's disposal, and thinking of his little Dustyn, Toaster sat a piece of bread in his toasty bits and began to burn it. He let out a single tear as he thought of the things htat had happened today. But only one tear because he iddnt want to short circuit himself.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: A Mistress for the Master AN: Time for chapter 2 you guys! Hits one takes place after the dsecond movie, The Bracve Little Toaster to the Resuce, and it focuss on the wedding. Hope you guys enjoy and can't wait for chapter 3 to come out! Thats when the plot is really going to get OUT OF THIS WORLD (geddit? ;))) The Master has just graduated from college and propsed to his girlfriend with a boys name Chris. All the appliances thought that it might be short for Christine but they weren't sure. It was now time for their wedding and weveryone was exictied. Toaster was nervous though. It wasn't his wedding but he wanted the master to be happy and didnt know if Chris would make him happy. She tried to vacuum up kitty litter with Kirby once and he doesnt DO kitty litter. He saw Chris in her wedding dress. The dress was pretty but he thought she was kinda fat. She might be preganant, maybe thats why they were getting married Toaster thought. Sometimes he could hear them in the apartment at night and it made him so jealous. He remembered when the masters night time fun was all for him. He went out and toasted some toast before the ceremony started to calm his nerves. The synagogue was bursting with energy fromn the animeals and appliances. Everyone was taking their seats with all the animal friends in the front. They even moved the supercomputer from the museum so he could witness it. Toaster was nervous. He was the best man. The master saved the best job for his favorite appliance. For his best man speech he was going to recount all the times he made toast for the master before school. Kirby was going to be the ring bearer and Blanky was going to be the flower girl. Radio was going to play the bridal music through his radio face nd lampy didnt have any job to do. He felt a little left out but he knew Master wouldnt exclude him on prupose. Everyone went quiet as the wedding started. Chris walked down the isle being led by Sebastian the monkey because she had no father to take her. The Master just smiled at her making toaster feel even more jealous. He wanted to go have another slice of bread to smoke but he couldnt get up mid ceremony even if he didnt approve of the wedding. \"Yarmul-kiss the bride\" said the Rabbi. And so they did. Toaster was nervous and already felt like he was being replaced as the masters sidekick. When suddenly …. He heard a gasp from the altar! They went to stomp on the wine glass to make it official but there was nothing three, only the floor. The catering staff ran around trying to help but they couldn't. They were out of wine glasses! They couldn't finish the wedding without the glass and everyone started to panic. In a moment of bravery lampy jumped from his place int the audience and onto the altar underneath the masters feet. At first the master looked horrified but realized what had to be done. He stomped on Lampy hard until his bulb broke with a sickening crunch. Lampy cried and whether or not it was from pain or joy was unknown. Maisie the cat covered her kittens eyes Lampy had sacrificed himself so the master could officially get married. It was now that Toaster knew what a beautiful ceremony it was. He wiped away his own tears. They had his blessing becasue his friend gave up his own life for it so they must be worth it. 2 weeks later they were packing up thre apartment. Everyone missed Lampy. The master had packed away the crushed limp corpse of the lamp into a box unwilling to let his friend go. Maybe they would bury him at the old house which they were moving back into. Toaster was nervous knowing that that was in the house. He had been toasting more and more, going through a whole half a loaf of bread a day burnt to a crisp. He had just been so on edge. Then suddenly Chris walked in. \" Master?\" she said looking for her new husband. He walked ni from the other room. He eyes were red like he was also sad and crying about his dead lamp. Chris didnt look sad. What a toatal B. Toaster was mad but nervous about what she wanted. She didnt say anything but took out a box from behind her box. \"Oh, is that another wedding presetn?\" he said taking it from her. His face was so surprised when he opened it. It was a new lightbulb! He ran to the box where lampy was and unpacked him. You could see where the stomp marks still were but the master didnt care. He hurriedly screwed in the new lightbulb and Lampy came back to life. Both of thier faces lit up in joy. Toaster now thought that Chris was nice and would make a good wife and wasnt fat. \"You to have seen death\" radio said all sad. Radio was never the same ever since he had to give up his tube to save Wittgenstein. It wasn't until the replacement came in from Nome, Alaska that he was repaired. Ever since, he'd talk about how he'd seen the other side, and how it changed him. He was kind of a downer now. \"It was ok, I just couldn't see without my bulb. And i'm only a little dented. Someone should have plugged me in so I could tell you I was okay!\" Lampy said cheerily. He didn't seem too sad that he was left in a box for 2 weeks. Radio drooped a little feeling lonely because he was the only one who had died. \"I'm so sorry we had to hurt you Lampy, but without any galsses, we couldn't have finished the wedding,\" the Master said sadly. \"Thats okay, master! I would do anything to make your special day run smoothly. Even give up my own life!\" He said making a joke because like he just said je was fine. \"We're glad to see that you're ok!\" Chris said gladly. Chris was part of the family now, so she cared for all of the papliances as much as the Master. \"Than you Crhis, I thouht you wouldn't be good for MAster, but I now know that your very nice,\" Lampy said nicely. They all laughed togehter and finished packing. Toaster was nervous to move back to the old house, but he was excited to see all of his friends at the old house. They finished packing up and everyone got in the car to go and start their new lives at their old house. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: The Plugs and the Sockets AN: His toast his hot like a babe (you'll geddit ;))). SO to T"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Little Lightning","Author":"Lostinawhisper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12747401","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Fearless Baby Sweetie was a few feet away from the mansion, in her full tower crane height, helping out by making the area less intimidating, by planting several large flower trees...that is until she felt something bump into her rather fast and hard. She looked over and saw...a little magnet? He was gold in color and was looking up at her with cute, red eyes. The magnet smiled at her and squealed happily! Sweetie noticed that this magnet was only a baby and a cute one at that. \"Well, hello little guys, where'd you come from?\" Sweetie asked \"Lightning!\" called a deep, but familiar male voice Sweetie looked up and saw that it was Shadow and Buttercup was not far behind him Shadow nudged, what Sweetie assumed was their son , saying \"How many times do I need to tell you, don't wander off like that?\" \"Oh hi Shadow, Buttercup, is this your little boy?\" Sweetie asked, looking at Lightning who was was still looking up at her \"Yes, this is Lightning and he seems interested in you, Sweetie,\" Buttercup told her \"Then again, this fearless little guys always wants to know everything for himself.\" Just as she said that, Lightning wheeled over to one of the trees and despite not having teeth yet, starting grabbing the flowers with his lips and started swallowing them down without any trouble. Shadow just laughed \"And he's a quick learner, but at least he hasn't tried eating meat yet. He'll need teeth for that or might hurt himself trying.\" \"And he sure is cute.\" Sweetie responded, smiling with her claws Lightning quickly wheeled over and licked Sweetie on the face for that compliment, then went back to eating the tree flowers. The young magnet was not to go unnoticed for long though. Windy and Blenny soon found their way outside, with Elizabeth following close behind. Lightning saw them too and squealed happily at them, Windy squeaking back at him. Blenny looked to Elizabeth \"Aunt Lizzy, why is there a little magnet here?\" \"That, I don't know.\" Elizabeth responded, just as confused \"That's our son, Lightning and he wandered over here, being nosey.\" Buttercup brought up \"I'm sure he just wanted to explore.\" Sweetie brought up \"That and he almost always wants to play, which is why he bumped into you, Sweetie,\" Shadow told her, \"He does that to me all time, since I'm his playmate, since it would be for his mother since she has to feed him.\" \"He's a free spirit then.\" Sweetie responded, lightly petting Lightning, noticing he was somewhat squishy like a real baby, but would probably harden quickly. Elizabeth then watched Blenny and Windy playing with Lightning, the three of them looking like they were playing tag, Lightning using his nose to tag them since he lacked a chord. His parents noticed this too and decided to let them play as long as they were supervised, so no one got hurt. Sweetie and Elizabeth couldn't help but agree, that was probably the cutest thing that they could've seen: three silly babies at play, all getting along too. They kept going until Lightning got hungry and went off with his mother in private to be fed, while the others waited for their new friend to return. To be continued... Thank you, Lampi01, for letting e use your characters[Chapter 2] Young Love After being fed, Lightning was ready to go back to play with his new friends. However, when he was heading back, he heard what sounded like...giggling? Lightning stopped when he heard that and looked to where he heard the strange noise. He looked to a patch of thick trees and saw pair of purple eyes staring right at him. He blinked a couple times, then saw what was in there, a young tawny colored she-magnet that looked about his age. She giggled again, even though it looked like she didn't have a mouth. For the first time, Lightning actually got shy and hid behind his mother. Buttercup looked up and saw the second baby magnet and giggled \"Oh, Lightning, she wants to be your friend.\" The second magnet wheeled over, a cheery expression on her face, while Lightning continued to hide from her. Buttercup looked over at her son, hiding behind her \"Aren't you going to play with her?\" Lightning lowered and shook his head at her. \"Oh, you're not afraid of her, are you?\" Buttercup asked him Lightning looked firm and shook his head again, trying to act brave now. \"Then go ahead and play.\" Buttercup told him and nudged her son towards the second magnet baby. Lightning looked at his mother, then at the stranger and wheeled over to here, looking at her with a confused look on his face. The tawny she-magnet baby squealed and started jumping and wheel around him, being super playful towards him. Eventually, Lightning caught on and started to play with her, squealing himself. Windy and Blenny found the two baby magnets and started to play with them, too, resuming in their game of tag they were playing earlier. A little ways away, Prince watched them, and remembered his time with his dad and young crane friends and he missed his old home. He went off to talk with Executor, relieved that he understood, and left to go back to the woods. Sweetie noticed that Prince was leaving and wheeled to her father \"Where's Prince going, dad?\" \"He's going back to his real father. He misses him and figured he should go back to him now that he isn't a jerk anymore.\" Executor explained Sweetie sighed \"I understand...I will miss him. He was such a nice crane.\" \"He sure was. I'm sure he'll love visits from you at times though.\" Executor told her \"Can do!\" Sweetie exclaimed All the babies eventually started to tire out and stopped playing. Eventually a voice called out \"Melinda!\" , which everyone figured that was the name of the new magnet that came to play. Lightning gave her a little lick, then Melinda giggled and left. Shadow wheeled over next his wife \"Ah, young love. It sure is sweet isn't it.\" \"It sure is, my handsome devil.\" Buttercup responded, nuzzling into Shadow's neck, him giving her a kiss in return. Eventually, Lightning heard something else, and once again his curiosity got the best of him and he wheeled off to find out what it was, his parents following close behind, making sure he didn't get into trouble this time. What could have Lightning heard this time? Will it be trouble or a miracle to happen? To be continued…. Once again, thanks Lamp01 for letting me use your characters. ","Summary":" A Fearless Baby Sweetie was a few feet away from the mansion, in her full tower crane height, helpi"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"A Hand in the Lay of the Land","Author":"TANDY80","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12742059","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kenneth had been packing up for his big day, he was finally moving onto college. His mind raced with so many different feelings, ranging from the excitement that he was finally going to be an independent adult, and the anxiety and worry from the idea of not being able to go through with living on his own. Kenneth closed up his suit cases and made a quick run to his full-length mirror, grabbing his jacket and putting it on. He made one final glance at himself in the mirror, running his fingers through his hair to make sure once more that he looked appropriate for his arrival at college. He then grabbed a couple of suit cases and rushed out of his room, almost bumping into his father. He put a hand on Kenneth's shoulder to make him slow down, laughing at his son's eagerness. \"Careful, son! What's the hurry for?\" Kenneth laughed nervously, glancing at his father and looking away nervously, sounding rather irate when he spoke up. \"Oh, sorry, Pops! You know I've been a bit nervous about this day!\" He paused and gestured toward his room, \"Mind helping me carry the rest of my luggage?\" Kenneth ran down the staircase, with his father eventually following him very slowly, but surely. Kenneth and his father went to the garage, beginning to load his luggage up into the car. Kenneth felt around his pockets, looking for the keys to the car, but he could not find them. He stopped, looking at his father with concern. \"Pa, did you happen to see the key to the car in my room?\" Kenneth's father shook his head. \"I did not.\" Kenneth made a groan out of annoyance and stepped up to the door, calling out to his mother from the garage. \"Ma, do you know where the key is?\" While he was doing this, Kenneth's father was watching him and smirking in a sneaky manner. \"Just a second, dear!\" Kenneth's mother called out. Minutes later, she went into the garage. Kenneth looked at his mother, immediate raising the question: \"Did you find the key?\" \"I did,\" said his mother. She tossed the key to him. After holding the key for a few seconds, Kenneth closely inspected the key. He gave his mother a disgruntled look. \"This isn't the key to the car!\" His mother spoke as she walked up to the garage door, starting to open it up. \"Well, it's indeed the key to your car!\" Kenneth couldn't believe his eyes. Outside the garage was a pristine, brand new yellow Volkswagen Beetle. He ran out of breath due to excitement, and then took a deep breath. \"Is that really mine?!\" His father laid a hand on his shoulder. \"It's all your's!\" His mother hugged him from the side. \"We put together a lot of money just so we could buy your dream car.\" Kenneth hugged his parents tightly, kissing their cheeks. \"Thank you guys so much!\" He took his luggage from the other car and loaded it into his new Beetle. After closing up the trunk, he looked at his car for a moment and gently stroked the shining exterior. \"It sure is a beauty.\" He hopped into the driver's seat of the car, looking at his parents with a melancholic expression and waving goodbye at them. He then drove off, finally beginning his life as an independent adult.[Chapter 2] It was one of the last days of class before spring break at Kenneth's college. On his way out of class on Thursday afternoon, his new friend Joey, a sophomore in college, approached him and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, shaking him playfully. \"Hey Kenny! Did you get my invitation?\" Kenneth sighed, rolling his eyes and shaking Joey's arm off of him. \"The party is tomorrow, and I was going to-\" Joey interrupted Kenneth, beginning to sound antagonistic. \"What? Going to miss out on this opportunity to go to your first college party, hosted by yours truly?\" Kenneth shook his head nervously. \"No! It's not like that. You see, I was going to take tomorrow off to pack up and get rested for my trip to my parents' on Saturday.\" Joey placed his hand on Kenneth's shoulder and turned him around so they could look face-to-face. \"Kenny, it's only been a few months since you saw them! Do you think they really miss you that much?\" Kenneth looked down, looking rather ashamed as Joey kept speaking. \"Look, you're gonna have time to visit them during the break.\" Kenneth began to walk away from Joey. \"I'll think on it, okay?\" Joey nodded, making a call-me hand sign. \"Whatever, call me if you change your mind.\" Back at his apartment, Kenneth was tidying up his dorm. Picking up some clothes off of his floor, he spotted the invitation to the party he received. He stared at the invitation for a moment before walking away and putting his clothes in a basket. He walked back to the invitation and picked it up, opening it and examining it. The party would last for a very long time, long into the night. He thought it can't be that bad, can it? Just one late-night party, that's all. Kenneth looked at his telephone, and glanced at his invitation once more. He got up and began dialing Joey's phone number. After a few rings, Joey picked up. Kenneth spoke up with some confidence. \"Hey, Joey! It's Kenneth. Yeah, I just wanted to let you know I will be at the party.\" Joey laughed gleefully. \"I knew you wouldn't pass it up! See you at seven?\" Kenneth nodded. \"Yeah, man, I'll be there! See you!\" Kenneth hung up the phone, walking away from it. He stopped and looked back at his phone, contemplating if he should tell his parents about the delay. He shook his head. He figured he could pretend that spring break actually started later than expected. On Friday night, Kenneth stood in front of his bathroom mirror, slipping on his favorite striped sweater, then tugging it down to get rid of the wrinkles. He grabbed a bottle of expensive cologne and sprayed it on his neck, and wrists, then put it down to start rubbing it into his wrists. He raised one of his wrists to get a whiff of the cologne, nodding to himself in approval. He took his comb, applied some hair gel to it, and slicked his hair to the side. After getting his hair done just right, he took one more look at himself in the mirror to make sure he looked decent. Kenneth walked out of the bathroom and grabbed his keys and wallet off of his desk, and opened the door, walking out and locking it before leaving. He walked outside and unlocked his car and sat down inside. The car knew that Kenneth leaving on this night was wrong. She knew he had an important road trip coming up. Kenneth put the keys in the ignition and tried to start up the car, but the car failed to start up. He let out a sigh and tried starting it up again, but to no avail. He tried once again, and it still failed to start up. He then hit the steering wheel in frustration. \"Come on, Sal! You can't fail me now!\" Never did the car want to fail her master. On the fourth attempt to start up, she then allowed her engine to start. Kenneth let out a sigh of relief and buckled in his seatbelt, and began his departure. Kenneth arrived at the site of the party. It was rather a struggle to find, as it was the house of one of Joey's friends. Kenneth parked the car and got out, locking it and going into the house. After the time passed and it seemed all the guests arrived and when inside, there was a voice heard somewhere. \"Psst.\" The car opened an eye slightly, glancing around to see who was speaking, and most importantly, making sure it wasn't a human. The voice started sounding more irritated since she didn't notice him. \"Psst! Hey, buggy!\" The car then opened both eyes, seeing a red Pontiac Bonneville parked in front of her. She spoke quietly, looking at him with a confused expression. \"You...You're talking to me, yeah?\" The Pontiac started sounding more relaxed. \"Yeah, you're new here, aren't ya?\" The car nodded. \"I've never been to this place. What is this?\" He laughed teasingly. \"Hah! Welcome to the club then, bug!\" She looked rather offended by his teasing. \"What club? And don't you call me bug! Or buggy, for that matter!\" He continued to talk in a rather teasing manner, since he knew that not many cars received names. \"Oh? I suppose you have a name then?\" Her tone started sounding rather agitated. \"Well! My master calls me Sal sometimes!\" He nodded, cutting out his laughter at her. \"My master calls me Tony.\" Sal continued speaking to Tony in an agitated manner. \"Okay then, Tony. Where am I? And what did my master just get into? I have a horrible feeling about this.\" Tony laughed once again. \"Oh gosh, you really are new! You better have a bad feeling about this. You won't be seeing the man until dawn!\" Sal looked very much terrified at this. \"What do you mean? What's gonna happen to him?\" Tony sighed to make himself stop laughing. \"Y'see, my master throws a party here every spring break. The few people who don't leave the party early stay there until morning!\" Sal seemed to be slightly more relieved knowing that Kenneth will come back at some point, but she worried what would make Kenneth stay so long at a party. She spoke in a dead serious tone. \"You heard my question. What is happening to him?\" Kenneth wandered around the place, looking for Joey. He peaked around an entryway and caught sight of him talking to some other friends. Kenneth waved enthusiastically. \"Hey, Joey!\" Joey looked at Kenneth and waved back, starting to approach him. \"Hey, man!\" One of Joey's friends grabbed him by the arm and pulled him back to whisper at him. \"You let a freshman join in?!\" Joey pushed his friend away. \"Relax, he's cool.\" Joey walked up to Kenneth and spoke in a joking manner, nudging him teasingly. \"I thought you were gonna be here at seven!\" Kenneth chuckled. \"I was having some problems with the car, you know? Then trying to find this place was another story.\" Joey started leading Kenneth to where the refreshment tables. \"Yeah, yeah. Bet you're parched after that long drive, huh?\" Kenneth looked at the cooler. \"Yeah, a drink would be nice.\" He then started rummaging through it, only to find nothing but alcoholic beverages. He turned to Joey and asked, seeming exasperated. \"Jo, there's only Black Label in here!\" Joey reached into the cooler to get a can for himself and popped it open, then took a sip and looked at Kenneth nonchalantly. \"What, you never had booze before?\" Kenneth sighed. \"I can't have any of that! I'm too young, remember?\" Joey scoffed and smirked at Kenneth. \"Look Kenny, I don't think having a can or two will have the police chasin' after ya. These kinds of experiences are essential in life.\" Kenneth looked down nervously. \"But, my parents-\" Joey put a can in Kenneth's hand. \"What about 'em? They're not gonna know!\" Kenneth looked at Joey and then the can. He sighed and opened it and began drinking it down, cringing a lot from the taste. However, he found himself feeling much more calm and easygoing, so he continued to drink several. Tony had begun speaking more calmly to Sal to try keeping her from being startled more. \"Some stuff people drink at parties will leave them totally buzzed. They can either leave while being unable to drive safely, or they can wait until the next day. They will still be disoriented, but what can you do?\" Sal groaned in nervousness. \"I really don't want him to drive in such a condition!\" Tony made extremely direct eye contact with her. \"Don't let him. I don't care what the circumstances are. Do not let him!\" \"What will happen if I do?\" Sal questioned. Tony averted his gaze, looking more sorrowful. \"Y'see buggy, I'll just tell you I'm the third car my master has owned.\" Sal and Tony continued talking long into the night, Tony being glad to try putting her worries to rest. In the morning, Kenneth stumbled out of the house, struggling with balance and rubbing his forehead. He unlocked and opened the car door, slowly sitting down inside and dozing off a bit. He shook himself awake and started up the car and began heading back to the campus. The ride back was rather wobbly, but Sal did everything in her power to keep Kenneth from getting into a wreck. Eventually, they successfully arrived at the campus. Kenneth entered his dorm room and started to head for his bed, but was suddenly alarmed by the sound of his phone ringing. He picked up the phone, speaking in a groggy voice. \"Hello?\" His mother was on the other side of the phone. \"Kenneth! I've tried to call you all morning, you had me worried!\" Kenneth rubbed his face in annoyance. \"I'm sorry, Ma. I suppose you're asking if I'm coming today?\" His mom sounded a bit calmer. \"Yes, are you going to? Kenneth sighed. \"I can't, Ma. I meant to let you know that I was misinformed, spring break starts next week.\" His mom spoke strictly. \"You promise you'll be here next week, then?\" \"Yes mom, I promise. You don't have to worry, okay? Love you.\" Kenneth hung up the phone and laid down on his bed and sighed, wondering why he tried making such a stupid move. ","Summary":" Kenneth had been packing up for his big day, he was finally moving onto college. His mind raced wit"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Still Real","Author":"MinxxMama","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12439408","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Still Real Disclaimer: Real Steel and its characters are the sole property of Dreamworks, I'm only borrowing them. Bailey's P.O.V.: What's wrong with me? I let him creep into my bed in the middle of the night! Not that him coming home in the middle of the night is all that unusual, him climbing into my bed isn't either. It's the way he did it: he didn't get under the covers, he didn't get undressed and he didn't even try to seduce me. I know I told him I was done, but it was like all he was looking for was a little comfort; I just couldn't push him away. So now I've been sitting here since just before dawn, wondering why Charlies' here without Max, what happened that he needed comfort and reassurance? So he walks out looking depressed and beat up, literally, trying to convince me that leaving Max with his aunt and uncle is for the best. \"Did you not see the way he looked at you? Charlie, that's the way I looked at my dad. Even now I'd give anything to have that back.\" He tries to dodge the issue by telling me how special my dad was (which he was ), how he's already messed up too much and that he wouldn't know where to start making it up to Max. I remind him that he does know and comprehension dawns. I shouldn't let him kiss me, I shouldn't have kissed him back but I can't say no to Charlie, especially a Charlie who's about to do the right thing. \"I gotta go.\" \"Twelve hundred miles for a kiss?\" \"Worth it.\" He wipes the tear from my face. \"Worth it.\" \"Go get him, Charlie.\" \"You sound like your dad.\" Best compliment ever. Fifth round and Atom doesn't look good. Charlie doesn't put on the headset, he – he's using the shadow boxing mode. That's it Charlie, wait him out, just a little longer. Now! 'He was toying with him. Charlie was dancing with him. Charlie was floating inches off the canvas that night, he was like a ghost; couldn't even see him. But I could, he was beautiful.' This is the man Charlie was meant to be, a fighter. Not just a boxer, but a man who will fight for what and who he wants. You did this Max, you gave him back himself, you amazing little boy. Bell rings, end of match, I duck the security guy, throw my arms around Charlie and kiss him hard. \"Hey.\" I push him back into the ring. I can't see for the tears; they lost the match but there he is with Max on his shoulder, arms in the air, turning this defeat into a victory. This is my Charlie, the Charlie I practically grew up with, the Charlie I… love! Yes, no matter what, I will always love Charlie Kenton. Charlie's P.O.V.: \"Are you kidding me with those eyes?\" I wonder if this is how Bailey felt every time I pulled the same thing on her? \"Dammit. Can't believe I'm doing this.\" The bell rings, it's over. Suddenly Bailey is in my arms and kissing me like, like she's proud of me. \"Hey.\" Then she pushes me into the ring to hear the decision. \"People's Champion? Sounds pretty good to me!\" Damn that boy's amazing! We lost and it just doesn't bother him. \"Dad?\" Wait did he…? \"Dad?\" He's never called me that before. \"Where's my Dad?\" Say something, stupid! \"Max! Max, Max.\" \"Dad!\" He wraps his arms around me and I hold him tight. God I love this kid. I love my son! \"Max, I really want you to know – no – I need you to know…\" Stop making stupid faces at him and say it, you idiot. \"I–\" \"It's OK, your secret's safe with me.\" That's when I know, I can't just let Max go off with his aunt and uncle without a fight! Not gonna do anything stupid, but I gotta make things right, for Max and with Bailey. Max looks so disappointed when Debra and Marvin meet up with us. \"Do I have to go?\" even Bailey is wondering what I'm going to do. I must have gotten that stubborn look on my face because Debra starts in. \"You're not going to fight us on this, are you Charlie?\" but she doesn't seem as fierce as that day in the courtroom, she seems expectant. \"I know you said just one night, but I'm going to get my life straight, then I'm going to ask. But if I have to, I will fight you for Max.\" Surprisingly Debra nods, as if I've passed some kind of test. Max goes back to New York with his aunt and uncle, Bailey went back to the gym and I'm on my way back too, but with a few promo stops along the way; should take about a week and a half. Perfect, the gift I'm having made for Bailey will be ready by then. I just hope she accepts it. I manage to talk Debra into letting Max stay with me for the last half of my trip home plus a couple days after. \"School starts in seven days, have him back by Friday.\" Max probably had more to do with it than my powers of persuasion. I wanted him to meet some of the people who had made him and Atom 'The People's Champion'. It's amazing, from little kids to adults, everyone wants his autograph and picture. \"So what are we going to do now that we're back in Detroit? Are we going back to the gym?\" \"We have an interview with a local TV station. Then we'll pick up the present I ordered for Bailey.\" \"Is it a ring?\" he looks excited. \"A-a-?\" there I go again, stammering and making stupid faces. \"For when you ask her to marry you.\" Now he seems exasperated. \"You are going to ask her to marry you, right?\" he's glaring at me with an overdramatically significant look. Well, so much for worrying how Max would feel about it. \"Of course, but-\" \"Then you're going to need a ring. We'll go get one after the interview.\" \"So, what are your plans for the future?\" \"Well, Max here, the brains of the operation, will be going back to school.\" all three of us chuckled at that. \"Atom will spend some quality time with our absolutely brilliant mechanic, and I'm going to see about a partnership.\" The interview doesn't last much longer; I'm not real good at this. We manage to get home just before dawn and Max helps me set up Bailey's gift, a huge sign that reads: Tallet's Gym Official Home of The Peoples Champion: Atom \"I figure it'll bring in some tourist traffic and hopefully someone else will realize Bailey's talent for fixing 'bots.\" \"And maybe a few owners will want you to teach their 'bots to box? What better place than here? She's the one you want to be your partner, isn't she?\" \"Are you OK with that?\" \"Come on Dad, she's one of the best things about you.\" \"Yeah she is. I want to do this first though, so don't go getting pushy about asking her to marry me. OK?\" \"OK, as long as you do it before I go back to New York.\" \"I'll ask her when I'm ready.\" \" Before I go back to New York, Charlie.\" \"Oh so now it's back to calling me 'Charlie'? What happened to 'Dad'?\" \"'Dad' listens to me; 'Charlie' argues with me and usually loses.\" Dammit! I couldn't disagree with that, the kid was right. Then I realize that I'm fighting the wrong fight. \"Before you go back to New York, Max. I promise.\" I go upstairs to wake Bailey; she's already awake and in her bathroom showering. I sit on her bed and wait for her, I'm pretty sure I'd get a pleasant homecoming if I went in and joined her but I don't want her to think I'm trying to distract her, especially as I've done it in the past. When she comes out of the bathroom she smiles and comes right to me, no hesitation. I hold her close and don't even try to kiss her; I want to do this right. Not let sex get in the way (no matter how much I'd like to). \"Come downstairs, we've got a surprise for you.\" \"A surprise?\" \"Yeah, did you see our interview last night?\" \"Of course, you only told me about it three times.\" I smile at her sheepishly, at least I was trying for sheepish; something tells me it was a little too smug for that. \"A partner, huh? You haven't mentioned that before.\" We get to the bottom of the stairs and I turn her to face the sign. Max bless his heart, has positioned Atom right under it. \"You want me to be your partner?\" I tell her all the reasons Max and I had already discussed. \"I don't want you to ever again be in a position where you might lose the gym.\" She looks from me to Max, who's looking as smug as only a nine – no – eleven year old con-artist can look. \"So? What do you say?\" Her expression changes several times, I can't follow all of them but then a mix of satisfaction and determination settles on her face and she smiles at me, \"Yes Charlie. Yes we can be partners.\" She holds her arms out to Max, then wraps us both in a tight hug. There are tears in her eyes, but this is not like last time when she thought I was teasing her about driving twelve hundred miles for a kiss being worth it. These tears are because she's happy, because she's happy with me, because I did this right. It's after dinner and the three of us are relaxing after a day spent discussing plans for the gym and strategies for our future. Max is giving me that significant glare again, I look at him like 'are you sure?' and he nods. Kid's a damn good manager, I'd be a fool to ignore his advice; and I'm done being the fool. \"Bails, there's something else I need to talk to you about…\" the stammering and stupid faces start up again. I look at Max and he just gives me this proud and confident smile. He believes in me, I don't know why, but he does. I take the ring box out of my pocket, open it and show it to her. \"Bailey Tallet, will you marry me?\" Stunned silence and a blank face are all I get from her. I panic and start babbling. \"Hell, Bailey you don't have to marry me, just don't push me away. Don-don't make me leave again.\" I stop for a second, this is harder than I thought but I have to tell her this. \"It took me awhile, I know I'm a bit slow, but I realized that when you told me you were done, that was the worst thing that had ever happened to me. I had hurt you so much for so long, that you didn't want me around anymore. God I missed you, and the whole time I was gone I still couldn't tell you. That's over. Whether you marry me or not, I love you Bailey Tallet and I always will.\" She puts her hand over my mouth, a big smile on her face and she looks at Max. \"Max, are you OK with this?\" \"Are you kidding me?\" he's exasperated again. \" I had to take him to get the ring!\" She takes the ring, puts it on the proper finger of her left hand and with tears in her eyes for the second time today says: \"Yes Charlie Kenton, I'll marry you!\" I hold her tightly to me and kiss her like she's precious. She pulls away a little and looks at Max, a twinkle in her eye: \"It'll take both of us to keep him in line, you know?\" \"I know,\" he says smugly, \"but I think we can handle it.\" Bailey's P.O.V.: After my shower I go back into my bedroom to find Charlie sitting there looking tired, a bit scruffy, a little anxious and so damn good that I walk straight to him and wrap my arms around his waist. He's changed since the match with Zeus; he's called me every day on his trip back home, told me every little detail about each stop (especially the ones once Max had joined him) and always told me how much he missed me, every time. He isn't trying to kiss me, heck he hadn't even gotten in the shower with me like he would have before; he's being very respectful. I wonder what he's up to. \"Come downstairs, we've got a surprise for you.\" He takes my hand and leads me like an eager schoolboy. \"A surprise?\" \"Yeah, did you see our interview last night?\" I roll my eyes at his back. \"Of course, you only told me about it three times.\" He smiles at me, a big Cheshire Cat smile. \"A partner, huh? You haven't mentioned that before.\" We get to the bottom of the stairs and he turns me to face this large sign with Atom standing right under it. Tallet's Gym Official Home of The Peoples Champion: Atom \"You want me to be your partner?\" He tells me all these reasons; tourists, mechanic jobs for me, and Max mentions Charlie teaching other 'bots how to box. Then Charlie looks at me so seriously: \"I don't want you to ever again be in a position where you might lose the gym.\" He glances at Max then back at me. \"So? What do you say?\" He's trying to do right by me, make things right. That's probably why he's being so respectful and not giving me that smoldering look that I can't say no to. Yes, he's changed; he's become the good man he was meant to be. I smile at him, \"Yes Charlie. Yes we can be partners.\" I scoop Max into my arms first before I hug Charlie, I don't want Max to feel left out. After all he's one of the best things about Charlie. All that day we talk and talk: Charlie and Max have ambitions and actual plans to achieve them, not just hopes that the future will take care of itself. After dinner we're all relaxing, watching some WRB footage of the summer's bouts. Charlie is holding my hand, not seductively but again respectfully, when he turns to me and says: \"Bails, there's something else I need to talk to you about…\" he trails off as his face contorts with emotions I can't even follow. He glances at Max as if for courage, then he pulls a ring box out of his pocket, opens it and shows it to me. It's simple, it has my birthstone on it (I thought Charlie had forgotten I even had birthdays), it's beautiful. \"Bailey Tallet, will you marry me?\" Shock, pure unadulterated shock! I never thought Charlie would marry me. I had reconciled myself to being business partners, best friends and having a probably exclusive physical relationship with him, but not marriage. He starts babbling in a panic, saying things that I had no idea he felt but the truth is in his eyes. \"I love you Bailey Tallet and I always will.\" I put my hand over his mouth; if he goes on any longer he might start tearing up. I won't do that to his dignity. \"Max, are you OK with this?\" I have to know. Will he think I'll try to take his mother's place? \"Are you kidding me?\" he says with an exasperated look on his face, \" I had to take him to get the ring!\" I take the ring, put it on my finger and through the tears in my eyes say: \"Yes Charlie Kenton, I'll marry you!\" He holds me so tight and kisses me like he'll never let go. I pull away a little and look at Max: \"It'll take both of us to keep him\" I nod at Charlie, \"in line, you know?\" \"I know, but I think we can handle it.\" Max's P.O.V.: It's been a whole year since I met Charlie, my Dad. It's been ten months since the Zeus fight, since Charlie seemed to get his self-respect back and started being my Dad. It's been eight months since he and Bailey got married and I got the world's coolest step-mom. It's been since Christmas vacation that Aunt Debra signed custody of me to Dad and Bailey, I moved in with them and changed schools. Dad's bought a couple of 'bots and Bailey and I have fixed them up along with Atom. Dad and I are going to take them out to get some fights while Bailey stays at the gym to continue working on a few 'bots she's been hired to fix. Dad promised her we'd be back every couple of weeks or so to spend time at home. All she did was smile, kiss him and tell me not to let Dad get into too much trouble. She doesn't treat me like a little kid and she understands Charlie's need to stay in the game. Coolest step-mom ever! \"So,\" I started one morning at breakfast a couple days before we're supposed to leave, \"when am I getting a little brother or sister? Preferably one of each.\" I love it when Dad looks at me stunned with his mouth hanging open like he can't believe I just said that. Bailey, however, has recovered from her shock quickly and is giving him the same questioning look I am. \"Yeah Charlie, when are we going to get to that?\" I gotta chuckle; she's the coolest. \"I - ah… wait a minute… A baby? I'm not… I mean… I can hardly handle a ten year old!\" he looks pretty panicked. \"I'm twelve. And don't worry; Bailey will make an awesome mom, I should know having had one myself. And with me as a big brother, we'll make sure you won't mess up.\" \"Max, come on, be serious.\" Now he's looking helplessly between me and Bailey. Good, we've got him. \"I am being serious, Charlie. Why are you even arguing with me about this?\" ","Summary":" Still Real Disclaimer: Real Steel and its characters are the sole property of Dreamworks, I'm only "},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"real steel-before times (fixed)","Author":"THEWARPATH101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11486296","Passage":"[Chapter 1] hay guys this is my first story ever :) please enjoy john sighs as he walks thru the door frank this better be good the lasts robots u gave me weren't the best oh you will love this new robot I'm about to show u will make u change your mind about leaving frank sais in a confident tone u will love it Franks steps up to microphone attention everyone we are here to see the unvaling of this new g2 fighting robot! sorry this was so short it was my first one so see ya in the next chapter :) ","Summary":" hay guys this is my first story ever :) please enjoy john sighs as he walks thru the door frank thi"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Skyscraper","Author":"Prime Anya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9649554","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Flamers are not necessary. I hope that everyone who has sent me hate mail figures this out. Then again, I blocked them, so they won't be reading this. Unless they are stalking me and reading anonymous... CREEPS! Anyway~ I do not take insults lightly. They are completely rude and do nothing to further the quality that you say I lack. Anyway, I don't know if I am going to finish my Pokemon stories. I lost all inspiration behind them. I hope sometime I will get it back and restart the stories. I do not wish to lose the characters, such beautiful ones too, that were submitted to me. This story however is being placed under the category, \"HOPE TO FINISH!\", along with Sun-Eater. I can only continue these stories with your hope, though. I need OCs, specific ones too. Sun-Eater, I need Anglia and Kenia OCs. So please... I rarely beg, but... Okay, I beg a lot, but I really, really, REALLY need these OCs to continue. Both for Sun-Eater and this story. Information on Sun-Eater is in the story. Be sure to read the first chapter for background information. *Smile specially for you!* This story is a Real Steal story that I though of back at the beginning of senior year last year. From some of the most brilliant minds behind the Bots you see on the television, we bring you... Diminutives. Dimi's, as they are so called, are some of the newest in technology brings the excitement of Bots to your living room. You can choose either a base-Dimi, miniature versions based on your favourite pro-bot, or you can create your own Dimi with our kit. Call today! Such excitement filled Tiades as he watched the television commercial. He became light headed as he jumped up as fast as he could and ran towards the kitchen. \"Mom! Mom!\" he shouted as he entered the room. The kitchen was rather small, so Tiades almost ran into his mom when he rushed through the archway. His mom and older sister, Flannery, were baking cookies for the school bake sale. Tiades almost got distracted by the smell of double chocolate chip bars, that he would have forgotten about the Dimi's if his mom didn't speak up. \"What is it Miltiades?\" his mom asked. His mom was a relatively patient person, though couldn't stand being pulled away from something for no reason. If Tiades didn't reply, she would have just ignored him and continued to do so until she finished baking the 200 cookies. Based on the ones she had done, possibly 30, that was a while into the future. Tiades shook his head to get his mind back on track. \"I need money!\" he cheered. Flannery glared at her younger brother. She was only a year-and-a-half older than him, yet she treated him like she was his mom. She was defiantly more critical of him than their mom. She would boss him around and demand respect. Her glare told him that this better be good or she was going to scold him. \"It is for a Dimi-kit,\" stated Tiades. His mom, uncharacteristically, shook her head. She was saying 'no'. She never said 'no'. \"I am sorry, Miltiades,\" his mom apologized. \"We just don't have the money right now. Maybe for Christmas I can scrounge for something, or possibly Santa will bring you one.\" They were desperate for money. Ever since their mom left their dad, they had been living penny to penny. It was a sore topic for the family, so they tended to hide it. Helping out with the bake sale was just another way of their mom hiding the fact. It helped that the school reimbursed they volunteers. \"Why do you want a stupid, puny robot, anyway?\" asked Flannery. \"Want to have a friend who is finally smaller than you?\" Their mom frowned at Flannery, who took the hint and went back to working. Tiades was embarrassed by his height and got made fun of for it all the time. He was a 13 year old boy who stood 5 foot even. That wasn't something one sees everyday. His mom walked over to her son and hugged him. A sincere gesture, though it did result in getting flour all over Tiades' back. \"I'm sorry,\" she apologized. \"I understand.\" Tiades pulled away and walked out of the room slowly. It wasn't just the fact she couldn't afford the toy her son wanted, and Tiades knew that. She was sorry for all the events that lead to it. Tiades didn't blame her for this. He loved his mom and the fact she was willing to try to get it for him for Christmas, he appreciated that. Though Christmas was nine months away, and there was probably no way he was going to get it than either. He walked to his room and plopped down in front of his desk top. He flipped on the television and stared blankly at the monitor while listening to random crap on the TV. Want to be part of the new craze? Enter for a chance to win one of the new Dimi-kits and this could be your chance to have a miniature Bot of your very own! \"WHAT?!\" So the form is on my profile, but the rules are below. READ THEM! Questions before rules however. One, what do you think so far? Do you like the concept? Also, the fact that this is an SYOC?! *eyebrow dance* Miltiades is a real name. RULES -1- No made up names. Explain the meaning if seeming outrageous. Miltiades is Ancient Greek for red earth. -2- Here are the spots: -Girl 1: Eirain Wyn (12) -Girl 2: Open -Girl 3: Open -Boy 1: Miltiades 'Tiades' Edom (13) -Boy 2: Open -Boy 3: Open -Boy 4: Open -3- Physical appearance must be rational. No strange traits. Give me tons of detail. -4- Same with personality. No strange traits. If you think she or he may be a Sue/Stu, they probably are. Give me tons of detail. -5- Ages are to be from 11 to 13. (Ages beside the names in the spot list.) They will all be going to the same middle school. -6- Dimi's range from 5 to 10 inches and come in all colours. Give some distinct characteristics to set your robot apart from the others. Eirain already has one named Viorel. He has a slimmer body with inner black gears and a blue outter shell. Viorel tends to stick closer towards speed then brute strength. Dimi's are controlled with a glove controller that shares the same basic colour are the Dimi; thus Eirain's glove is a navy blue. -7- If you read the rules, you are too good. Where it will ask if you read the rules in the form, put some sort of smiley face. It can be any type, I will know. ","Summary":" Flamers are not necessary. I hope that everyone who has sent me hate mail figures this out. Then ag"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"And Then That Happened","Author":"Eansy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11173435","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hey, Max,\" Bailey asked, \"have you seen my blue bracelet?\" Max replied, \"What does it look like?\" Bailey rolled her eyes. \"It looks like the blue bracelet that I wear every. single. day.\" \"Haven't seen it,\" Max answered. \"Bailey,\" Riley cried, holding up a navy blue bracelet with gold stripes on it, \"I found it!\" \"That's great! Thank you so much,\" Bailey exclaimed, taking the bracelet from her four-year-old niece and placing it on her wrist. When Max's Aunt Debra and her husband, Marvin, lost custody of their nephew, they adopted four-year-old Riley Namoa, an energetic child whose parents were killed in a car crash. \"How do I look?\" Bailey asked, standing up and adjusting the tiara that held her veil in place. \"You look like Elsa,\" Riley said. Bailey laughed. \"That movie came out eight years ago, and everyone's still talking about it,\" Max complained, \"I mean, like, seriously! It's ridiculous!\" \"It's been eight years? I remember Charlie taking you to see that when Caroline -your mom- wanted him to spend some time with you. You've gotten so tall since then.\" \"I know,\" Max replied, pulling a small box out of his pocket and handing it to Bailey, \"This is for you. Charlie helped me pick it out.\" Bailey had tears in her eyes as she opened the box. Inside it, she found a gold necklace with the words 'I love you' engraved in Max's best cursive. \"Do you like it?\" \"Max, I love it,\" She cried, throwing her arms around him, \"This is the best gift anyone's ever given me.\" \"I'm glad you like it,\" Max replied. After a few seconds, Bailey let go of her stepson, put on the necklace, and returned to doing her makeup for the wedding. She smiled as she thought about the past few months. She could hardly believe that it had been a whole year since the Zeus fight. After finishing with her makeup, she took off her jeans and WRB tee shirt and put on her dress. It was a beautiful white mermaid dress with long sleeves and turquoise lace on the back. Bailey was so excited to be marrying Charlie. This was going to be the best day of her life. ","Summary":" \"Hey, Max,\" Bailey asked, \"have you seen my blue bracelet?\" Max replied, \"What does it look li"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"I Can Do It","Author":"fstigtmsb","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9313742","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Max was excited like he was every time there was a fight. But tonight was a big one. He sat at the breakfast table with his uncle Marvin and aunt Deborah. Then the phone rang and Marvin got up to answer it. \"I see, well thank you. Yes, I'll tell him.\" Marvin said. Marvin then hung up the phone and looked at Max. \"Looks like you'll have to forfeit the fight tonight son.\" \"What why?\" \"Charlie has the flu and can't make it tonight.\" \"What?\" \"Charlie's sick son. He says he's sorry.\" Max begged to go see Charlie. Deborah was reluctant but eventually took him over to Charlie's. Max walked into the gym and spotted Bailey. \"Bailey?\" \"Hey Max. What brings you here?\" \"Where's Charlie?\" \"In bed upstairs. He may not be awake. But you can go on up. I'm sure you'll perk him up.\" Max went upstairs to Charlie's room. Charlie was awake looking at a magazine slightly in the sitting up position. \"Charlie?\" Max said. Charlie looked up. \"What are you doing here Max?\" Charlie said hoarsely. \"Just came to check on you. Marvin said you had the flu.\" \"I do.\" \"But we have a fight tonight.\" \"We're just have to forfeit. There isn't much a chance I'll be able to attend. This flu has really taken a lot out of me.\" \"Charlie, we can't forfeit. I can do it. I've watched you enough. I know what to do.\" \"No, watching is different than giving commands. I don't think you're ready.\" \"I am. Please let me do this.\" Charlie broke into a harsh coughing fit. He shook his head since he was unable to talk. \"Charlie, I can do this. I can.\" Bailey came in just then with a cup of tea. \"Let him do it Charlie. You know he'll be fine.\" Max smiled. \"Thanks Bailey.\" \"Who's side are you on?\" Charlie asked hoarsely. Bailey just smiled and gave him the tea then left. \"Charlie, I've done it before. I can't forfeit tonight.\" \"You're one stubborn kid. You know that?\" \"Mom always said I must have gotten it from you.\" Charlie half laughed half coughed. \"Fine. You win. Good luck.\" \"Thanks Charlie.\" Max ended up losing. He realized that he really did need Charlie. Charlie was the best at fighting that he had seen. It was rare that Charlie lost. Maybe Charlie had been right. Maybe forfeiting would have been better. Max vowed to let Charlie fight from then on. He couldn't wait for Charlie to get better so they could fight together. End ","Summary":" Max was excited like he was every time there was a fight. But tonight was a big one. He sat at the "},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Secret","Author":"The One Named MoonLight","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10018920","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He had gotten the call when he was in a date with his girlfriend. Hastily, he had apologized to her and sped to the hospital, his heart racing faster than Atom's punches. He flew through the doors, his breaths growing faster and shallower, like he was up in a mountain with thin air. He mildly remembers nurses calling out 'Sir!' and grabbing at his arms to halt him, but he shook them off and let his feet carry him. Faster . Faster . Almost there . Panicking voice screamed in his head to hurry, to make it in time. He stopped in front of the door, his breath hitched in his throat and his fingers just ghosting on the handle which he had so many times opened with a well practiced smile; really, five years was enough practice to make it look authentic. Max prayed his tears didn't show as he turned the knob. \"Hey, Charlie.\" Dull eyes glanced at him, crinkling with a smile, \"Hey, squirt, been a few days since I've seen yah.\" Wasn't it so Charlie that he'd pretend nothing was happening? That he wasn't lying on his deathbed? \"Yeah.\" Max croaked and sniffed, hoping it sounded manly. Charlie weakly gestured for him to get nearer, \"Well, c'mere, there's a spare chair.\" He obeyed his dad and sat in it, not bearing to look at the other people here. There was some silence, no one really knowing what to say or leaving the two for some father/son time. \"So,\" Charlie started and let out some coughs, \"This is it.\" Max could only nod. \"Doesn't feel as bad as I thought,\" the man elaborated, \"Sure, a little uncomfortable, but other than that I'm damn fine.\" He couldn't bring himself to answer. Charlie glanced at his son, \"Aw, c'mon, don't be like that, we all knew this was gonna happen.\" Max let his eyes trail to his dad, who was attempting to grin as he ignored the lessening beeps of the equipment. He took a shuddering breath and gathered something, anything to say, \"Dad, I— . . .I want you to—no I need you to know—\" \"Don't worry,\" Charlie grinned, \"Your secret's safe with me.\" I just thought it would be cool if someone else said that line . . . ","Summary":" He had gotten the call when he was in a date with his girlfriend. Hastily, he had apologized to her"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Real Steel: Play-by-Play","Author":"Addira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10267309","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Play-by-Play: Real Steel Welcome to the Real Steel Play-by-Play! As I watch a movie, may it be an Action movie, Disney Musical, Horror movie, anything I automatically think of either: smart, stupid or random things. See I suffer from a speech disability where I can't shut up during movies. It's just as annoying for me, believe me. The Play-by-Plays are my initial thoughts unless they are comments in between two parentheses. So that's how you know I went back and added something in editing. But if they are brackets they aren't editing… I have a strange system and one day it'll make sense to everyone. Ps: (parentheses), [brackets]. Before you even start to read this Play-by-Play, you need to be comfortable with the fact that Hugh Jackman is one of the best people out there. He's just so much better because he sang as Wolverine on a radio show. If you haven't seen it, stop what you are doing and go see it stat . That much raw amazingness must be shared and preached! All thoughts and opinions expressed are of my own and are in no way meant to insult or offend. I do not own these movies and I do not (do not!) claim that I do. Some mature language. Depends on the day. Also, there are references to many things. You are not insane. If I write something like: \"NO NO NO NO! Mr. FRODO!\" Yes. That's a Lord of the Rings reference. If I say \"Oh Sam…\" Yes, that's another Lord of the Rings reference (And one day I will watch them all, with the extended edition and count how many times Frodo says: Oh Sam .) Catch my drift? These intros are starting to be pretty lengthy to be honest. Not to quote someone before the P-b-P but…. \" Yolo!\" Ray Narvaez Jr. Without any further delay or stream of consciousness: Spoilers ahoy! -OoOoO- So Dreamworks made this. Why am I thinking of Dragons all of the sudden? (No one shall shun the amazingness of Hiccup Horrendous Haddock the sexy or ye shall face my wrath!) -OoOoO- That seems to be a random place for a fair. -OoOoO- Oh geez. Landing on that floor is not enjoyable. Holy crap. My back is in pain just at the sight of it. -OoOoO- When I checked IMDB the last time I watched the movie, the trivia section mentioned that the kids who want to see Ambush are actually the Director's kids. That is just so awesome. They got be with Hugh Jackman. -OoOoO- I never actually did like the look of Ambush. There was always something that rubbed me the wrong way. To the point where I hissed at the movie cover when Ambush was there right next to Atom and Charlie instead of Max who is far more important than Ambush. -OoOoO- Douche cowboy. Usual stereotype but it's ok. He gets his ass handed to him in the end so I can tough it. (which I don't do very well.) -OoOoO- So who picks the extras that got to go on the rides in the background? Sign me up for that shit! -OoOoO- Look at how smugly Ambush walks. Ugh. Get destroyed by the bull already. -OoOoO- HAHAa! When Ambush was doing the whole, kick the dirt behind him ready to charge thing, there's an extra behind him that was like: \"Gah! What the hell? Who's throwing all this dirt in my face? Goddamn it AMBUSH!\" -OoOoO- I have issues believing that an ex-boxer would turn his back to his opponent. -OoOoO- That commentator is such a bitch. I hate his face. -OoOoO- RIDONKULOUS?! YOU STOLE MY WORD! -OoOoO- \"Is he dead too?\" Well. No one's put it like that before. -OoOoO- That kid has an Anakin Skywalker thing going on. I hope he grows up to be good-looking. (Yes I know. I am older but one day he will be older too! And when that time comes, he will be a free for all.) -OoOoO- Charlie is such a sleaze ball. I love characters like him. Start of really douchy and then evolve to be good people. -OoOoO- I also, really like how the Aunt and her husband aren't portrayed as money grabbing bitches. They are legitimately there for Max and his wellbeing. Hell, If I were Debra, I'd be fighting to adopt Max too because Charlie does not look like he can care for Max for shit. I love relating to characters. It's one of the best things movies can do with their characters. Unless you know, they kill off the characters you relate to. In which case you better have Game of Thrones Syndrome cause or else you are not strong enough to watch that movie. -OoOoO- Hello Evangeline Lilly. You gorgeous. -OoOoO- Charlie can see through your shit Bailey. You aren't fooling anyone. -OoOoO- Texas. All right we have a location. Well now the cowboy thing just makes sense. -OoOoO- \"You owe me half!\" \"I don't have it. I spent the money on a robot it's gone!\" Now there are some words you wouldn't expect a full-grown adult saying ever so casually. -OoOoO- I love seeing robots do their own thing. Like seeing all the little mechanical action doing it's thing, the shutters opening and closing, flickering lights, GODDAMN IT. I swear I'd have a tattoo of Gipsy Danger in all of her glory on my arm if I weren't such a wuss when it comes to tattoos. Goddamn machines have that effect on me and it's insane. -OoOoO- Noisy Boy's tablet controls have the HP logo on it. Spooonsooooors -OoOoO- Noisy Boy is the Japanese Lopez -OoOoO- What kind of games are you playing kid? You just learnt Japanese because you were bored. I can see through your lies. -OoOoO- Who wants to bet he dropped the keys in the sewer in the bloopers I would have done it. -OoOoO- Why does the truck have foot windows? And why do the foot windows have windshield wipers? -OoOoO- Noisy Boy isn't really noisy is he? -OoOoO- You just know who wins based off of names. Noisy Boy versus MIDAS ! -OoOoO- Midas has a major structural weakness: the freaking neck. Just punch those two huge ass neck connections and you got him in the bag. -OoOoO- \"Daddy goes to work\"? What ? Hahaha! -OoOoO- Niagara machinery! Sppoooooonsooooooooorssss -OoOoO- Now this is how you do your exposition. One unknowing character asks a bunch of questions to the all-knowing character, who is still slightly bitter. This stuff works every time. -OoOoO- The cliff definitely got me. I won't even deny it. -OoOoO- This is a good feel-good movie. Father-son bonding over some good ol' robot fighting. It appeals to me sue me. -OoOoO- Max punching Charlie is great. He's super tired but as soon as he can, starts punching the dick who left him alone to unearth this giant machine out of the mud. -OoOoO- Ugh. They kept Ambush. -OoOoO- \"I have been here for you a long time Charlie. In the ring, out of the ring…\" with the Ring, invisible in the Ring, wearing the Ring, dining with the Ring, bringing the Ring to Mordor… You know. A long time Charlie. -OoOoO- This movie makes me hungry. Something about robot fights make my appetite go wacko. -OoOoO- Introducing…. THE ATOM SMUDLER! I say that because he still has mud covering his eye so he looks like he's squinting. -OoOoO- I want a robot. Why wasn't I born in the future? I don't think my parents would let me keep him. I'd have to move out first. . . . Oh but then I'd need to deal with the landlord about the living situation of my thousand pound robot. -OoOoO- Yeah! They did a \"He's your son, you suck too\" joke! -OoOoO- \"Let's take a walk.\" You didn't want a dog right. You wanted a robot? . . That's ok… I want a robot too. A robot or a dragon. What ever comes first. -OoOoO- \"Can you understand me?\" …. Um. I'll go on a whim and say no. Are you an angel? I'm sorry! I had to! -OoOoO- When was the last time I saw a red fire hydrant. I keep seeing the yellow ones, what is wrong with this planet. -OoOoO- \"You're old man taught me that.\" - Charlie \"Damn straight he taught you that.\" - Bailey I can stop snickering. These two… their banter… They're just awesome ok. -OoOoO- Zeus. I don't get why people (the audience) would pay to watch a round with Zeus. If no robot has ever been through two rounds with that behemoth, why would you pay a lot of money to see him fight and destroy a robot for a few seconds. I guess if you like the sport you'll pay. I'm quite sure there are people who have paid for less. -OoOoO- I'll try not to comment every time they mention the ring because honestly, I'd be here all night. -OoOoO- \"What Zeus sees, he kills.\" Well… Zeus had some serious eye contact with Max there… so by definition shouldn't Max be running away for his life or does Zeus have a \"No hurting humans\" clause in his programing? . You need to be precise Takamashitto. . Also, \" Puny god.\" That's what we were all thinking. Don't deny it. Zeus has a hulk-ish thing going on. -OoOoO- So Max got a free show? He didn't even pay for his ticket! -OoOoO- \"I told you I hate hamburgers!\" – Max I hear you bro. People just don't understand us. \"It's a burrito!\" Burritos are good. Max, take the burrito. . . . Shit. Now I'm even hungrier. -OoOoO- *Food break dance* -OoOoO- Someone call the gardener cause the Zoo has a plant problem -OoOoO- Why so cynical Charlie -OoOoO- Kingpin looks like a rabbit -OoOoO- Ohohohoo! How the roles have changed. Charlie is no longer the gambler. -OoOoO- Shaefer Zoo. Is that a real place? -OoOoO- \"Let's get it on! Let's get it on! Like Ping-Pong in Hong-Kong!\" What ? Hahaha! That's right up there with \"Daddy's going to work!\" -OoOoO- Metro looks more like a drunken uncle than a robot. (Although I use the Drunken Uncle thing a lot, I don't actually have a drunken uncle.) -OoOoO- I love their father-son dynamic. -OoOoO- This fight looks more like the freaking fight with the Arishock. This kid does not know how to kill time. You run around in circles around your superior opponent. You drink up some potions, make sure you don't get hit, sing some songs while you're at it because you'll be there for a while. . And then you bring the thunder. . Rinse and repeat. -OoOoO- I KNOW THIS SONG! NEED FOR SPEED MOST WANTED! Styles of Beyond – Nine Thou (Superstars Remix) -OoOoO- Kingpin is better at paying up his debts than Charlie ever was. And that's saying something. Considering he looks like a rabbit with a Mohawk. -OoOoO- Atom dances better than I do. I dance like I've got 4 left legs. Not in the good way. My hands do not become feet when I dance. People wonder why I like my video games and the Internet. How do I human? -OoOoO- I don't get why Charlie doesn't want to dance. Boxing is just a form of dancing no? It's just has a lot of fist action and blood and stuff. … … … … … Maybe I should try out boxing. Hit people with my other 3 left feet. Rules? What are rules? What are you saying. -OoOoO- Boxing training: Dat soundtrack. -OoOoO- Good to know that the US Air Force likes to have a little bit of Robot boxing once in a while… right next to expensive airplanes. Cause who gives a crap for your tax dollars. -OoOoO- You'd be an idiot to park next to a robot fight. That's some serious issues just waiting to happen. -OoOoO- I will say that the first fight time I watched this movie I thought it was Adam until the radio hosts were like: \"Remember this name folks. Atom. A-T-O-M.\" Me: Oh. Atom . Sister: I thought it was Adam too. It's not like it's written on his chest plate or anything. -OoOoO- When Charlie and Max head up the Zeus' suite and Atom looks into the mirror, giving us the feeling that Atom is alive, like if he's Pinocchio and stuff. That's the main menu. -OoOoO- \"I vould like to buy your robutt .\" Hehehee that's what I heard anyway. Yes. I unfortunately still laugh at dumb jokes. Sue me. -OoOoO- The dude just got Bailey a beer. Not a single fuck was given. She's there for the fight dude. Don't even try. -OoOoO- I notice that you never see the robots actually getting into the ring. They cut away right before they actually get in. (Except for Zeus. He jumps in.) -OoOoO- My sister pointed out that Twin Cities has a great light organisation. It looks like city lights at night. It's cool. Although, what's the use of two heads? -OoOoO- Dat soundtrack. -OoOoO- Charlie to Atom's command console: \"STRAIGHT TO THE HEAD!\" Atom: WHICH HEAD CHARLIE? GIVE ME A BREAK! -OoOoO- Max could easily be a visionary. He totally called Farra Lemkova out about Robot Boxing. Like dude. For an 11 year-old he's got balls. -OoOoO- I still wish that Atom had come over and defend the Kentons from the Cowboy douche monger. Like as Charlie was being beat the crap up, Max would just run over et the command console for Atom and beat the crap out of the gutless dickwad. I apologize but I really do hate that character and characters like him. -OoOoO- \"Max we have our own swimming pool and we have a hot tub and a lot of super fun toys to play with. Do you want to play with them? It's going to be fun.\" To all the people who hate Debra's character, which I'm sure there are, because she's trying to coax Max into living with her. Keep in mind that she's only trying to get him to like her. We know she cares about Max it's just that Max doesn't seem to like Debra much. Debra's just trying to get him to accept her and maybe show some sort of eagerness to the idea of living with her and Marvin. The only way she knows how to appeal to an 11 year old is with material means. I will defend characters like Debra for as long as I can because they get too much hate. Now stop! Hatin' is bad! -OoOoO- So was this movie based on the \"Rock'Em, Sock'Em\" board game or…? -OoOoO- What if she doesn't want you in her bed Charlie? So inconsiderate! But come on who are we kidding? She dropped so many hints… -OoOoO- That kiss scene with Bailey was too short. They did talk things through but it wasn't nearly as long as it should have been. It feels sort of half-assed for me but hey: at least we got one. -OoOoO- Debra's wardrobe has got me jealous in so many aspects. I WANT HER DRESS(es)! -OoOoO- \"Now where were we?\" - Charlie \"You sold me.\" - Max \"Right, yeah, that happened.\" - Charlie \"Wait, what?\" – Debra, pulling an Anna. \"Then we had our asses kicked.\" - Max \"And you slept on a shelf in a truck, and it was awful.\" - Charlie \"And dangerous.\" - Max \"Really dangerous. I mean, I know. God I'm sorry.\" - Charlie If I were Debra I'd think Charlie just sold his son into slavery or something. -OoOoO- Atom is pretty big. You telling me that Hugh Jackman was big—what am I saying? If Hugh Jackman wants a robot reveal: HE'LL GET A ROBOT REVEAL! -OoOoO- The sports dudes said \"Shot at the belt\" twice. They need variety. They need to consult me for these things. -OoOoO- Also, why wasn't Atom dancing in the endgame? I mean, that's what he was known for. -OoOoO- Just one more scene with the bitch cowboy… just one more before he gets his ass handed to him. *breathes deeply* One more. -OoOoO- Announcer: \"Never beaten. Never threatened. The king of the ring. The ruler of Robots! Bow down to the Mighty—\" Me: SAURONNNNNNNNN! Announcer:\" ZEUS! \" You can't just say the words: Ruler, Ring, King, and Mighty in the same sentence without saying Sauron. It's just not done. -OoOoO- Shit. I hit stop . Goddamn it. No I don't want to see the trailer for War Horse. Do you want me to cry?! All right, Atom looking at himself in the mirror being all cute and stuff. Play -OoOoO- Zeus the only robot who was ever seen entering the Ring. -OoOoO- \"And in the corner to my left, the undeniable champion of this universe and any universe known or unknown, the Mighty Zeus!\" That's a bit presumptuous isn't it? I mean, Gipsy Danger would use Zeus as a freaking toothpick! -OoOoO- Sprint, The Now Network Spoooonnnsooooorrssss -OoOoO- \"Get up Atom!\" \"Get up Atom!\" Use the Force Atom -OoOoO- Charlie: He can't survive this! Atom: Challenge Accepted! -OoOoO- That extra next to the announcer had some serious earring bling going on! -OoOoO- That's right bitch. Pay up motherfucker. -OoOoO- Dat soundtrack. -OoOoO- I can watch that last scene again and again just for the cocky Charlie who taunts Zeus. It's just awesome. -OoOoO- HERE COME THE SPONSORS! Cadillac, Coca-Cola, Capital One, Xbox 720 , Mercedes Benz, Budweiser, Del Taco, TSN, bing, smart, and those other two that I can't see very well. United States… stock corporation ? I dunno. -OoOoO- Daww the son sees just how beautiful his dad is. -OoOoO- Calm your shit Takamashitto. No need to break the computer screen because you lost. Gotta keep your cool you big baby. -OoOoO- I expected Atom to win but it's ok that he didn't. Zeus is a little bitch though. -OoOoO- Farra may be saying: \"We won. Zeus is till undefeated.\" But she was totally thinking: Stop booing me guys. Geez. You guys love Zeus. What's wrong with you people? Zeus is the god of thunder, bitches go craycray for Zeus. Ask the greeks! Jesus. -OoOoO- HE CALLED HIM DAD ! HE DIDN'T CALL HIM CHARLIE HE SAID DAD ! MY FEELINGS -OoOoO- My life would have been complete had Hugh Jackman danced with Atom using the shadow protocol on. But alas… Atom was too cool to dance in the finale. -OoOoO- Ever since someone's last name was Jaeger in the Pacific Rim credits I've been waiting for someone to also have another good name. No luck so far. -OoOoO- All right! Thank you for reading this Play-by-Play! Scroll down/stay tuned for my blooper reactions! Remember my melons : Xbox 720 sponsored Atom's fight. Never forget. -OoOoO- -OoOoO- -OoOoO- Couldn't resist the bloopers, they had to get into this: Cowboy guy that I love so much, \"hopadahopadahopdahopda *babbling ok*. You know if he was a breakfast restaurant, we'd have to call him Hi-Hop! I LOVE YOUR PANCAKES, AMBUSH! LOVE YOUR PANCAKES!\" \"Looks like he wants to open him up like a can of tuna! THERE AIN'T NO FISH IN THERE!\" MY SIDES! GODDAMN IT! He may be the only person I hate to bits in this movie but damn! In the bloopers he had me laughing like a two year old! Hugh can't manage to cut the lock and he turns to the camera and says, \"Wolverine, where are you now?\" AND HE STARTS LAUGHING HIS ASS OFF, BLESS THAT MAN! . . . Have a good night Internet. ","Summary":" Play-by-Play: Real Steel Welcome to the Real Steel Play-by-Play! As I watch a movie, may it be an A"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Better","Author":"Ariyah","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8604933","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : My name is nowhere in the credits, ergo, I own absolutely nothing. Charlie ached all over. He winced as he swung his feet up onto his bed. He adjusted the pillow behind him and grunted as he flipped the blanket over him. His knuckles still felt the contact he'd made with those guys' bones. And the rest of him felt the contact they had made with his bones. Sure, they'd beat him up bad before. But nothing like this. He'd run into Ricky and his goons before, but this was worse. Much worse. This wasn't just about the aching everywhere in his body that turned him to a walking bruise. This wasn't about the ringing in his ears or the stars he still saw floating in the darkness of his trailer. This hurt more than anything else ever had. His eyes flitted up to the shelf on the opposite side of the trailer. This was about his heart. His son. Max. Charlie wasn't a man who wallowed in his pain. He wasn't the type to grovel for the likes of Ricky. And there was no way he would ever back down. Charlie Kenton was no sissy. He was tough. He was strong. He could take care of himself. But Max? The images replayed themselves in his mind. The chase. Max's restraint. His pockets rifled and his hard-earned money pilfered. His helplessness to do anything about it all. Nothing Charlie had ever known had pained him more than seeing Max unwittingly involved in that mess. He would take a hit for the kid. He'd do anything to take care of him. Charlie's lips twitched into a grim smile. Funny how things had changed. Within minutes of meeting Max, he could have cared less if the kid had wandered off to live in the street. But now…. Charlie stared at the slumbering face on the shelf. Max had comforted him. It wasn't much, but Charlie remembered the folded shirt he'd set between his head and the dirt. Max had cared for him. He was the one who wouldn't let him up until he was certain nothing was broken. Max had helped him. He had supported him all the way back to the truck. Max… Max had even defended him. Ricky had called him a dirtbag. Max had shot back the word \"father\". Charlie's brows pinched together as he questioned himself. Where was I when he needed me? Charlie had never been there to comfort him. Charlie had been too scared, too selfish to care about him, much less for him. Charlie had never taught him. Charlie had even failed to stand up for him. Multiple times. He doesn't deserve me. He deserves someone who wants to give him the best. Someone who cares enough to give him a home, family. To care for him. Love him. Charlie suddenly flipped back his blanket and swung his legs out. His heart ached more than the rest of him combined. Whether it was because of what had happened or because of what he was going to do, he didn't know, but he was either going to put Max through all that again or give him what he needed and deserved. And he had to make that call. Author's Note : This portion of the fic didn't want to leave me alone, so I typed it up. I don't know when the rest of the story will beg for attention, though, so no promises as to when I'll update. Hopefully soon-ish though. ","Summary":" Disclaimer : My name is nowhere in the credits, ergo, I own absolutely nothing. Charlie ached all o"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Sweetie's Chance at Love","Author":"Lostinawhisper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12552591","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Birthday Gift of Love Elizabeth had taken Sweetie to Ellie's house, so the young crane could give a certain teal ceiling lamp the gift she had. It was also the first time Sweetie was left out to come here alone. Elizabeth then knocked on the door, when they got to the house of their close friends. Ellie remembered the two of them with ease and let them in. Ellie informed them that they came in good times, for it just happened to be Phil's birthday today. Sweetie went to the door to the basement, opened it with her claws getting a grip on the door knob. She then hopped down the stories with the gift in her main body so it wouldn't get broken. \"Oh happy birthday my cute lamp!\" Sweetie exclaimed when she got to the basement \"I think we're going to have a real hooooowliday tonight!\" \"S-sweetie.\" Phil responded, blushing hard and retreating to the ceiling. He was still bashful around this crane that had a massive crush on him \"Sweetie good to see you again!\" Fannie exclaimed, then looked around \"Where's your dad? He's usually with you.\" \"Oh him, my old man just got married actually.\" Sweetie told her Everyone started shouting in glee for her, telling her congrats on her father on his wedding. \"Oh you're all too kind, which is why I like all of you.\" Sweetie responded, a cute expression him her \"But I came here with just Elizabeth, since she knew where the house was. My dad needs to be with his new wife right now though, and he said I should get out more to make a lady out of me.\" \"Oh you already are a fine lady crane, but I'm still a real 'fan' of your father.\" Fannie admitted, causing everyone to laugh from what she just said. Just then, Phil's light bulb started flashing rapidly, signaling it was about to burn out. Sweetie was the first to notice it and she wheeled over to him, deciding to be silly with something the other appliances told her said to her own uncle. \"Oh you poor baby, your bulby's burned out, here you can have one of mine.\" She told him Everyone laughed hard from that, but soon found out what Sweetie meant from that. She reached into her main body and pulled out the color changing bulb. The other appliances helped her give the bulb to Phil and it worked instantly. Sweetie looked at him with cute, but charming eyes \"Happy Birthday my dear, but I gave that to you too because I love you.\" She then reached over and nuzzled him. This time he didn't retreat right away, but he quickly whispered something to her that seemed to make her really happy. Phil then retreated to the ceiling, like he usually did when she got cute. It was an improvement though. \"So you're great with sound effects it seems.\" Potter spoke up, nudging Sweetie with one of his fork arms Sweetie chuckled lightly \"It's a bit of a talent.\" Potter then showed her the shadow puppet tricks he could do. Sweetie then started adding sound effects to each of them, her best being a werewolf howl of course. For the next few minutes Sweetie was really having fun, but while she was here she knew she was going to soon have to make her move to win the 'heart' of the crazy ceiling lamp. To be continued…. A thousand thanks to Lampi01 once again for allowing me to go through with this. If you haven't read their stories, I highly recommend it![Chapter 2] It's a B Movie It was time for the 'choir practice' down in the basement for the parts shop appliances. However, someone chimed in who they didn't expect to know the song. It was Sweetie, singing the parts sung by her uncle and his friends and she was surprisingly really good. \"I didn't know you were a choir crane.\" Mish-Mash told her \"Oh, it's just one of many talents I have.\" Sweetie responded \"Well you got it done perfect.\" Vinyl responded \"Are you sure you weren't one of us to begin with?\" Sweetie laughed lightly \"No, but I wish I was with you guys all the time. You're all so much fun!\" For the first time, Blenny approached Sweetie and lightly nudged her. Sweetie turned and looked at him with cute eyes so she wouldn't be scary to him, like her dad probably was when he first came here. \"I thought you didn't like me.\" Sweetie responded, lowering her head to him Blenny had a cute expression on his face and nuzzled her head like if Sweetie was like a second mother to him. It turns out that was the case: \"S-Swee-Sweetie….Mama Sweetie.\" He replied nuzzling her and she did the same in return \"Okay, you really are adorable.\" Sweetie admitted The other appliances were a little surprised that Blenny saw Sweetie as a second mother when she's only been there one other time, but they didn't mind either. After a while though, Sweetie looked over at the movie case, then looked back at Phil, getting an idea in her head. She extended her crane neck up to him and he blushed as usual, but couldn't escape this time. Phil smiled and thought to himself \"I know cranes like to get 'hooked' on things, but this is ridiculous.\" \"Come one Phil,\" she said quietly, nuzzling him too \"you know you love me.\" \"Well, at least you're not pulling my cords…\" Phil responded, nuzzling her back \"And I think we should enjoy ourselves with a movie date, if you know what I mean.\" Sweetie brought up \"A movie?\" Vinyl spoke up \"I love movies!\" \"Not you, ya dimmwatt!\" Mish-Mash told him, making sure that Phil and Sweetie were left more alone Sweetie then grabbed Psycho by Alfred Hitchcock \"What about this one, my dear?\" Phil saw the movie and this crane had a good taste in horror movies. \"I say let's watch that bad boy.\" Phil responded Phil and Sweetie then watched the movie on their friend Jaws, the broken TV, but as long he kept his 'mouth' shut they could watch the movie. In her mind Sweetie was thinking 'I'm really making improvements no, especially since we have a lot in common.' When the movie was done, everyone was getting tired since it was growing late. Good thing Elizabeth was allowing Sweetie to spend as much time down there as she wanted, so she could get close to Phil and the rest of her friends. Before she could go to sleep herself, she found Blenny snuggled up against her. She lowered her head so she was cuddling him back, quickly seeing a smile on his face before both of them went to sleep. To be continued….[Chapter 3] Telling Stories of My Family Sweetie woke almost instantly, when she heard two of her friends getting into an argument and it was getting a little out of hand. It was between Mish-Mash and Vinyl, since the two were known to not get along so well, but Sweetie decided to step in. She snarled at both of them like an angry alpha wolf, which woke the other appliances too. \"Can you two knock it off?\" Sweetie scolded \"But she made fun of me for functioning in my backside!\" Vinyl responded \"Oh gawd, since it's true and you know it.\" Mish-Mash snapped back They tried to charge at each other, but Sweetie was blocking the way, with the rare chance of her having anger in her eyes. She did look a little menacing as well. \"Look, it's not either of your faults that you two being made they you were, which goes for the rest of us.\" Sweetie told them \"Now be nice!\" They looked at her, a little terrified. They knew her father had a short temper, but they didn't know she could get ticked off too. I guess she was right though it wasn't their fault though and perhaps Sweetie just doesn't like to see anyone fighting. Sweetie then saw she scared them a little. \"Sorry, it just seemed like the arguing was getting out of hand.\" Sweetie replied \"I didn't mean to scare you.\" \"We just weren't expecting you to snap.\" Fannie spoke up \"I know your father can be aggressive, but we didn't know you could.\" \"Only when I need to, but I try not to snarl.\" Sweetie admitted \"Trust me, that's nothing to another that my father told me of, which is another uncle of mine.\" Potter tapped Sweetie with his fork again. \"Can you tell us that story?\" he asked \"If it's a horror story, we'd love to hear it.\" Phil added \"Oh it's a horror story, but it's real .\" Sweetie warned \"Are you sure you still want to hear it?\" \"We're always willing to hear what you have to say.\" Phil told her \"Well okay, here it goes.\" Sweetie began \"My father was built at the same as another giant magnet, which is brother and my uncle, but he said this one was even bigger and blood red in color and his name was... Ravager .\" \"Oh I like where this is going,\" Fannie replied, a little excited \"Since the original magnet I was fan of was taken, I think I have a shot with this one.\" \"Oh no, you all don't want to get close to Ravager, not after what my father told me .\" Sweetie told them \"He ended up getting a mouth when he first woke up alive, unlike my dad who needed a translator to speak. Now this sounds nice, right? Wrong! When my dad and Ravager were first built, functioning on their own before the separation when they were sold, my father couldn't believe what he saw Ravager do.\" Sweetie paused before speaking again \"He crushed larger machines with a compactor, just like my father used to, but as soon as Ravager saw small machines and appliances, around most of your sizes, he'd lick his blood red lips and pull them into his mouth, eating them in one bite! \" The appliances in the room gasped in horror that something that scary sounding was Real! Sweetie looked to them \"Don't worry, I'll never let him get any of you.\" Blenny then nuzzled up against Sweetie, frightened, so she lowered her head and nuzzled him like before. \"Mama Sweetie, please don't let him eat us.\" Blenny begged, crying a little \"I promise, and I know my father won't let him get you either. I assure you, we'll make sure you're safe.\" Sweetie told them \"At least our story starts with a real 'sweetie' if you know what I mean.\" Phil brought up, looking directly at Sweetie Everyone laughed at that, since it was true, that ended up with a very friendly crane and were grateful for that. She would be a great guardian and truly felt better after that. No wonder her and Phil get along, was what some of the appliances were thinking. She was there to help them as if she were family with them all along. To be continued….[Chapter 4] Making a Move and Returning Home Sweetie knew it was nearly time for her to go home soon or her parents might end up worrying about her. She didn't want that to happen, so she knew if she wanted to really get close to Phil, she had to make her move now. She wheel over to the teal hanging lamp, placing a claw on his shade to get his attention. Phil turned to look at her, giving his usual smile \"Yes, silly girl?\" \"I'm trying to be serious this time.\" Sweetie replied, sighing quietly before going on \"Look, I've had a crush on you longer than you think.\" Phil actually seemed interesting in this now, \"How long were you in love with me?\" Sweetie looked him deep in the eyes, \"Ever since I've heard about you when I rebuilt the shop, which was five years ago. When I met you the first time, I really felt love really flutter, for you're much better in the chrome than just hearing about you.'' \"You flatter me, Sweetie.\" Phil responded and nuzzled her before she could so to him. He then whispered something to her: \"You know, your name really fits you, for you truly are a sweetie.\" Sweetie blushed and nuzzled him in return, then whispered back \"I hope you're saying what I think you're saying.\" \"I think you know what I'm saying.\" Phil told her, smiling. \"Well, I thought you'd never ask.\" Sweetie responded. They then nuzzled each other again, right when Ellie and Elizabeth came into the basement. Blenny was watching the crane and lamp nuzzle each other, clearly curious. \"Mama, what are they doing?\" Blenny asked as Ellie picked him up. \"Oh something you don't need to know about.\" Ellie responded taking him away Elizabeth then went over to her tower crane saying, \"Are you ready to go Sweetie? Your mom and dad would love to have you home.\" Sweetie looked to her mistress, saying \"Yes, Lizzy, I'm ready to return home.\" Sweetie and Elizabeth said their good byes to Ellie and her friends and Sweetie was happy that Phil liked her back. However, before the lady and the tower crane could leave, a certain someone managed to sneak into Sweetie's main body. It was Fannie, who was still a real fan of Executor. She would love to see that magnet again, as well as Elizabeth's home, for none of the basement appliances had ever been to Elizabeth's home. When they got back Fannie snuck out of Sweetie's main body, but Sweetie spotted her of course this time. Sweetie then winked her eye at the blue fan, telling her that her secret is safe with me. Little did anyone know, in the forest at the back of Lizzy's Wondrous Creations, the group residing there was being watched from deep within the woods! There, stood a massive blood red mobile crane magnet that was even bigger than Executor. Ravager! His deep brown eyes gazed at them and his mouth was curled up in a devious grin. He soon spotted Ocean Moon and licked his red lips, for lamps were his favorite snack. However, another one there caught his eye, one that he actually didn't want to kill. It was Fannie, and Ravager soon grew interested in her. He didn't make his move yet, but instead, waited for the right moment to make his moves. Fannie got near the fence, near the forest. That's when she got the feeling…. that she was being watched. These beloved characters will return in Ravager's Reign. Thanks again to Lampi01 for allowing me to use your characters in my stories. They are very fun to work with. ","Summary":" Birthday Gift of Love Elizabeth had taken Sweetie to Ellie's house, so the young crane could give a"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"real steel 2","Author":"the writor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11018011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Capitulo1:el regreso Tirmpo después de la epica lucha entre atom y Zeus ishiro se quedo furioso a l ver que Zeus no había ganado del todo su ultima pelea -para el publico no fuimos los ganadores,aunque ganamos la pelea,emos perdido fama,tenemos que darle mas actualizaciones a Zeus si queremos que ese robot de basurero sufra una verdadera derrota ante el publico Mientras tanto en un parque acuático de Oklahoma Alex y su padre ganaban dinero con una de las épicas peleas de atom contra un nuevo y épico robot acuatic guy un raro robot de pelea el cual se usa para reaccionar como una persona en el agua -con 250 kilos de peso y reconocido por todos ustedes el gran:\"ATOM\" Entonces salieron alex y atom bailando la canción y el baile que llevaban acabo -y de este lado,con 330 kilos de peso el campeón del parque acuático:\"ACUATIC GUY\" Entonces de una de las piscinas dio un gran brinco hasta caer a otra picsina salpicando al publico -bien alex,vez a ese chico? -si,es un presumido -presumido pero no invencible,,,,Zeus lo era mas y le dimos una paliza -bien agamoslo Entonces ambos robots subieron al ring y sono la campana -izquierda,muévete atom! Entonces atom empezó esquivando los golpes para no arriesgarse a un knokout -ataque izquierdo,gancho derecho esquiva! Debemos cuidarnos de el, sus ataques son lentos pero son algo fuertes uno de esos podría darle un knokout permanente,asi que,,,,,,,,,vuelta a la izquierda! Mientras peleaban atom recibió un fuerte impacto en el pecho lo que hizo que casi callera,pero recibió otro lo que hizo que su fuera contra las cuerdas Cuando el estaba dispuesto a acabar con el sono la campana y se detubieron Entonces atendieron a atom y después de 5 minuto inicio el segundo round -charlie debemos terminar esto ahora, basta de juegos -eso quieres? Bien! Entonces acuatic guy le dio un gran ataque a la cabeza de atom pero el la esquivo y Charlie dijo -esquiva!,,,,,,,,,ATAQUE DOBLE! Esto confundio un poco a alex pero lo entendio luego de ver la combinación que había creado Charlie un golpe convinado entre un gancho al hígado y al rostro lo que hizo que la cabeza de este volara hasta una pcina infantil con lo cual celebraron Charlie y alex Y después cobraron su paga y regresaron en el camion[Chapter 2] CAPITULO 2: DEBES MEJORAR CUANDO ALEX Y CHARLIE REGRESARON A CASA,CHARLIE LE DIJO A ALEX QUE SI NO ACTUALIZABAN A ATOM,NO AGUANTARIA MUCHAS PELEAS Y CAERIA, ASI QUE FUERON A COMPRAR PARTES NUEVAS PARA ATOM -OK CREO QUE ESTOS PROTECTORES DE PECHO LE AYUDARAN PROTEJERSE -PERO ALEX, ESOS PROTECTORES CUESTAN MUCHA PLATA Y TE LO DIGO….NO CREO QUE LE SEA MUY UTIL A ATOM -¿ENTONCES QUE TIENES EN MENTE? -VEN CONMIGO ENTONCES FUERON A LA CAJA REGISTRADORA -HOLA, NECESITO…..DOS PARES DE HOMBRERAS DE ROBOT ,UN PAR DE MANGAS DE ROBOT Y PINTURA EN AEROSOL FOSFORECENTES -¿PARA QUE NECESITAMOS TODAS ESAS COSAS? -YA LO VERAS ENTONCES SE FUERON DE VUELTA AL TALLER -LA VERDAD NO ME LO EXPLICO CHARLIE,COMO PODRA ESTO CUBRIR A ATOM? -TU SOLO ENCARGATE DE DIBUJARLE BUENOS DETALLES,YA VERAS PARA QUE ES LO DEMAS ENTONCES CHARLIE SE PASO TODA LA TARDE EN EL TALLER UNIENDO CON UN SOPLETE LAS HOMBRERAS Y LAS MANGAS,DESPUES DE 4 HORAS EN EL TALLER FINALMENTE SALIERON AMBOS Y ALEX SE SORPRENDIO -WAOOO! CHARLIE COMO LO HIZISTE? -PUES,FUE FACIL SOLO LE QUITE LA CORASA DEL PECHO DE NOISY BOY,LA PINTE DE NEGRO,UNI LAS HOMBRERAS CON LAS MANGAS,SE LAS PUSE Y AHORA ESTA MAS PROTEGIDO,AHORA ES TU TURNO,PONLE DETALLES ,TAL VEZ SU NOMBRE CON LETRAS CURSIVAS,CON MAYUSCULAS,NO SE TU LO SABRAS -BUENO ESTA BIEN ENTONCES ALEX TOMO PINTURA VERDE FOSFORECENTE Y VOLVIO A PINTARLE SU NOMBRE EN LA PARTE DE EL PECHO,Y UN DIBUJO DE UN GOLPE EN LA PARTE DE ATRÁS PARA HACERLO PARECER RUDO E INTIMIDADOR AUNQUE NO LO ERA. POR OTRA PARTE HISHIRO ESTABA EN EL TALLER DE LA EMPREZA DE ZEUS -ESTO NO DETENDRA POR COMPLETO A ESA LATA DE BASURERO ENTONCES,PENSO POR UNOS MINUTOS Y LLAMO A LOS CONTROLADORES Y A UNOS PIRATAS TECNOLOGICOS -ESCUCHEN LOS SITE,POR QUE QUIERO QUE…ESE ROBOT DE BASURERO QUEDE HUMILLADO ANTE EL PUBLICO ADEMAS DE TOTALMENTE ACABADO EN EL RING -Y QUE QUIERES QUE NOSOTROS HAGAMOS? CONSTRULLAN UN DIMINUTO CHIP Y PONGANSELO,DE FORMA QUE NO HACCEDA A LAS ORDENES QUE LE DEN -Y QUE GANAMOS A CAMBIO? ENTONCES ISHIRO SACO UN CHEQUE POR 100.000 DOLARES Y SE LOS ENTREGO -QUERO QUE ESE ROBOT OCCIDADO CAIGA… ","Summary":" Capitulo1:el regreso Tirmpo después de la epica lucha entre atom y Zeus ishiro se quedo furioso a l"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"taken","Author":"madeofmagic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11453338","Passage":"[Chapter 1] real steel fanfic 2 weeks after the fight with zeus and max is with charlie while aunt debra and her husband are on a long holiday. everyone is happy... exept ricky. He's broke, dumped and he's got nothing left and now he wants revenge. In the shape of an 11 year old blonde child. chapter 1 ricky sat in his old office flicking a pen across the dusty desk. he was broke to high hell and downright humiliated. he got dumped in front of a whole crowd of people leaving the big zeus fight and now he had virtually nothing exept a dusty fairground that had long since dried up in buisness. he had no robots, no girl, no money. not even a decent cigarette. ricky growled and slammed his fist on the desk. everthing gone. and it was all because of charlie kenton and his irritating little brat max. they ruined everything along with that hunk of metal atom. ricky wonderd how he would get revenge if the oppertunity came... he sat up suddenly. he got and idea. he had lost the things that ment the most to him because of charlie kenton. well if max ment as much to him as it appeared the charlie was going to know how it felt. charlie woke up to small hands shaking his shoulder. he groaned and peared bleary eyed at the clock on his phone. 8 am. how this kid has this much energy in the morning is beyond me. gotta make him lay of the soda! \"dad get up. come on we have a big fight tonight and i wanna run through some fighting techniques with atom\". charlie grinned in his sleep. it always made him grin when max called him dad, considering when they first met at the beginning of summer they didnt even want to look at eachother let alone talk to eachother. still dad had a nice ring to it. even if it was 8 in the morning. finally max stopped shaking his shoulder and charlie sighed and rolled onto his back. just 5 more minutes... until max jumped and landed on his chest with a thump. \"ahh max\" charlie groaned, forcing open his eyes and glaring sleepily at the messy head of blonde hair that was perched on his stomache. charlie pulled himself up in a sitting position and ran a hand through his cropped hair with a yawn. \"geez kiddo could you have been up any earlier\"? he muttered, earning a giggle from the 11 year old. \"its not that early, or do you need more beauty sleep to get rid of those wrinkles of yours\"? charlie gasped in fake shock and pulled max into a tight headlock, rubbing his knuckles against the 11 year olds skull. \"wrinkles huh\" he questioned as max squirmed in a desperate attempt to get free \"you sure about that kid\"? \"ok, ok, you dont have wrinkles\" max whined \"ah dad knock it off\". charlie rolled his eyes and released his arm. max shook his head and glared at him. charlie smirked. \"thats what who get for waking me up early and insulting my wonderful youth\". \"you sure about the second one\"? max muttered. \"whatever\" charlie retorted, ruffling max's hair \"now go get dressed if you're so desperate to go over those fighting moves. i'll be with you in a bit\". max grinned and sprinted into his motel room to get dressed. charlie sighed. that kid is gonna make me age 10 times faster than normal with that amount of energy. and this is a normal day! later \"right upper cut\"! charlie yelled into the head peice, watching atom from the side of the truck. a long metal arm swung upwards into thin air with a lightning fast speed and dropped back into its place in a fighting stance. charlie grinned and took off the head set and left it on the bench beside the truck. \"we're all good max. just gotta run some checks on his joints and then he's ready to fight\". max grinned and ran up to atom, switching him back to shadow mode. atom raised his head and followed max as he lead him back into the truck. charlie jumped in after them and helped max run a check over atoms arm and leg joints. \"oh i had a text from bailey. she said good luck tonight, she'll be watching us.\" \"oh better make a good impression then dad. gotta look good and win the fight to impress the lady\" max taunted. charlie glared at him. you wait until you get a girlfreind. you are never gonna hear the end of it! \"yeah, yeah, whatever kid\" he said, standing up and stretching \"now get the rust bucket in his charger and lets get going\". max grinned and pushed atoms charger into his back and practically flew out of the truck and into the passenger seat. charlie sighed. yep, definatly lay off the soda. chapter 2 the final punch landed atoms apponent face down of the floor. max cheered in delight as the count finished leaving atom victorious once more. strong arms lifted him up and swung him round in a victory turn, before setting him down and pulling him towards atom. charlie called atom to the corner and max ajusted his setting to shadow mode, leading him out of the ring while charlie collected the money. waiting patiently in the corridor, max glanced up at atom, admiring the the bots glowing eyes. he owed that robot alot. atom had been the one that saved his life and brought him and his dad together. he owed atom alot and their wasn't a day when he wasn't grateful. max snapped out of his daze when a pair of hands grabbed him from behind and he was lifted onto charlies shoulder. \"nice fight kid\" charlie said \"you did good\". \"thanks dad\" max said, squeezing charlies hand \"how much did we get\"? \"$1500. not bad huh\"? max grinned down at charlie with a smile that would shame a cheshire cat as he nodded his head in aggrement. charlie slipped max down to the floor and wrapped a arm around his shoulder. \"lets get atom to the truck. he could probably do with a couple of repairs\". max and charlie strolled across the car park with atom clumping along behind them, blue eyes lighting up the dark empty car park. they reached the truck and lowerd the ramp and charlie lead atom inside and plugged him into the charger. max placed his arms and legs into the holders so they wouldnt be damaged when the drove and lept out the back onto the concrete floor. charlie followed,shutting the ramp. \"lets go kid. i dont know about you but im beat, although the 11 year old alarm i had this morning didnt really help\" charlie groaned with a mock glare. max just sniggerd at him, clearly not really feeling or caring about the sarcasm radiating off the glare. \"yeah yeah, whatever\". charlie sighed in defeat. cheeky brat. then he looked down at max, who was grinning up at him. my cheeky brat. \"so max, your birthdays coming up. what would you like to do\"? \"dunno dad. maybe we could practice boxing? just you and me\"? charlie grinned \"i dont see why...\" \"well aint that just precious\"? someone yelled...[Chapter 2] the final punch landed atoms apponent face down of the floor. max cheered in delight as the count finished leaving atom victorious once more. strong arms lifted him up and swung him round in a victory turn, before setting him down and pulling him towards atom. charlie called atom to the corner and max ajusted his setting to shadow mode, leading him out of the ring while charlie collected the money. waiting patiently in the corridor, max glanced up at atom, admiring the the bots glowing eyes. he owed that robot alot. atom had been the one that saved his life and brought him and his dad together. he owed atom alot and their wasn't a day when he wasn't grateful. max snapped out of his daze when a pair of hands grabbed him from behind and he was lifted onto charlies shoulder. \"nice fight kid\" charlie said \"you did good\". \"thanks dad\" max said, squeezing charlies hand \"how much did we get\"? \"$1500. not bad huh\"? max grinned down at charlie with a smile that would shame a cheshire cat as he nodded his head in aggrement. charlie slipped max down to the floor and wrapped a arm around his shoulder. \"lets get atom to the truck. he could probably do with a couple of repairs\". max and charlie strolled across the car park with atom clumping along behind them, blue eyes lighting up the dark empty car park. they reached the truck and lowerd the ramp and charlie lead atom inside and plugged him into the charger. max placed his arms and legs into the holders so they wouldnt be damaged when the drove and lept out the back onto the concrete floor. charlie followed,shutting the ramp. \"lets go kid. i dont know about you but im beat, although the 11 year old alarm i had this morning didnt really help\" charlie groaned with a mock glare. max just sniggerd at him, clearly not really feeling or caring about the sarcasm radiating off the glare. \"yeah yeah, whatever\". charlie sighed in defeat. cheeky brat. then he looked down at max, who was grinning up at him. my cheeky brat. \"so max, your birthdays coming up. what would you like to do\"? \"dunno dad. maybe we could practice boxing? just you and me\"? charlie grinned \"i dont see why...\" \"well aint that just precious\"? someone yelled. max and charlie whirled around to see ricky standing 2 metres away. two other guys that looked like they would take a bottle of beer and a pack of cheap cigarettes as payment for an assassination stood by his side. charlie casually pushed max behind him. regardless of the fact that ricky never did the dirty work himself and that his helpers looked as dumb as a post, he didnt want them to see max. he could tell that ricky was ticked even though he got his money back. finn had told him what had happend after they left the fight with zeus. serves him right. that ass nearly hurt max and i nearly lost him again. ricky laughed again at charlies actions. \"aww protectin' your boy are we kenton. well ain't we just the perfect daddy.\" max tighted his grip on charlies wrist and a growl formed at the back of charlies throat. \"what the hell do you want ricky\"? ricky laughed again. \"now now, charlie boy. im just catchin' up with old freinds. thought ya' would have missed me\". ricky glanced past charlie and peered at max. \"well ya' kids grown charlie boy. gonna get bigger than you i reckon\". max tensed and charlie pushed him further behind his back. \"you keep him out of this ricky now what the hell do you want\"? \"I want\" ricky paused, smirking for a moment, \"revenge. I lost everythin' that mattered the most ta' me. so now im gonna take the thing that matters the most ta you. boys grab the kid\". rickys goons advanced on charlie and max. charlie was faster. a strong punch landed square on one of the goons faces, sending him tumbling to the floor. charlie turned, boxer and father instincts in overdrive, grabbed max and ran, max sprinting beside him. the floor pounded behind them as ricky and his goons chased after them. (yeah yeah, i know. deja vue and all that) \"max run\" charlie yelled, trying to encourage him to go faster. max willed his legs to move but the floor was coverd in large stones and bricks, making running without tripping practically impossible. charlie kept going. the same words were running like a mantra in his head. keep running, keep running, dont let them get max, keep- suddenly his thought was cut off as a large stone hit the back of his head and sent him tumbling to the ground. max tumbled after him. rickys goons ran forward. one grabbed max and held him off the ground in a vise like grip, rendering his struggling usless. charlie tried to get up and reach him but was pulled down by the other goon with ricky landing cheap kicks to his stomache to keep him there (again!) max was kicking hard at the mans knees and thighs in a bitter attempt to get free but the goon smacked him on the head with his fist and max had to stop moving in an attempt not to bite his tougne off, forceing him to watch helplessly as ricky kicked his fathers rib cage again and again to keep him down on the floor. charlie's nose was bleeding furiously and he was sporting a nasty cut on his forehead. he wasn't yelping in pain (max knew he was to proud for that) but the groans of agoney that escaped his lips told max that his torso was gonna be sporting some pretty nasty bruises after this. ricky stopped to catch his breath and pulled away to admire his work. \"you boxers never were much cop at runnin' were ya'\"? he taunted, with a smug as grin. he then walked over to max and grabbed his chin, tilting his face upwards. max scrunched up his face. he could smell old acholol and stale cigarettes on his breath \"yer comin' with me kid\". \"ricky leave him\" charlie spluttered out, attempting to crawl to max. his effort proved fruitless however as rickys goons simply kicked him backwards into the dirt. ricky laughed, still gripping max by the shoulders. \"sorry charlie boy? couldn' quite catch that\". \"asshole\"! max spat out, yerning himself a strong squeeze from ricky that made him yelp in pain. \"watch yer' mouth kid\" ricky snapped \"or i'll break yer' damn shoulder\". charlie POV his ribs felt like they were on fire and he knew he was bleeding but he couldnt bring himself to think about the pain. all he could focus on was the fact that his child was in danger. ricky was going to hurt max! he couldnt let that happen! he tried to crawl to them but rickys goons held him back, determined to keep him down in the dirt. he heard max insult ricky and couldnt help but grin a little. in danger and still staying strong. thats my boy! the victory was short lived however as he heard max yelp in pain and ricky threaten him further harm. \"ricky you touch him and i'll kill you\". \"relax kenton. i ain't gonna touch im' yet.\" ricky sneered. \"but...\" he peered into max's face \"if ya' try ta' follow me then ill be goin' back on that statement. this is justice fa' me charlie boy. ya' took all i had from me after that dumb bot ya' found won that damn fight. dont even have a decent cigarette ta' smoke no more\". normal POV ricky paused and grasped max's face. charlie tried to struggle again but it only resulted in another kick in the ribs from rickys goons. ricky peered deep into max's eyes, causing max to nearly gag. rickys breath stank of cheap tobacco. he peered at charlie and wished that someone would see them. he may have been a brave kid but right now he was scared and he wanted his dad to hold him and chase those fears away. charlies arms may have been tough due to years of muscle build up but thay were warm and secure and they made him feel safe. ricky continued on with his monologe (for the record, i know its cliche but it fits in with the situation. im just hoping i can type this without punching my laptop screen!) \"then i started to think. maybe ill take out ma' anger on tha' person that cost me all that. problem is kenton, i cant hurt you pysically. did that last time and it did nothin'. so now tha' only way i can get to ya'... is ta' take your boy\". \"NO\" max yelled, causing charlie to try and struggle again to reach him. ricky, finally having enough with his goons being unable to hold him down, kicked charlie hard in the head. charlie groaned in pain as he hit the dirt once more and black spots lined his vision. the last thing he saw before the world went black was max being carried away. hiya. madeofmagic here. i am so sorry i havn't updated recently. thank you to the person that commented on my story, i really do appriciate the reveiws. i am also sorry to anyone that doesnt have an account and wasn't able to comment. i know how frustrating it is to want to tell some one to update and not be able to. i will try and update more as the christmas holidays are now coming, so i will have more time to do so. hope to see you guys later :) ","Summary":" real steel fanfic 2 weeks after the fight with zeus and max is with charlie while aunt debra and he"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Corazón de Acero","Author":"Like a Stone","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10437241","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Advertencia: Esta historia es Yaoi (Chico x Chico), si no te gusta no sigas leyendo... de ser lo contrario que lo disfruten. Hola soy nueva en esto de hacer fics y decidí hacerlo de una película que me gusta mucho, espero les guste… además de darme el lujo de inaugurar la sección de Real Steel en español xD. Disclaimer: Los personajes no son míos, le pertenecen DreamWorks Picture Studio. Por cierto en esta historia los personajes no son propiamente robots, son androides con armaduras. o algo asi (imaginacion) Corazones de Acero Cap.1 Midas PV Era un día como cualquier otro, el cielo tenía un agradable color gris y estaba lloviendo, mis compañeros y yo nos encontrábamos en el amplio gimnasio que se encontraba en el sótano de la gran mansión en la que vivíamos; Ambush golpeaba un costal de arena mientras lo insultaba, Zeus le enseñaba algunas técnicas a Atom, Metro se golpeaba la cabeza con su mano-martillo; cosa que me pareció sumamente raro pero al mismo tiempo me causaba gracia su forma de entrenar. Yo estaba tratando de mentalizarme para ganar, ya que tendría una pelea en un par de horas, sin embargo me encontraba aburrido, por lo que me distraje mirando a mi alrededor, en ese momento vi a Noisy Boy quien se encontraba entrenando sumamente aislado de los demás, en ese momento pensé en que el samurái y yo nunca habíamos cruzado palabra, de hecho ninguno de los que vivíamos hay lo habíamos escuchado hablar, era demasiado solitario, y siempre se aislaba del resto, como si no le gustara que invadieran a su espacio personal tampoco es como que me importase así que desvié mi mirada hacia la empañada ventana y continúe con lo mío. Luego de la pelea de Midas Me dirigía a mi habitación, como todo un Winner después de haber ganado la pelea y en el pasillo me encontré con Noisy Boy, me detuve y cruzamos miradas, su mirada era fría y mostraba cierto desprecio, pero le reste importancia, no era la primera vez que me miraban así, el samurái se acercó más a mí, y cuando estuvimos frente a frente me pregunto. – ¿Por qué me observabas? – ¿De qué hablas? – respondí sorprendido, pues era la primera vez que lo oía hablar. – En el gimnasio hace unas horas, sentí tu mirada. – ¿Yo te miraba… a ti?, No lo recuerdo. Después de eso me hice a un lado y seguí con mi camino, pero al darnos la espalda me preguntó. – ¿Tú eres Midas? El sanguinario asesino de oro. – Sí. – Un gusto, no creo que sea necesario que yo me presente, seguramente sabrás quien soy. – De hecho, sí, eres Noisy Boy El samurái de acero. Escuche lo que me parecieron risas provenientes de él y seguido de esto siguió caminando y yo hice lo mismo. Noisy PV Cuando llegue a mi habitación, pensé en lo poco que había hablado con Midas, y en su respuesta a mi pregunta, tal vez realmente no me miro y yo solo imagine que quería pleito, sin embargo fue la primera vez que hablo con alguien desde que llegue a este lugar, no es que me caigan mal, pero me es incómodo hablar inglés, además soy muy reservado con mi espacio personal, sin embargo creo que no me molestaría acercarme a Midas en plan de amigos, no es que realmente me interese su amistad pero la soledad empieza a corromper mi cordura,,,,ademas creo que el es el dueño de la casa... . . . Yojola espero le haya interesado este primer cap. de Corazón de Acero y que me dejen reviews con su opinión. Adios.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Los personajes no son míos, le pertenecen DreamWorks Picture Studio. . . . Corazones de Acero Cap.2 A la mañana siguiente, amaneció con un cielo despejado y mucho sol, midas se levante y se dio una ducha después de esto salió de su habitación con dirección al comedor donde supuso que no habría nadie ya que aún era temprano pero se encontró con Atom y Noisy Boy. PV MIDAS Cuando entre en el comedor me encontré con Noisy y Atom, él primero se encontraba sentado en una silla frente a la mesa sobre la cual tenía los pies elevados mientras leía un libro, sin embargo él segundo se encontraba observando, mejor dicho admirando a Noisy con detenida atención; El samurái volteo a verme y cruzamos hasta que Atom me saludo eufóricamente cosa que me hizo desviar la mirada hacia él. – ¡Hola Midas! – saludo él pequeño androide de ojos azules. – Hola – respondí con voz pasiva. Estaba seguro de que Noisy no me había dejado de observar, después se levantó y se fue hacia el gimnasio o eso creo; Atom se me acerco y pregunto con curiosidad. – ¿Tú lo conoces? – No, no exactamente – Respondí con inseguridad. – Yo desayune con él… pero no me dirigió palabra alguna, ni siquiera me miro. Mire extrañado a Atom, en ese momento bajaron los otros tres (Zeus, Metro y Ambush)… En la Noche… Zeus y yo tuvimos una pelea amistosa para entrenar, apenas terminamos subí a la sala y me senté en uno de los sillones. – ¡Oye Midas! Vamos a por unas hamburguesas… ¿te apuntas? – Grito Ambush desde la puerta. – ¡No tengo hambre! – Respondí mientras me recostaba sobre el sofá. Ambush, Metro y Zeus salieron de la casa donde solo que damos Atom, Noisy y yo, el pequeño se encontraba bailando en la cocina, y el otro no sé dónde carajos estaba… tampoco es como si me interesara y me tape la cara con la almohada del sofá que estaba frente a mí, escuche que alguien se sentaba en el mismo, me quite la almohada y vi a Noisy Boy leyendo un libro. – ¿Por qué no nos hablas?, ¿Te caemos mal? – Pregunte algo inseguro para romper el hielo. Noisy bajo el libro y me miró fijamente a los ojos, yo lo mire de igual forma, volví a sentarme en el sofá y él respondió. – No es que me caigan mal, tampoco me caen bien, es que me es incómodo hablar inglés. – Y a mí japonés – lo interrumpí. – ¿Me tomas el pelo? – Amm, no… en verdad hablo japonés. – No te creo – dijo el con tono molesto. – No me creas – respondí encogiéndome de hombros. – ¿De dónde eres? Me sorprendió su pregunta, no era normal que él quisiese hablar más y mucho menos pedir información sobre otro. – De aquí, U.S.A…. Eres raro– Él frunció el ceño, yo me levante del sofá – Pero eres cool. PV Noisy Boy /No sabía porque el rubio me había dicho eso; cool ¿Yo?... Creo que me quiso hacer un cumplido, pero lo que si entendía era que Midas era más raro que yo, incluso más raro que cualquiera de los otros robots con los que vivimos… ¿O quizás no?, como ese pequeño robot que baila, ese sí que es raro. / ","Summary":" Advertencia: Esta historia es Yaoi (Chico x Chico), si no te gusta no sigas leyendo... de ser lo co"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Feel The Rhythm","Author":"lookalike5516","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9008806","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kristen Reithe only had one dream. To become a professional robot boxer. She began to live her dream one day when her father decided that he wanted a robot boxer of his own. And that day, was when everything happened. \"Dad! Give him a signature mark! Like a tattoo! That'll be so cool!\" \"Okay, okay, calm down Kris. I'm adding the final adjustments.\" \"I'll be in the living room with mum.\" Kristen exited her father's robot garage excitedly. Kristen loved robot boxing and she knew all the names. She had magazines, tapes and even scrap pieces of the best. \"Is it done yet?\" she cried. The girl sat on a raggy old sofa with bits of stuffing sticking out as her mother smiled on the opposite seat with a robot hand in her hand. The floor was covered with cloths and messes of oil and screws. The upper light was barely enough to light the house, but it was enough for the small family of three. \"I'm almost done and…\" Kristen stood on ends as she waited for her father to finish his sentence. Her bright blue eyes were twinkling and she tried to distract herself by twirling on lock of her dark brown hair. She was waiting for her father to show his finished product. \"Well?\" she bit her lower lip. She hoped it wasn't going to be a dud. \"Dad?\" she got up and walked into the garage. What she saw, made her gasp in awe and it made her completely speechless. There was a robot right in front of her. It was platinum and had a beautiful gold treble clef on its chest. Its eyes were big and blue and its hands were nice a large. Good for punching. The robot's final touches was a pair of headphones resting on its shoulders. \"I knew you loved music dear, so, I thought I'd made it musical. His name is TrebleClef.\" The dad used a controller to move its arms and displayed a few moves. When the robot punched and dodged, Kristen could hear music. It was beautiful. Her skinny anorexic like body circled the robot. \"I love it. It's amazing.\" She cried. \"That's great Hon. Let's show your mum.\" The two quickly called their mother over to examine the beautiful bot. It was happy days for the Reithe family, but all happy things come to an end. Once it was mid July. It was snowing and the temperature was madness. Kristen had lost her parents that very day in July. They died in a car accident, and she knew, that they would want their legacy to live on. Kristen entered the robot garage after her parents' funeral and flipped on the switch. TrebleClef was still shiny and new. Kristen smiled. She loved TrebleClef just as much as she loved her parents. She took the remote to control T.C. \"Game on.\" 6 months later \"We have a winner! TrebleClef has done it again folks! Our new reining champion of the Junkyard!\" the commentator announced. Crowds and crowds of people cheered the little girl on. Kristen smirked happily. \"There's no competition these days. Bring me the big guns!\" The man she had beaten begrudgingly handed the six thousand dollars. \"Happy?!\" he shouted. \"Very.\" She replied. \"I would like to give my bot a go at yours.\" A voice said behind the girl. Kristen smirked while she turned around. \"And who's challenging?\" There was a small boy, about Kristen's age, ten years old. He had light brown hair and a very cute face. There was another with him. A taller much more older man. He had stubble on his chin and wore dark shady sunglasses. \"Max Kenton and Charlie Kenton. Our bot Atom wants to give a go at your bot Treble.\" Charlie said. Kristen scoffed. \"That thing?\" Kristen pointed to the run down bot in the corner who's face was barely intact. \"TrebleClef will blow his face off in minutes.\" The girl bragged. \"Let the ring decide that.\" Max said. \"Game on.\" Kristen smirked. Their robots were thrown in the rink for a fight to determine who's was better. \"A little girl is going to control a big robot? Easy money.\" Charlie chuckled. The first round had started and Kristen went in for the first blow. Bam! It hit Atom right in the face. \"You won't be able to catch up to Treble's rhythm.\" The girl laughed. \"Hey kid!\" Charlie shouted. She stopped laughing. \"What?!\" she asked. \"Don't take your eyes off the match.\" And with those final words, Atom had just made an uppercut on TrebleClef which left the bot in a stun. Once the robot calmed down, Kristen had him do a combo on Atom which brought the sparing bot to the floor. \"1! 2! 3!\" \"Get up Atom! Come on!\" Max pleaded. \"6! 7! 8!\" \"I said get up!\" After Max encouraged his robot a bit more, it was on its feet quickly. Max and Charlie cheered victoriously and continued the fight. Kristen gritted her teeth and jabbed a random button. She made TrebleClef do a right uppercut but Atom swiftly dodged. Once after dodging, Atom did a punch in the stomach and elbowed TrebleClef to the ground. Kristen dropped Treble's remote. \"Get up! Come on Treble!\" the girl stared at the people around her. Once the count finished, Charlie and max were cheering happily. \"Woohooo!\" Max and Charlie screamed. \"The new Champion of the Junkyard arena, Atom!\" Max and Charlie, after getting their prize money, made their way to their truck for a road trip to the next city. \"In your face!\" one of the junkyard girls said to Kristen. \"You deserved it Crap Kristy.\" A blonde haired girl with eye liner and lipstick walked up to Kristen with a group of girls dressed rowdily, smirking. \"That was for Leocarf.\" Kristen rolled her eyes. \"It's not my fault you robot totally stinks Trixie.\" Kristen stuck out her tongue and grabbed TrebleClef's remote. \"I got my own problems to solve.\" Kristen smiled. She took her robot and made sure to follow Max and Charlie to wherever it was they were going. \"Did you see that awesome hit?\" Max shouted, imitating Atom's final blow on TrebleClef. Charlie chuckled wildly. \"We scored 500,000 dollars.\" Max and Charlie were completely unaware of Kristen's presence. \"I can't believe that TrebleClef was such a great bot anyway.\" Charlie said. \"I wonder what the name of its owner is.\" Kristen found an opportunity to enter the conversation. \"Name's Kristen. Kristen Reithe.\" Kristen said from behind. Charlie and Max quickly shifted their heads. \"Whoa! When did you get there?\" Max asked. Kristen smiled. \"Just a moment ago. Listen,\" she began \"do you guys have room for one more? I really need somewhere to stay and my parents aren't around. So what do you say boys?\" she smiled brightly. \"No.\" Charlie said. Kristen lost her smile. \"What?! Why?!\" she shouted. \"I can't handle anymore kids onboard. Okay? It's just the way it is. Deal with it.\" Charlie said before walking away. \"Wait- Kristen had tripped and fallen on the cold concrete floor. \"Please. I can't stand it here anymore.\" She begged. \"My family died months ago and all I've been doing was thrashing around all the weak robots. My home is a garbage can and my food comes from trash. I've only got Treble with me.\" she said. Charlie was dead silent. Max looked up at the man. He had pity in his eyes. \"You can join us.\" Kristen quickly got on her feet and happily rejoiced. \"Oi, oi. This isn't something for you to decide on Max.\" Charlie said. \"She's happy and we could use TrebleClef. It's a win-win situation.\" Max explained. \"On one condition.\" Kristen said. The two boys looked at her. \"What?\" \"I control my robot.\" The girl smirked, she held her hand out for the deal. \"Do we have a deal?\" Max and Charlie glanced at one another. \"Deal.\" They shook her hands and they headed for the truck. \"Don't complain about your sleeping arrangements okay? And don't blame me if you don't like your new home.\" Charlie said. Kristen shrugged. \"As long as I get entertainment and have someone to talk to, I don't really care.\" The girl was screaming with excitement on the inside and her stomach had butterflies. \"Hop on in.\" Charlie unlocked the truck doors and the two ten years old jumped in. Once Charlie got into the driver's seat, he started the engine and thought about making conversation. \"So, Kristen, we never properly introduced ourselves. I'm Charlie Kenton and this here is my son- \"Max. Max Kenton.\" Max held out his hand for Kristen. \"Nice knowing you guys.\" Kristen said, shaking the boy's hand. \"You don't have to cut into my sentence Max.\" Charlie said. \"I know, I just felt like it.\" Max giggled. Kristen and Max fist bumped. \"Man, this is going to be one awesome ride.\" Kristen chuckled as the radio played the previous match at the Junkyard.[Chapter 2] Um…. I don't know how to say this but….. I'm sorry. I won't be updating for a while. I've lost all my documents, all my latest chapters, everything. All on my USB. Apparently someone has stolen it and most likely have deleted all of my files. So, I won't be updating for a while. Well, for a long while. If I'm lucky, I might find my USB. But, to tell you the truth, I'm not too happy about my chances….. I'm really sorry. To all of you. I know you all were really looking forward to a great next chapter, and I promise, when I get them back, I'll use every bit of the creativity I own to make an amazing next chapter. I know you guys are wondering why I don't just type the chapter up on my computer/laptop, I was thinking of doing that, but for some odd reason I can't. I don't know what's up with that, but if I could I would've done it already. So, I hate to say this, but…. I'm lookalike5516 and…. I'll be signing out temporarily. I really am sorry everyone. I really am…. I hope you guys understand. ","Summary":" Kristen Reithe only had one dream. To become a professional robot boxer. She began to live her drea"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Be Who We Are","Author":"seasidewriter1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9925052","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Ferris Bueller's Day Off of any of the characters; I only own my OC Raelyn. Foreword: Hello everyone! Glad you see ya dropped in to give this story a look! I'm happy to say this story was requested by xXShatteredTemptationXx , and I'm really looking forward to writing it! This is a Cameron/OC story and I hope you all enjoy reading! Onwards and forwards! 1. Let's Play Hooky Ring, Ring. The nicely folded pile of clothes in my hands slipped from my fingers and settled on the floor while I leapt across my bedroom; I grabbed for my phone as it continued to ring on my bedside table. The rest of my family was most likely still waking up, and the last thing I needed were grumpy younger siblings and peeved-off parents. I landed stretched out on my bed, finally able to grab a hold of the blue plastic receiver on the fifth ring. Before I could question who was calling so early, a voice said, \" You usually pick up on the seventh ring. I'm impressed, Rae .\" The person who the voice belonged to was clearly smirking and I'd already known who it was the moment he'd spoken the first word. It was my life long best friend and the notorious Ferris Bueller. \" Why are you calling me at six in the morning Ferris? You know how my family is in the morning! Do you need a ride to school or something? 'Cause I'll probably let you stand on the street corner because you're already making me late,\" I told him in a quiet and tired voice, curling my finger into the phone wire. Ferris chuckled and I could hear music playing softly in the background. \" Oh, Rae… sweet, dear, Rae. Have you looked outside today? You obviously haven't. So, go to the window, go on, do it. \" Sighing, I rolled my eyes and didn't move an inch. \" I don't hear movement… \" His voice had turned sing-songy. \" Screw you, Bueller…\" I gathered up what strength I had that morning and made myself stand and shuffle to the window. Holding the phone receiver between my shoulder and my cheek, I tugged my curtains open, squinting in the sudden sunlight. After being momentarily blinded, I blinked to clear my vision and peered outside into my yard. \" Now do you see what I mean? \" Ferris' voice inquired. And, honestly, I did see what he meant. The sunlight was warm on my face and was glinting off the dewy grass below; the perfect amount of clouds lazily crept across the sheet of blue sky, allowing pleasant spots of shade to pass over every now and again. Birds chirped cheerfully and squirrels scuttled into the branches of trees. Sighing, I leaned against my windowpane and felt something wither inside of me-of course the perfect day was a school day. \" Yeah. Yeah, I do. But what does this excruciatingly nice weather have to do with why you called me?\" I asked as I bent down to pick up my pile of dropped clothes. Ferris' voice chuckled in my ear from across the line and I could hear him tap on what was presumably his window. \" Everything, Raelyn . Everything . I'm taking the day off. I thought you might like to join me .\" I froze half way to my bed. It was for this exact reason Ferris was notorious. He could fake illness the way a Broadway singer could belt out a song. He'd take days off every here and there just because he could and because he wanted to. Needless to say, the principle, Rooney, had it out for him. But Ferris had some how managed to rope me into his little day-off schemes a few times before and, to my amazement, didn't get us caught. Most kids would worry about their parents finding out about their hooky days, and I understood that fear. While most of the days off Ferris dragged me off were fun, my parents wouldn't have taken too kindly to finding out I was skipping school. They were workaholics, but they weren't stupid. \" You aren't serious are you?\" I asked. My fingers curled into the sweater in my hands, which was far too thick for how warm it probably was. \" Serious as a heart attack. Besides, I called you Raelyn, that usually means business, right? \" Ferris scoffed as if I were the insane one. It was true though; everyone I knew, besides teachers maybe, called me Rae, and only said my full name, Raelyn, should I get in trouble or if the situation was serious. \" So. The day off. How 'bout it? \" \" No, Ferris. We have a test on European Socialism, remember?\" I pointed out, voice trembling slightly as I glanced out the window again. It was awfully tempting… the day was absolutely perfect and to be kept inside was a sin. \" I know, yet another reason to skip. Besides, I can hear the doubt in your voice. How many times have I asked you to skip with me? \" \" Ten!\" \" How many times have you actually done it? \" I paused. \" Five…\" \" And, Rae, how many times did you have fun? \" \" Three .\" \" Well there's your proof-wait, three!? \" Ferris sputtered. \" One time you rammed my head into a wall after tackling me to give you a Coke and the other time was when I was actually sick.\" \" Besides those two times , you did have fun though. So, get your parents to let you stay home sick and come over! Today's gonna be big I can just feel it! We'll do everything and anything! Please, Rae? \" His voice had turned pleading, the exact way it did when he gave that adorably childish pout he'd mastered at age six. I sighed and sat on the edge of my mattress, rubbing my eyes. A part of me screamed 'absolutely not' and the other part chanted 'Do it!' Well… What the Hell? Smiling a bit, I shook my head as I replied. \" Alright, fine. I'll try. This is why we're friends though; if I get caught, you're going down with me,\" I scolded, tossing my clothes into the piled up laundry hamper in the corner. A victorious laugh assaulted my ear. \" Yes! Rae, we won't get caught, I swear! Today will be big, I promise! So, remember what I told you about pretending to be sick and once you get your parents and siblings off your back, get your ass over to my house! \" The receiver clicked on the other end and I hung up. Then, the rational bit of my head asked what the hell I was doing. And, at that moment, even I wasn't sure. So, grabbing the glass of water on my bedside table, I took the hem of my shirt and wet it a bit; I gently spotted it on my forehead to just give it a bit of sheen and then flopped down back into bed, curling up with the blankets to my chin. Clearing my throat once, I let out a loud cough and clenched my eyes shut. As I heard footsteps climbing the stairs, I rubbed my hands together furiously under my blankets. Click . \" Honey?\" came my mother's quiet voice. I slowly opened my eyes with a creased forehead and a squinted expression. \" Hey, Mom…\" I muttered, rolling onto my other side to face her. A concerned look crossed her face as she came to sit on the edge of my bed. \" Are you feeling alright, Raelyn?\" \" Not really.\" I lifted my warmed hands to my face, curling up as I coughed into them and, as Ferris so pleasantly taught me, I licked my palms. \" Is it your stomach?\" she asked. \" Mm-hmm… and my head… it's pounding and… why is so… hot in here?\" For good measure, I coughed into my pillow. Shifting 'uncomfortably' under my blankets, I groaned—I didn't get sick often, so this would hopefully work. My Mother's cool hand pressed to my forehead and I slowly placed my own on her wrist. She gave a disapproving cluck of her tongue, her pale green eyes worried. \" Darling, you're sweating... and your hands are clammy… You're staying home, young lady. Now, I thought I heard something was going around…\" she murmured, standing with her hands on her skirt clad hips. \" But… Mom, I have a test and… and Gabe has soccer practice that I… need to drive him to…\" I groaned, beginning to sit up. Her loving and comforting hands gently pressed me back onto my mattress. \" Sweetie, I'll drive Gave; I'll take your car for the day. What you need is to rest. Besides, I'm sure your teacher will allow you to make up the test. Now, go back to sleep and remember that if you need anything, give us a call,\" she said, tucking the blankets back around me. I gave a grateful smile and nuzzled back into my bed. \" Okay… thanks, Mom.\" \" Your father and I will check on you the moment we get home, alright?\" She pressed a kiss to my cheek. The door clicked shut. I lay still for a good ten or so minutes, and when the front door shut and the two cars started up outside, I knew I'd somehow prevailed, which was a shocker considering I was a terrible actress. I sat up and stared around my blue0walled room, expecting to wake up and have had everything be a dream. But, as a minute more ticked by, I was assured it was real. After jogging to my window to see if my parents were truly gone, which they were, I scoffed and shook my head. \" Unbelievable…\" I muttered. I ran to my phone and dialed Ferris' number. After only a ring and a half, he picked up. \" Hello? \" he asked, sounding genuinely sick as hell. I rolled my eyes and leaned against my wall, deciding to humor him for a moment. \" Oh, Ferris, my darling , how do you feel?\" I asked in a sugary tone, placing a hand over my heart, smirking. Over the line, he snorted. \" Just fine, my lovely Rae of Sun. May I sat it is safe to assume your parents bought it?\" he asked, matching at first before sounding self-satisfied. \" Perfectly safe to say it. I'll be over as fast as I can. By the way, never call my your 'lovely Rae of Sun' ever again; not only is it kind of cheesy, but I think Sloan would probably murder you,\" I teased before hanging up on him. I tossed my window open to judge the temperature of the air outside; it was that time of year where it could be just warm enough to not need a sweater, or cold enough to need layers. The air that came through the white windowpane was warm enough to be comfortable but cool enough to signal that summer was not yet here. I slid the window shut again and tugged on the basics; jeans, a tank top and a cropped blue sweater. After yanking a brush through my brown hair and grabbing my white canvas Converse, I jogged down my steps and yanked the shoes on sock-less. I pattered around the house for a moment, sliding on a straw fedora and acquiring my sunglasses, which took residence in my jeans pocket. I pocketed my spare key and set out on sneaking through the neighborhood yards to get to the Bueller residence. OOOO After quickly ringing Ferris' doorbell twice, I quickly slipped inside and looked around the spacious front hall. \" Hey, Ferris!\" I called out. \" Bedroom!\" came his response. I ran up the familiar hall and opened the door, finding Ferris lounging in a desk chair, brushing a comb through his thick rich-brown hair. He turned his head and looked a t me, grinning a signature grin. \" You look self-satisfied,\" I pointed out, flopping onto his bed stomach first. \" Well, I got you here didn't I?\" Ferris asked cheekily. I rolled my eyes and set my hat at the foot of his bed. \" So, what evil plans are you dragging me into today?\" \" Ph! Evil? Wait. Drag? \" Ferris' body suddenly dropped hard down onto the bed beside me, arching both his eyebrows. He laughed and rolled onto his back. \" Rae, you chose to come. Even if there's some tiny little adult in your head telling you 'no,' you're always going to ignore it. You really want to do this! Admit it. We've been friends since we were, what three? And every time I did something insane, you were right there beside me and I'm pretty sure we have picture proof. Face it, even if you came along just to scold me, you'd still enjoy it all.\" I looked over at him and met his eyes. We both smiled and I gave him a mock slap on the cheek. He laughed and ruffled my hair, pretending to try and push me off his bed. We had lived in the same neighborhood since we were, yes, three, and that was really how we'd met. Countless acts of typical Ferris antics had gotten me in trouble when I was younger and I tried—key word: tried —to seem more mature as I grew up… and that never really seemed to come to be. \" But, seriously, Ferris, what are we doing today?\" I asked, heaving myself into a sitting position. \" I was thinking… road trip. You got your car?\" \" Mom took it.\" \" Of course. Well, we should be glad Cam has one!\" Ferris announced, rolling off his bed and heading over to his computer, where he'd been doodling a picture of a naked woman. He grabbed his phone and began to punch in numbers. Surprised at what I'd heard, I sat up and tucked my legs underneath me. \" Cameron's coming?\" I asked, \" How'd you rope him in?\" \" Well, I was hoping you might be able to help with that, since you two are best friends and what not,\" he explained, smirking with a wink. I rolled my eyes and hugged one of his pillows as he called up our other very close friend, Cameron Frye. He was always convinced he was sick, usually saw the down side of things, but when you got him to look on the bright side, he'd grin away and act goofy. But I'd grown to love him and his little quirks and his over-arching caring and nice attitude; Ferris liked to think he was going to successfully play match-maker with the two of us, since he'd been trying for a good couple of years, complaining about how painfully obvious it was that I liked Cameron. And the agonizing thing about it all was that Ferris had always been right. \" So, Cameron, what time are you gonna be over?\" Ferris asked with a smirk, reclining back in his chair. As Cameron replied on the other end of the line, Ferris sighed and gestured me over with a hand, tilting the receiver away from his ear so we could both listen to what he was saying. I stood and then crouched beside Ferris, inching my ear towards the phone; I just caught the end of the last words he'd said, which sounded something like 'I'm not going.' \" I'm serious, man, this is ridiculous, making us wait around the house for you!\" \" Why can't you let me rot in peace! Wait… us? Who else did you drag along with you? \" Cameron's voice asked in annoyance. \" Hey, Cam, how do you feel?\" I asked. There was a pause from Cameron's side before he spoke again. \" R-Raelyn? You—you actually listened to him? \" \" Hard not to when he has some compelling arguments.\" \" Oh, my God… \" \" Cameron, his is my ninth sick day. If I get caught, I won't graduate. I'm not doing this for me I'm doing it for you and Rae,\" Ferris countered, continuing his digital painting of the naked woman. \" Do you know what my diastolic is? \" Cam snapped in response. \" Be a man! Take some Pepto-Bismol, get dressed and come on over here. I'm tired of this stuff.\" \" Shut up .\" A beep sounded on the phone line. \" Hold your water for a second. I got another call.\" Ferris leaned forward and hit another button, switching the lines. \" Hello?\" he asked, sounding as miserable as he had when I'd called him earlier. Rolling my eyes, I leaned against his bed. \" Hi… Really? Darn. I thought I was improving.\" He mouthed 'Dad' at me and then returned to trying to sound miserable. \" Dad, can you hang on for a second? Hang on.\" He switched the calls again. \" Cameron, it's my dad… if you're not over here in fifteen minutes , you can find a new best friend.\" I rolled my eyes at the empty threat and kicked Ferris' foot in a sort of 'be nice' way. The calls switched again. \" Dad? All this talking is making me kind of light-headed. I think I ought to lie down… wrap a hot towel around my head? Okay… yeah? I love you too,\" Ferris said and then hung up the phone, smiling with a pleased expression. Then, he turned to me and pulled me up to my feet, nodding to the door. \" I'm so disappointed in Cameron. Twenty bucks says he's sitting in his car, debating about whether or not he should go out.\" \" I'm not taking that bet. He'll come over,\" I said, making my way down the stairs. \" But he really is sitting in his car right now, you do know that.\" \" Of course he is. Just… don't be too hard on him when he gets here, you know how quickly he can change his mind.\" Ferris trotted down the stairs and then stopped at the bottom, turning to face me. \" You know what? I swear to God each time you and Cameron are within thirty feet of each other, you're both almost begging me to try and set you up!\" Ferris said. I froze at the shocking subject change and choked on a pile of words that caught in my throat. \" What?! No we're not!\" I protested with a laugh. \" Yes you are! It's all body language, Raelyn. You're both practically screaming match-maker, match-maker, make me a match! Find me a find! Catch me a catch! \" he sang with a smirk, waltzing into his kitchen. \" Luckily for you I'm the match-maker in this situation!\" \" No, you most certainly are not!\" I countered as he continued to hum the show-tune. I rolled my eyes skyward and sighed; the only thing I was begging for was for Ferris to stop being a smart-ass about all this. But would that happen? Absolutely not. Afterword: That's it for chapter one! I know that the middle got a bit quick and jumbled, but the beginning of the movie is a bit like that… so… yeah, I promise it'll get better! We've got Cameron's first REAL appearance next chapter, which I hope to get up soon! HUZZAH FOR CAM! Anyway, I hope you all stay around to read more! Thanks for taking the time to read this! ~Mary[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Ferris Bueller or any of the characters; I merely own my OC Raelyn. 2. Should've Been An Actress A knock on the side door made me push away from Ferris' kitchen counter. Said boy smirked over at me as he pulled three mugs out of one of the kitchen cabinets; it was a sort of 'I told you so' smirk, one that I had been used to seeing for the majority of my life. Rolling my eyes I walked towards the door, knowing he wasn't about to go over to answer it. We both knew who would be standing behind that door. I grabbed the handle and twisted it, opening it to reveal none other than Cameron Frye, looking genuinely, absolutely miserable . At the wary, tired look in his soft blue eyes, I began to question if maybe this time around he was actually sick. \"Hi, Rae…\" he said as he reached up and whipped off his plaid cabbie cap, which he scrunched up tightly in right hand. The movement left his straight, rich brown hair to be disrupted from its usually neat state, locks of it sticking up in a couple places. I smiled softly at him. \"Hey, Cam.\" \"How did we get dragged into this?\" he immediately questioned me, his brows pulling together. He clearly couldn't believe that he'd given into Ferris-again-and that I had as well. I felt my smile turned into a wry smirk at his question. \"Becaues Ferris Bueller is apparently a silver-tongue and can get us to do anything if he uses the right words.\" I grabbed his left hand and pulled him through the doorway, kicking the door shut with my foot. \"Yes, I can!\" came Ferris' sing-songy voice. \"Shut up, Bueller!\" I turned back to Cameron again. \"C'mon, we're making coffee, I think it may do you some good.\" Cameron willingly let me pull him towards the kitchen, his feet dragging in the slightest. The kitchen smelled thickly of the beverage I'd just mentioned, which had been brewing in the coffee maker for a good while. \"Cameron, babe! You finally made it!\" Ferris exclaimed with a bright grin, holding his arms out, like he'd been expecting our friend-because he had been. Like Cam had had a choice-Ferriss would have dragged him out of bed even if he had the flu… or the plague. I noticed I still held Cameron's hand, so before Ferris could spot the-innocent-gesture, I dropped his hand, pressing my palm to the side of my own leg. \"Step inside, make yourself comfortable! I have a plan to explain!\" I stepped back into the kitchen as Cameron tugged off his Detroit Red Wings jersey, which he often used in place of a sweatshirt; underneath he wore a brown short-sleeved t-shirt with a yellow caduceus printed on the front-he'd tucked the shirt into the pair of khaki colored pants he wore, which had suspenders clipped to them, the thin black straps looped over his shoulders. He hung the jersey up on a coat hook and tucked his hat into his back pocket before he joined us in the kitchen, crossing his arms. \"Whats sick things to you plan on making us do today?\" he asked bluntly, getting straight to the point. The smile that had been pulling up Ferris' lips suddenly dropped and was replaced with an expression that would make you think he'd been smacked across the face with a brick. He sputtered for a moment in disblief and threw his hands up. \"The distrust in this room! You two… I swear you share the same brain! Both of you come here and judge my ideas without any knowledge of them. You know what they say about what happens when you assume, right?\" \"You make an ass out of you and me,\" I quickly replied as I pulled out some half-and-half from the fridge. Ferris rolled his eyes at me as he leaned against the counter. \"'Evil… 'sick'... ph!\" he said under his breath. Cameron smirked at me looking a bit pleased. \"You can't blame us, some of your plans are insane,\" I reminded, remembering the time he proposed we skip mid-terms and go to a water park instead. I could still feel the enthusiasm I'd felt that morning for getting out of school for a day, but there was still that twinge of doubt that was making me question Ferris' sanity. \"Well, sit back and cool your jets, I'll tell you what we're gonna do.\" He became very serious and business like, obviously having thought over what he was about to say. \"We need to get Sloane out of school.\" The kitchen was dead silent for a moment. \"I'm sorry, what?\" I asked after a moment of quiet. Sloane Peterson was Ferris' girlfriend and another friend of ours. She was a year below us in school-a Junior-and was great fun to hang out with and was always willingly accepting Ferris' schemes. But, to pull her out of school after she was already there? Absolutely insane ! Only parents could do that and there wasn't a chance in Hell we could attempt to pull that off. \"Only parents can pull their kids out of school Ferris; besides, there would need to be… a family emergency or a doctor's appointment they'd already called in,\" Cameron tried to reason. \"That's exactly why there's going to be a family emergency! And this is where you, Cameron, are going to step in,\" Ferris said, his sly smile appearing on his face again. A weary look crossed said young man's face. \"You're gonna call in as Sloane's father-George Peterson-and you're going to tell Rooney that Sloane's grandmother has died and she needs to come home.\" \" What? M-me? Ferris, that won't work! He'll recognize my voice!\" \"Do one of your impressions, your good with those!\" If Cameron had seemed wary of the plan before, he was practically livid after hearing the role he was supposed to play in it. He was the type of guy who always seemed like he could use a hug, and he never seemed to refuse them… at least not the ones from me. And at that moment, as he contemplated the pros and cons of Ferris' idea, he looked like he could really use one. So, I jumped up on the counter behind him, situated myself so I was behind his back and wound my arouns around his torso, my hands resting on his rib-cage. It was the only way I could effectively embrace him brom behind, what with him being six-foot and me bing five-foot six. He didn't push me off, so I rested my chin on his shoulder. \"Ferris, I don't know…\" he muttered, voice trailing off uncertainly at the end. The master-mind behind the plan smirked at us. \"Come on, Cam! You'll only have to tell him that there's a family emergency and it'll be simple as that! Besides, don't deny that you actually, kinda, wanna trick our principle,\" Ferris told Cameron with a knowing smile. Cam stayed quiet a moment and I could feel him shift slightly at our friend's words. \"Besides, I'll give him a call asking if Jeanie can pick up my assignments; I can't very well be on two seperate phones at once, can I?\" Cam shifted again. \"Give me the phone,\" he eventually said with a resolved tone, a tiny hint of a smile in his voice. Ferris laughed and clapped, pointing at us. \"Atta-boy!\" He moved towards his fridge where the phone was. \"Now, Cam, you're Sloane's father, Rae, I want you to stand by in case Rooney asks for her mother.\" I lifted my chin off of Cameron's shoulder in shock. \" What? I'm not an actress!\" I protested. \"You can be one of the most dramatic people I know, Rae!\" He picked the phone off the reciever and placed it on the counter, the curly cord stretching the gap. Then, he smiled at us as he began to back out of the room. \"You two look adorable, by the way!\" The two of us quickly jumped away from each other at Ferris' comment, Cameron headed straight for the phone to dial the number to the main office. I slid off the counter feeling my cheeks flush; leave it to Ferris to take an innocent hug and try and make it out be more than it was. I glanced over at Cameron as he pressed each button carefully and slowly, taking deep breaths. I often wondered if he could ever like me the way I had liked him for… years . On occaison I thought, yeah, maybe he could, but then I would remember he probably wouldn't want to ruin our already established, very, very good friendship. And I guess I had come to terms with that, even though I never stopped hoping. Cameron let out a nervous breath and looked over at me, jaw clenching. \"I don't know what to do,\" he told me, \"Voice wise, I-I don't know what to do! What does Sloane's father sound like again?\" I smiled encouragingly at him and shrugged. \"Just do your typical parent voice-make it authoritative and, for the Hell of it, put a bit of an accent in there, they aren't going to notice,\" I told him. He let out a long breath, pressing the last number and lifted the phone to his ear. He nodded me over as he walked to the counter; I was supposed to be there to be Sloane's mother, if needed. Now, Cam would probably end up talking to Grace, Rooney's secretary, but knowing what a suspicious man he was, especially regarding anything off during one of Ferris' sick days, he'd be on the line in less than a minute. There was a pause of silence in the kitchen as the call went through. \"This is George Peterson,\" Cameron said with a voice that was a tad higher than his normal, warm, deep voice, a bit of some sort of accent laced in it; the oddly serious tone to his voice made me smirk, especially with the face he was making to keep the façade up. I ducked under the phone wire, leaning up against the island in the middle of the kitchen next to him. \"Ed. This is George Peterson… Well, we've had a bit of bad luck this morning as you may have heard… Yeah… yeah, well, uh, it's been a tough morning and uh, we've got a lot of family business to take care of so, if you wouldn't mind excusing Sloane, I'd appreciate it.\" Cameron waved me closer and tilted the phone away from his ear so I could listen in. \" So, uh, if you just produce a corpse, and, uh, I'll release Sloane, \" Rooney said casually, causing my eyebrows to jump up in shock. The man really was suspicious, but what if this hadn't been a fake call? He'd be in trouble faster than the beat of a butterfly's wings. \" I want to see this dead grandmother firsthand… \" \"Um… uh, I'm sorry, Ed, but did you say you wanted to see a body? \" Cameron asked sounding shocked. \" Yeah, that's right, just roll her old bones over here and I'll dig up know, that's school this your mother? \" \"Uh, no my wife's mother… But, uh, is that really necessary? I think that may just further my wife's delicate state…\" \" Tell you what, dipshit, if you don't like my policy, you can just come on down here and smooch my big ol' white butt. Pucker up buttercup! \" Cameron waved frantically at me again, clearly wanting me to intervene somehow as the phone beeped to hold. \"What do you want me to do?\" I whispered, panicking. He shrugged and shook his head. \"I don't know! Uh…\" His face lit up. \"Cry! Pretend I just told you what Rooney said about the body! Just start crying, come on!\" I was about to protest and make a remark about crying on command, but I realized I would have to play my part. Not even knowing if the line had picked back up again, I threw myself onto Cameron, pretending to sob into his shoulder. In my ears, at least, it sounded convincing. He cleared his throat, and I guessed that Rooney had picked up again. \"A-a body!? H-he wants to see her body? My p-poor m-mother!\" I cried into Cameron's shoulder, winding my arms around his middle. He lifted his free hand to pat my back as he took in a deep breath, clearly getting into character and clearly he was actually enjoying it. \"There, there dear… it isn't our fault that our daughter's principle is incompetent! \" The last word was clearly meant for Rooney to hear. I eventually pulled myself away and worked my way to the other side of the kitchen island, still pretending to cry softly till I dropped it completely. \"Well, I should say you do!\" A pause. \"Well I think you should be sorry for Christ's sake! You've upset my wife, who is in a very delicate position and you've insulted me! Our family member has just died! What the hell is the matter with you anyways?\" There was another pause as I could only assume Rooney was attempting to gather his thoughts. Cameron smiled to himself as he twisted his feet in a bit of a dance, all tension in his body from earlier having left; he smiled up at me, showing his teeth as he formulated a response to whatever our principle was saying. A slight smirk pulled up on his face. \"Pardon my French, but you're an asshole!\" Cameron exclaimed percussively into the reciever. \" Asshole! \" God, what every kid in our school would give to say that to Rooney… I gave him two thumbs up, grinning as well. I had to admit, he didn't sound or look half-bad at the moment-sure the faces he was making were funny, but they didn't look half bad on his face. \"This isn't over yet, buster, do you read me?\" A pause as I began to snicker to myself. \"Call me sir , Goddammit! That's better! You just mind your P's and Q's, buster, and remember who you're dealing with!\" Ferris, who'd just stepped into the room, dressed sharply in a suit with his hair combed and gelled, smirked and pointed at us both with two fingers, a sly smil eon his face as if he were in some sort of spy movie. \"Bueller. Ferris Bueller,\" he said as if he were answering Cameron's question. Lowering the phone, the taller boy clasped his palm over the reciever, a slightly nervous look coming over his face. \"Now, I'm-I'm a little scared. What if he-what if he recognizes my voice?\" Cameron questioned quickly. Ferris, stepping up beside me, smiled at him and shook his head as he fixed his sleeves. \"Impossible! You're doing great!\" Ferris whispered. He looked over and nudged my shoulder. \" You should have been an actress!\" I rolled my eyes and turned to Cam with an encouraging smile. \"The accent really helps,\" I added, munching on a grape I'd pulled from the bowl atop the counter. Cameron gave a toothy smile as he held the phone away from himself before bringing it back to his ear. He pulled it back again, puckering his lips, one finger held up as though to say there was a slight lull in conversation. The phone was up to his ear again as he decided to continue on. \"Rooney? Rooney. Calm down! Rooney, I don't have all day to bark at you, So gonna make this short and sweet.\" Ferris gave him an 'a-okay' signal with his fingers as he poured himself a cup of coffee. He mouthed 'perfect, I love it!' \"I want my daughter out in front of the school in ten minutes by herself! I don't want anybody-\" At this, Ferris lunged forward and hit Cameron on the arm, which caused him to lower the phone and cover the reciever. \" What? \" \"It's too suspicious! Cover it!\" he ordered quietly, hoping Cam would fix his mistake. I could feel the tensions rising again, so I sighed, beginning to pour the coffee into the mugs I'd grabbed earlier. \"Talk!\" \"You!\" Cameron shoved the phone in Ferris' direction. \"Talk!\" \"You!\" \"Talk!\" Ferris insisted in a harsh whisper. \"Come on!\" Cameron tried to reason, a pleading look on his face. When he looked over at me, I threw my hands up, nervous. \"I can't, I'm supposed to be in hysterics!\" I reasoned. \"Talk! No!\" Ferris snapped, sounding like he were speaking to a disobedient dog. \"Rooney! Err! Rooney!\" Cameron growled into the phone, using his anger from his and Ferris' verbal spar to fuel the anger in his words. \"Listen here, pay attention! I changed my mind! I want you out in front of the school with her. I want some words with you by God!\" Ferris physically knocked the phone from Cameron's hands, making him reel back in shock. The two jumped towards the phone, which had clattered to the floor. Cam grabbed the phone hand held it just in front of his mouth. \"On second thought, we don't have time to talk right now. We'll get together soon and have lunch!\" This time, Ferris kicked Cameron's ass, literally, which caused him to let out a pained 'ow!' as Ferris hung up the phone swiftly. I ran my hands over my face and groaned, \"Oh, God…\" \"What the hell is wrong with you!?\" Cameron exclaimed angrily, his hands reaching down to rest on his sore bum. \"Where's your brain?\" Ferris demanded, equally as pissed. \"Why'd you kick me?\" \"Where's your brain?\" \"Why'd you kick me?\" \"Where's your brain?\" \"I asked you first.\" \" Boys , are we in first grade? Knock off the back and forth banter, please,\" I told them, avoiding a splash of hot coffee that nearly scorched my hand. They both gave me a look before they tured back to their personal argument, leaving me out of it completely, which I was okay with. \"Answer me this, both of you; how can we pick up Sloane if Rooney is there with her?\" Ferris asked. Cameron scoffed and shook his head in disbelief. \"I said for her to be there alone and you freaked,\" he said, turning around to face the sink. \"Now… now, I didn't hit you. I lightly slapped you,\" Ferris tried to reason awkwardly from the door way. I had to admit, it was like watching a married couple get into a spat, and I was finding it rather amusing. \"To be fair, he did slap you on the arm,\" I pointed out, much to Ferris' triumphant grin, \"And to Cameron's respect, Ferris, you did kick him in the ass.\" Cameron gave our friend an 'I-told-you-so' look, accompanied with a wry smirk. \"You hit me . Look, don't ask me to participate in your stupid crap if you don't like the way I do it. You make me get out of bed, you make me come over make me and Rae make a phony phone call to Edward Rooney? The man could squash my nuts into oblivion a-a-a-a-and-and then… you deliberately hurt my feelings,\" Cameron ranted, having turned to face Ferris again. Ferris shook his head and waved a hand. \"No, no, I didn't deliberately hurt your feelings,\" he said. \"Oh, really? \" \"Really. No. No, I didn't.\" Cameron turned and reached into the dinning room, reaching for a coat hook and grabbing his Jersey. \"What are you-what are you doing?\" \"See you later, guys, I'm going home,\" he said calmly, walking across the kitchen to head towards the front door. \"Oh, no, come on-come on, don't do that!\" begged Ferris. \"Have a nice life.\" \"Aw, Cameron, wait a minute! Cameron, come back! I didn't mean to lose my temper,\" Ferris told him in a smooth and calm voice, rushing forward and wrapping an arm around his shoulders, \"I'm sorry, it was uncalled for.\" \"You serious?\" Cameron asked after a pause. \"Yeah.\" \"C'mon, Cam, the coffee's done, it'll do you some good. Besides, are you really gonna leave me to suffer with this idiot all day?\" I asked as the two stepped back into the kitched. I widened my eyes and blinked a couple times doing my best pouty face. After doing that for a moment, I broke out of it and smiled as Cam shifted awkwardly on his feet, reaching for a coffee mug. I pushed one over to him to it reached his grasp. \"Thank you,\" he said quietly, lifting the mug to his lips. \"Anytime.\" \"You did screw up though, right?\" Ferris asked. A disbelieving smile crossed Cameron's face as he harshly set the mug down atop the counter. \" Really, Ferris? Really?\" I groaned, punching his shoulder. \"Not that it was completely your fault…\" \"Why?\" he asked slowly, as though he were walking into another trap… and he probably was. \"Well… to fix the situation… I'm gonna have to ask you for a small favor,\" Ferris trailed off. I felt my brows furrow as I locked eyes with Cameron. \"Um… what-what favor?\" he asked, shifting again. \"Well, I won't ask it of you yet, first we need to go back to your place,\" Ferris said, dumping his coffee down the sink. I eyed him suspiciously as he made a beeline for the door. \"Cam's house? Why do you have to ask him there?\" I called after him. \"Because it involves something he possesses! Now, come on, my darlings, we've only got a limited amount of time before we have to get Sloane!\" he called back as he opened and closed the front door, clearly headed for Cameron's car. Cameron looked at me with a worried expression as he tugged his jersey back on. \"Why do we let him do this to us?\" Cameron asked as we began to head for the door. Sighing, a ruffled my hair as I pulled my fedora back on. \"Because he has some sort of mind-control-that's clearly the answer,\" I muttered as he and I exited the house, locking the door behind us. Afterword:[Chapter 3] Disclaimer : I do not own Ferris Bueller's Day Off of any of the characters; I only own my OC Raelyn 3. Wobbly Cameron's house, as Ferris loves to describe it, is practically like a museum. The handful of times I've been there––and by 'a handful' I literally mean about five times––I literally found myself fearing I would knock something over if I even looked at it wrong. His mother was always of business trips and his father was the definition of tight-ass; I met the guy twice and felt judged each time. The man seemed love his collection of cars more than he loved to know what his son was up to every day. Other than the fact I felt like I needed to walk around in a hazmat suit anywhere but Cam's room, the house was gorgeous; it was one floor with a garage made entirely out of windows, displaying Mr. Frye's car collection. The house was surrounded by acres of woods that created a separation from any of the neighbors that Cameron said he found at times completely isolating and at other times blissful. The car rolled to a stop in the gravel driveway and the three of us climbed out, Ferris nodding to the garage doors. We strode to the glass doors in a row, with the boys on either side of me. I placed my hands on my hips as we stopped at the doors and they pulled them open. We all stood in silence as we stared at the gorgeous––yes, gorgeous ––vehicle before us. A smile was inching up Ferris' face and Cameron sucked in a deep breath. \"The nineteen-sixty-one Ferrari, two-fifty GT California,\" he said smoothly, knowing every single fact about the car. \"Less than a hundred were made. My father spent three years restoring this car. It is his… love . It is his passion …\" \"It is his fault he didn't lock the garage,\" Ferris added on with a sly look, stepping into the impeccable garage towards the equally impeccable, glossy, red convertible. A feeling of realization swept through me as I realized what our tricky friend was thinking. I shot him a disapproving look whilst crossing my arms; Cameron, looking confused and scared asked, \"Ferris, what are you talking about?\" Baring his teeth in an excited smile, Ferris placed his fingertips lightly against the side of the car and breathed out a, \"Whoo!\" He posed with one hand on the door and one hand on his hip like he was a model of some sort. \"My father loves this car more than life itself,\" he reminded Ferris, looking as though he was about to become absolutely livid. \"A man with such wacky priorities doesn't deserve such a fine automobile.\" \"You aren't serious are you? You've heard what Cam's said, if we so much as breathe on it wrong he'll know––hell, you've gotten your greasy fingerprints all over it now!\" I exclaimed, gesturing to his hands. \"My hands are as smooth and soft as a baby's bottom,\" he shot back as he reached stepped back from the car slightly. \"That does not mean that they're not greasy…\" \"No, no!\" Cameron laughed in disbelief as Ferris began to circle the car. Both of us began to practically chase him as he inspected the car. \"Apparently, you don't understand.\" \"Wow!\" Ferris said standing at the back of the Ferrari. \"Ferris! He never drives it! He just rubs it with a diaper.\" Ferris dragged a finger along the length of the other side of the car, causing a squeaking sound. I winced and wanted to remind him about my fingerprint comment earlier. \"Hey! Remember how insane he went when I broke my retainer?\" Cameron nodded with a 'well?' look. \"Huh?\" \"I do,\" I muttered, shaking my head––the man had gone ballistic . Cam had been grounded for two weeks and wasn't even allowed to stay after school for anything. \"C'mon! That was a little piece of plastic. This is a Ferrari.\" \"You've thought up some idiotic things in your day, Ferris, but this? This is a death wish ,\" I hissed, siding with Cam whole-heartedly on this one. If Ferris wanted to drive this thing and Mr. Frye found out, it wouldn't just be Cam's ass that would be handed to him, it would be Ferris' ass and my ass as well; and I like my ass the way it is, thank you very much. Said young man stood at the hood now with a crooked smirk. \" Che bella! \" he proclaimed before walking over to Cameron, who looked like a sad puppy. \"Ferris! God damn it, listen to us, will you?\" I begged. He smirked at me and moved Cam to the side so he had access to the door. \"Cameron, I'm sorry, but we can't pick up Sloane in your car. Mr. Rooney wouldn't believe that Mr. Peterson drives that piece of shit.\" Looking mildly offended, Cam wiggled his head a bit before looking at our friend. \"It's not a piece of shit …\" he muttered. \"It is a piece of shit––but that's okay because Rae's car is a piece of shit too.\" \"Hey!\" I exclaimed, holding out my arms. \"What the hell? Don't drag my car into this!\" \"But, hey, don't either of you worry about it; I don't even have a piece of shit, I have to envy both of yours.\" Cameron scoffed and shook his head, sharing my 'what the hell look' with me. \"Oh, thanks ,\" he deadpanned. Turning smoothly back to Cameron, Ferris pulled an apologetic face. \"Look, I'm sorry. There's nothing else we can do.\" Then, turning back around, the apologetic look disappeared as he popped the door open and he sat himself down in the driver's seat, mouth gaping open at the plushness of the tan leather inside. He looked as though all of his teenage dreams had come true––and they probably had. \"Ooo…\" I looked over at Cam as I shifted uncomfortably and noted that absolute straight line his eyebrows had made; his face was contorted in one of controlled frustration. \"He knows the mileage, Ferris,\" he tried to reason. \"He doesn't trust you?\" \"Never has, never will,\" he stated immediately and simply. I slid a step closer and bumped my hand against his, not brave enough to actually grab it. \"Look, this is real simple. Whatever miles we put on it, we'll take off.\" \"How?\" Cam and I asked at the same time. \"We'll drive home backwards,\" Ferris joked––or I hope he was joking. Cameron let out a strangled laugh that tossed his head back before he snapped forward again and said, \" No .\" Ferris started the engine. \"No! Ferris! Forget it, you'll have to think of something else!\" \"We––we can high-jack my car back from my mom's office!\" I suggested. The engine revved. \"It's less of a piece of shit than Cam's!\" \"I'm putting my foot down!\" Ferris bared his teeth in a cheesy grin as he drove the Ferrari out of the garage. \"How about we rent a nice Cadillac?\" Cam called after him as we watched in horror as Ferris turned to the right to go down the drive. \"My treat! We could call a limo! A nice stretch job with a TV and a bar! How about that?\" Sighing in resignation I let my head drop against Cameron's shoulder, shaking my head. \"It's a lost cause…\" I muttered. \"Why did I let him drag me into this?\" This was the thing about Ferris and his crazy plans––one moment I could be all for it and honestly, a day off sounded perfect. But stealing Cameron's father's car was taking it a toe over the line of insanity. \"I hate him…\" Cameron murmured to me as Ferris backed the car up and gestured at us. \"C'mon! Live a little!\" he called out. Sighing I gestured for Cam to go first and he did, crossing himself as he went, saying a little prayer. The next problem we encountered was seating. It was a two-seater and I assumed Cam was going to take shot-gun since it was, in fact, his family's car; Ferris smirked up at the two of us and patted the empty leather seat. \"I'm sure that Cameron wouldn't mind letting you sit on his lap, Rae. Would you, Cam?\" he asked, following up the question with a wink. Blushing and swallowing thickly, Cameron shook his head and seated himself, leaving me to awkwardly climb into the car, shut the door and situate myself in the least awkward position on Cam's lap. Ferris chuckled and surged forward, leaving me to squeal quietly and wrap my arms around Cameron's neck so I didn't surge forward. I found myself wrapped in his arms as well, which was about as good of a seatbelt I was going to get. We drove down the highway towards the school with the wind whipping through our hair and making our eyes water; Cameron and I exchanged very few words after we realized every time we looked at each other to speak our faces were only inches apart––and that Ferris swerved a bit to try and make us crash into each other. Needless to say, we would probably try and get him back for that at some point. OOOO I hate this… I thought to myself as I lay cramped in the space behind the two seats. Cameron and I were forced to hide in said space as Ferris picked up Sloane––and it was, by far, the most uncomfortable situation I had ever been in. The space was meant to store the roof not two human beings. We were lucky that said roof would cover us and just look like it hadn't been packed away properly; I had my head turned to the right because otherwise Cam and I would be nose-to-nose and in even more of an awkward situation. Our chests were pressed together, as were our legs, and he was trying to keep his weight off of me as best he could, which was difficult in the cramped space. \"Oh, Sloane, dear. Hurry along now!\" I heard Ferris say from outside the car in his best impression of Cameron's impression. I more felt than heard Cam stifle a scoff; I couldn't help but laugh slightly as well, shaking my head in the room that was allowed for it. \"He's insane… \" I whispered, managing to push aside the fluttering feeling in my stomach and ignore the flush of my cheeks. \"You're just realizing that now?\" he inquired in a deadpan. After another pause of silence, I felt him shake his head. \"How long does it take to walk across a parking lot?\" \"Hi,\" I heard Sloane say to Ferris. \"Apparently a minute and I half,\" I joked. \"Do you have a kiss for daddy?\" Ferris questioned cheekily. \"Are you kidding?\" giggled Sloane. Cam and I repressed groans as silence ensued their words. \"Oh, god … I just… hope Rooney isn't still outside,\" I groaned. The passenger door opened and closed and the car shifted. \"Hi, Cameron, hi, Raelyn. You both comfortable?\" Sloane asked with a laugh in her voice, having spotted the awkward crunch of our legs. I wormed a hand out to lift the flap slightly. \"Hi, Sloane. No,\" Cameron said. \"What he said,\" I replied, feeling a bit short on breath. We felt Ferris climb into the car and Sloane questioned, \"So, what are we gonna do?\" \"The question isn't 'what are we gonna do,' the question is 'what aren't we gonna do,\" he replied turning the car on. \"Is numero uno on that list letting Rae and Cam out of hiding? \" I asked as I felt Cam sigh shakily. \"Please don't say we're not gonna take the car home… Please don't say we're not gonna take the car home…\" he repeated like a mantra and I turned my head cautiously to look up at him. His eyes were clamped shut and his forehead was creased; I took the moment of my silence and his distraction to watch how his lips moved when he spoke and to fully realize just how close we really truly were. The engine revved. The radio blared. We jolted forward and peeled out of the parking lot with a loud squeal. I lurched to the side and hit my head against the seat, hissing at the impact. \"You alright?\" Cam asked. I turned to look up at him again and stopped short when our noses touched. We locked gazes and were quiet for a moment as we listened to the roar of the engine. Thoughts passed through my head about how I could kiss him at that moment, drag him down and just… kiss him and see if he would kiss back… but I wouldn't. I couldn't. Besides, we were such good friends that we'd put aside the weird feelings of getting cramped into a tight space together as soon as we were out of it. \"Yeah… I'm perfectly fine,\" I told him in a quiet voice. After another moment of just… staring, Cameron looked away and shifted looked upward, pushing the tarp up. He sat up carefully, one of his knees pressing between my own so he could help me sit up as well. I felt as though I were made of jelly; I was wobbly from the thoughts that had run through my head when I'd been nose-to-nose with my best friend, wobbly because his arm was around my waist to make sure I didn't tumble out of the car and was practically holding me to his chest, wobbly because falling out of the car was actually a possibility. \"How are you two love birds?\" Ferris chuckled as he tossed off his hat to be carried off in the wind. \"Cramped!\" I answered over Sloane's hooting of excitement while we passed the school's fields. Then Ferris stepped on the gas and we sped up, making Cameron angrily exclaim, \"Hey, Ferris, don't go so fast! Don't go so fast! \" \"Not a chance!\" he called back with a grin. OOOO On our way to the city, we stopped briefly to allow Ferris to change out of his disguise and for Cameron and I to properly arrange ourselves in a seated position that was less awkward, but clearly more dangerous. We sat with our backs to the trunk and the open road, doing all we could to not spill off and effectively die from the impact of the moving pavement as Ferris made hairpin turns along the highway. One such way to prevent such things from happening was by winding our arms around the other's waist for stability; it was something we did jokingly to mimic the Monkees walk and obviously it was how I hugged him so there was little awkwardness in that. We had all donned sunglasses and the boys and I had pulled on our hats, which kept my hair from getting too tangled in the open air. I had to admit, after getting over stealing Cameron's dad's car for the day, I was actually beginning to enjoy myself; the wind in my face was refreshing and the reckless speeds that we were driving at made me whoop into the air loudly a couple of times. I riskily threw both my hands up into the air, letting the wind blow my hair back and letting my grin spread across my face. \"Rae! Don't do that, you'll fall!\" Cameron exclaimed, grabbing my waist with both hands, steadying me. \"I won't fall, you'll catch me!\" I laughed, grinning over at him. I hooked my arm over his shoulders and let it rest there, glad when I saw a small smile inch up the sides of his mouth. However, Cameron reverted seriously to making sure that Ferris wouldn't wreck the car––which I was all for. \"No, no, no! Hold the wheel like this!\" Cam said holding out both hands and opening and closing his fingers in a sort of 'gimme' motion, demonstrating where Ferris' hands should go. \"Okay, okay,\" Ferris said, adjusting his hand position. Cam relaxed and looked past me at the trees we were passing. Ferris then threw his arms up into the air, letting the car cruise. I couldn't help but snicker as his hands flew back to the wheel as Cam looked back. \"Watch this.\" He flung his arms into the air again and an absolute rage built up in Cameron's face as he shouted, \" Hands on the wheel! \" Laughing, Ferris did as told, letting his head fall back for a moment. \"You'll kill us all,\" I said, a laugh bubbling in my voice. Sloane was grinning all the while, her long brown hair flying and tangling glamorously in the wind. Cameron looked about ready to grab the wheel himself if Ferris didn't stop messing around. Not five minutes later, as we passed onto an even more crowded section of highway, Ferris took both hands off the wheel again to twist his torso around in his seat and point at a passing building or car. \" No! \" Cameron sputtered and lurched forward, pushing Ferris to face the right way and forcing his hands back on the steering wheel. If that hadn't been funny enough, Cam, serious faced, bopped Ferris hard atop the head, making the other boy mutter 'ow'; it seemed childish, but it kept his eyes on the road… and who said that those two weren't childish? \"By the way, Sloane,\" I leaned forward and smiled down at her, \"I'm sorry for your loss.\" Laughing heartily, she placed a hand over her heart and pulled a sad face. \"Oh, thank you so much , Rae; I don't think I'll ever get through the day!\" she replied melodramatically, causing us to both laugh as the boys argued a bit about which turnoff to take. \"So, I heard that my mother was fairly distraught…\" I laughed and tucked some hair behind my ears with a shrug. \"Apparently I should have been––or need to become––an actress, according to Ferris,\" I told her as the car safely switched lanes. \"Well, if you become one, you can always say you got your start by skipping school.\" \"Ph! Yeah, 'cause that's exactly how I'll get a job!\" We laughed together again as Cameron let out a long breath as traffic let up a bit and we entered the city, which meant Ferris had to obey the traffic laws. Ferris drove us into a parking garage that wasn't as nice as others, but it was the closest to the highway should we have to high-tale it back home; as he idled the car, Ferris shot smiles at all of us while we removed sunglasses. Cameron took a good look around and started shaking his head when Ferris whipped off his military cap and began to jump out of the car. \" Wrong ,\" Cameron announced as we all climbed out. \"What?\" Ferris asked. \"Not here.\" Ferris gave him a confused look. \"We're not leaving the car here.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because we're not . I want the car back were it belongs right now . Come on, let's go.\" \"Cameron, what's gonna happen to it? It's in a garage.\" Sloane asked. \"It could get wrecked, stolen, scratched… breathed on wrong , a pigeon could shit on it, who knows?\" \"Listen, will you calm down, please? I'm gonna give the guy a fiver to watch it. Rae, will you please talk some sense into this boy?\" Ferris asked me as I tossed my hat into the passenger seat. Both sides of the argument had valid points––the garage was kind of seedy but it was still a garage. \"What guy?\" Cam asked. There was a pause as one of the employees punched in their time card and stepped over to us, eying the car up. \"Hey, how are you doin'?\" Ferris asked the man, who had his hair pulled back in a tiny ponytail. He nodded to us with a toothy smile. \"You speak English?\" I winced at the question and hid my face in my hands. \"What country do you think this is?\" the man asked sharply. \"Okay, listen. I want you to take extra special care of this vehicle, okay?\" \"Hey, no problem.\" \"Great.\" \"Trust me,\" this was directed at Cam, who was giving the man a look as though he were determining whether he could be trusted or not. \"Sir.\" \"Come on!\" Ferris urged. I offered a smile and held out my hand to him. \"Cam, it'll be fine , I promise you,\" I told him, nodding towards the garage exit. He stood and towered over us all for a moment before accepting my hand and jumping out of the Ferrari. He then turned to the man, still holding my hand and gave him a hard look. \"Relax!\" the garage worker said before turning to get into the car. Cameron looked over at me and let out an almost hysterical, nervous giggle. \"You fellows have nothing to worry about. I'm a professional.\" \"Professional what?\" he muttered, hiding his face from the man with his hand. The garage worker turned the car on and slowly drove it away and up the ramp, Cam letting his fingers trail off the trunk as it drove away. \"See what a fin-ski will do to a guys attitude?\" Ferris asked, smacking Cameron on the arm. \"Cameron, come on.\" \"C'mon, Cam, let's go. We'll find something to do to keep your mind off of the car,\" I promised, looping my arm from his as we exited the garage, ready to start our day of adventure. Afterword: Sorry about the late update! Life hasn't been too kind to me in regards of free-time as of late; but I finally got some! HUZZAH! I hope it was a good chapter, even though Rae's emotions jump around quite a bit in here. Review replies! Liliana Celeste: I'm really glad you've been enjoying the story! :D I always have a lot of fun while I'm writing it and love coming up with ideas for this story! I thought it would be cute if Rae always hugged Cam from behind :) I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Thanks so much! LikeABoss1219: I wrote more! HUZZAH! I hope you keep on reading! Thanks again and I hope you enjoyed! Guest: I'm glad you've been enjoying the story! Thanks again! TARDIS-follower: You love this story? YAY! :D That makes me smile! I hope you keep on reading! Thanks again! this-is-gospel-1344: I'm really glad to hear that you've been enjoying the story and that you think it's well written! I'm gonna see this story through to its end and I hope you will too! Thanks again! Alfa Kay: Rae and Cam are just too wicked cute; I want them to always be hugging and I just wanna hug them XD I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Thanks again! RansomeNote: I will be seeing this story through to its end! I've had ideas for this story for years and I finally get to write them so I'm excited! I'm glad to see you'll be sticking around for more! Thanks again! And thank you to those who added this to favorites/story alert, it means a lot! Okay, SO, I hope to update soon, but I do have to update all my other stories and work my way through schoolwork in order to do so. So, I'll update as soon as possible and see ya then! Thanks again, guys! ~Mary[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do not own Ferris Bueller or any of the involved characters; I only own my OC Raelyn. 4. A Bit Of Prospective \"C'mon we have to go up!\" Ferris said excitedly, dragging Sloane across a crosswalk. He was grinning up at the Sears Tower, which reflected the sunlight sharply; tilting my head back I stared all the way up at the top of the skyscraper, arching an eyebrow. \"All the way up?\" I questioned as Cameron and I followed at a brisk jog, still arm-in-arm. \"No, we're just going half way; of course we're going all the way up, Rae, it's the only way to go,\" Ferris replied cheekily. As we walked into the lobby of the tower, I turned my head to look at Cam, who whipped off his cap with distasteful look on his face. He was clearly unamused with leaving his dad's prized car in the garage, and I couldn't say I blamed him; if anything happened to it Cameron would be in an ass-load of trouble and I would feel partially responsible for it… and if he did get in that much trouble, I think I would show up at his house in my crappy car and tell Mr. Frye it was my fault just to keep Cam out of a permanent grounding. I slid my hand from the crook of his elbow to his bicep, giving it a tight and hopefully comforting squeeze. He looked down at me and gave a quick, nervous smile, immediately dragging his eyes to rest on his feet as we waited for the elevator. On the way up I noticed Cameron getting more jittery with each floor we rose, feeling the way his muscles jumped since he hadn't dropped my arm yet; he wasn't afraid of heights, I knew that, but I had it in mind that he just couldn't get the car out of his head. \"Cam,\" I murmured as Sloane and Ferris chattered on about something I hadn't caught, \"You can relax, you know. We're in the clear… for now at least.\" He gave a heavy exhale through his nose, twitching a bit more as the number on the elevator display ticked higher. \"Each floor we pass, the further away we are from the car and being able to get out of here,\" he replied, staring straight ahead with a strained neck. Inching slightly closer to his side, I slid my hand down the length of his arm, bringing it to rest at his side while I interlaced our fingers and gave his hand a squeeze. \"Well, soon enough we'll be back on the ground and twenty minutes closer to leaving. But till we get back to the car, have some fun, okay? I'll try if you do,\" I said, tilting my head to look up at him. He looked down at our hands a moment, swinging them back and forth slightly as we stood there completely ignoring the other two in the elevator; a nearly invisible quirk of his lips as he turned his head to look at me. \"Okay,\" he said with a truthful tone, but none of the tension left his body. Sloane glanced over her shoulder at us and smirked at me, eyes flickering down at my hand, which was still interlocked with Cameron's; one of her delicate eyebrows twitched upward as she mouthed 'so cute,' which made me roll my eyes towards the ceiling. Sloane, like Ferris, had known of my long standing crush on Cam, and loved to tease me about it and talk about it every chance she could. However, unlike her boyfriend, she didn't actively play matchmaker… she just tried to give a nudge or two here and there. Once the doors opened Ferris happily skipped out of the elevator, grabbed a pamphlet and made a bee-line for one of the wall of windows. He leapt up onto the railing that separated the floor from the glass, which was extended away from the building so we could see straight down to the streets below; he leaned forward so his head was leaned up against the glass, a grin spreading over his face, a look akin to the smile of the Cheshire Cat. \"Ferris, is that safe?\" Sloane asked as we walked towards him. He pulled back and laughed a careless, effortless laugh, gesturing all of us forward. \"Of course it is! People do it all the time and the glass hasn't broken yet. C'mon, guys; live a little!\" He hopped off the railing and pulled Sloane over, dropping a kiss to her cheek; he then turned to me and smirked, stepping forward with outstretched hands. \"C'mon, Rae!\" he said in a sing-song voice. \"You know you want to! You always liked climbing trees when we were little, therefore heights don't bother you, so let go of Cam's hand and get over there!\" He took our hands and pulled them apart before pulling me over to the railing, patting where he wanted me to stand. I laughed at his enthusiasm as Cam grudgingly came to stand on my right and Ferris jumped back in his original position to Sloane's left. Beside me, Cam let out an uninterested hum as he stared out at the horizon before asking, \"Do you think the car's alright?\" \"Sure. This is the world's tallest building––\" I looked over at Cam to see his lips twisted in a way that made it look like he'd just thrown up a bit in his mouth; his brows were pulled low over his eyes and his eyes held all the trouble in the world in them, something that made my own lips pull into a frown. \"I don't feel so good, Ferris. Can we leave soon?\" he asked. Ferris looked away from the pamphlet in his hands and glanced around before mischievously turning back to us. \"Here, climb up on this,\" he told us, climbing up onto the railing like he had earlier. Sloane followed suit and I did as well, pulling myself up with a slight wobble. \"Come on, everybody. Cameron.\" Ferris was looking pointedly at a very stressed looking Cameron, who sighed and joined us on the railing. Once we were all standing at least a foot off ground Ferris smiled. \"Okay, now, lean forward against the glass like this.\" He leaned forward so his forehead met the glass, his head tilted downward to continue staring out at the city. None of us held onto the bar for support as we followed by example again, each of our heads hitting the glass. Thud. Thud. Thud. \"Isn't that great?\" Ferris asked. The height was admittedly dizzying. It looked like we were on a platform above someone's Lego model of Chicago; the streets were thin stretches of rectangles and the buildings varied in height and size. Then there were the cars, which looked like little toys being pushed about by only the wind, turning effortlessly and stopping smoothly, even in the hellish early afternoon traffic. And, honestly, it looked amazing. We always saw the city from ground level, staring up at office buildings and dodging cars, but from up here we could peacefully gaze at the sights without the fear of getting hit by a taxi. \"The city looks so peaceful from up here,\" Sloane said beside me. \"Anything is peaceful from one thousand, three-hundred fifty-three feet,\" Ferris replied smartly. I smiled to myself and held out my arms slightly to keep my balance as I watched the sunlight glitter off windshields and windows. \"It's absolutely beautiful,\" I said, adding in my two-cents. There was a slight pause before Cameron, sounding distant and troubled, said, \"I think I see my dad…\" Reaching out one hand, I once again placed it on his back, feeling the instinctive need to make him feel happy and comforted; I could tell he appreciated it even if he never said it in words. \"We got a lot to do. Let's go!\" Ferris announced, jumping off the railing. \"Shit…\" Cameron hissed. \"The son of a bitch is down there somewhere.\" \"C'mon, Cam, let's go,\" I said as I hopped off the railing as well, turning to Ferris who pocketed the pamphlet and cracked his knuckles; his smile told me he knew exactly what he wanted to do. \"Where to next, oh master of plans?\" OOOO \"The stock exchange?\" I asked flatly as I sat myself down in the gallery that overlooked the vast crowd of traders, who were making funny hand gestures and shook their heads before nodding them. \"How is this… fun?\" \"Are you not watching them, Raelyn? They're wearing red and yellow coats and making weird hand gestures, it's like watching comedy television,\" Ferris joked with a smile. Cameron sat down beside me and watched for a moment before flinging out his arms as he began mimicking them. I grinned at the way he moved his fingers, scrunching them up and wiggling them about, making moves that didn't quite match up what the traders were doing, but it sure as hell made it funny; he almost looked like a flimsy ninja of some sort. He flashed four fingers repeatedly while snapping on his other hand, serious faced and focused; he hit both hands together before wriggling the four fingers he was holding up against the side of his neck, driving them forward into the air with a high-pitched little sound. I found myself laughing as he continued to mimic them, flashing a smile when I transitioned into silent laughter with my arms wrapped around my stomach, and with my head lolled backwards. It was the first time in the last half hour that I'd seen him smile and that made me feel good; and the fact that I had made him smile made me feel all the more better. \"Feel any better than before?\" I asked when I'd calmed down enough to speak clearly. Cam shrugged with a small smile still on his lips, once again directing his gaze away from me to stare at nothing in particular. \"Maybe a little,\" he admitted quietly, scratching the back of his neck. \"Good, 'cause I still need you coherent enough to keep me sane and smiling while Ferris drags us god knows where,\" I joked, slouching down in my seat. Ferris turned away from the wall of windows and sat down in front of Sloane. \"Do you want to get married?\" he suddenly asked her. I felt my mouth drop open. What did he just say? Married? He was using his serious voice, I'd come to know that voice over our years of friendship and that was most certainly his serious voice. Cameron flicked a finger against the side of his cheek, using his mouth to make a water-drop sound. Drip. \"Sure,\" Sloane replied so smoothly I wondered if she realized he wasn't joking. \"Today?\" She laughed quietly. \"I'm serious. Don't I sound serious, Rae? Or am I just imagining it?\" I let out a long breath and slouched even further down in my chair, feeling awkwardly dragged into the couple's conversation. \"You sound as serious as you ever could,\" I muttered. \"I'm not getting married,\" Sloane laughed. Drip. \"Oh my god this is so awkward…\" I whispered to myself, covering my eyes with my hand. \"Why not?\" Ferris inquired. \"What do you mean 'why not'? Think about it!\" \"Well, besides being too young, having no place to live, you feeling a little awkward about being the only cheerleader with a husband… give me one good reason why not?\" Cameron scoffed next to me and turned his head in Ferris' direction; he moved one of his arms so it rested on the back of my hair, his face suddenly looking darkly smug, like he knew this situation better than anyone in the room. \"I'll give you two good reasons why not: my mother and my father,\" he said simply, drawing all of our attention. None of us spoke as Cameron continued to speak in a very matter-of-fact tone. \"They're married and they hate each other.\" He nodded at Ferris. \"You've seen them, am I right?\" \"So what?\" Ferris annunciated carefully. A strange sort of smile appeared on Cameron's face as he carried on explaining, making it seem as though he were talking about the characters of a book and not his own parents. \"It's like that car. He loves the car, he hates his wife,\" he said, the smile immediately dropping to a decidedly impassive look that disguised a hurt that he'd felt his entire life. We all stared at him for a long moment, each one of us feeling like we'd been hit in the stomach with a pile of cement bricks; we'd known the situation with his parents had never been good, but he had never been one to actually talk about it. He was introverted about those kinds of topics and you could always tell when he didn't want to touch the subject––he'd get twitchy and clam up. So to hear him talk about it so smoothly, so easily… it was surprising. But it was my best educated guess that Cameron needed a way to talk about it, and maybe Ferris' far-fetched marriage proposal to Sloane had been the way to go about it. Cam leaned his head to the right so his cheek rested against his fingers, flicking his skin with his lips still parted. Drip. There was a little bit of a pause before Cameron suddenly stood and straightened out his jersey, clearing his throat and recomposing his face as though that last moment had been part of a dream, something that hadn't really happened. He held out his hand to me, helping me rise from my slouched position; since standing he dropped my hand and shoved his own in his pockets, looking over to Ferris and Sloane. \"I'm hungry. Let's go get some lunch,\" Cameron said simply, having momentarily taken control of the situation. He turned and began to walk off, exiting into the hall that led to the stairs. Ferris immediately shot to his feet and ran after him, calling out, \"Cam, wait!\" Sloane and I slowly followed, giving the two boys some space to talk. \"He ever talk to about anything like that before?\" she asked me. I shook my head and brushed some hair out of my face gently. \"No. And I never push, I always figured that if he wanted to talk about it he would… and he just did…\" I admitted. I looked over at her, feeling a look of curiosity pull across my face. \"Why?\" She shrugged with a faint smile that showed a mutual concern for our friend. \"Well, you know, both of you are really close; I'd go as far to say that your friendship with Cam rivals the one he has with Ferris. Just never say that to Ferris, he'd make it into an actual competition and it wouldn't end prettily.\" We both shared a laugh, thinking about what hell that situation would become. Then, she nudged my shoulder playfully and linked her arm through mine. \"Ever think that maybe your friendship could turn into… relationship?\" I internally groaned at the blush that rose to my face, and shrugged my shoulders slowly, knowing that this conversation was going to pop up some time that day. \"Thought? Yes. Hoped? Yes. But I think it's a one way street thing going on; I'd like to date Cam, but he probably only sees me as a friend. Typical teenage drama, right?\" I asked while we began our descent down the stairs. Sloane smiled at me again and I realized she was probably about to launch into Sage mode. She stopped us on a landing and peered over the railing to make sure that Cam and Ferris weren't anywhere in sight; she turned back to me and leaned against the banister. \"I think Cameron likes you just as much as you like him, Rae. Ever think that he might be trying to hide it because he's afraid? I mean, we know that his parents relationship is absolute shit, so maybe he thinks all relationships end that way; so… maybe all you have to do is show him that it won't. I honestly don't know how you'd go about doing that, but if you can manage that, maybe he'll come out of his shell a bit more,\" Sloane suggested. I stared down at the floor and let the rubber at the toe of my shoe scuff the flooring; I let her words properly sink in before looking up at her and offering a sheepish smile. \"Honestly, I, um… I never thought of it that way. But it makes sense, now that you've said it… so… yeah,\" I admitted. Sloane smiled and wrapped an arm around my shoulder, bringing us forward to walk down the stairs again. She gave a friendly giggle and a bump of the hip while she said, \"If there's anyone who can get Cameron happy and smiling it's you.\" Afterword: Sorry about not updating, guys! Among family health issues, my own surgery, and a shit ton of school stuff I've been needing to do, life hasn't allowed me much time to just sit down and write for a couple hours straight. But, hey, it's another chapter and even most of the next one is written too! I hope you all enjoyed it! REVIEW REPLIES! grapejuice101: I hope that you enjoyed the new chapter! Doctor Who should be up soon hopefully :) Thanks again! Lillian Celeste: And the next leg of their adventure has arrived and I hope it was up to par; it got a bit serious at the end there, but it was bound to happen. Next up we have the restaurant scene, one of my favorite bits! Hope you keep on reading! Thanks again! marina2351: I'm glad you've enjoyed it so far; I hope you decide to keep on reading! Thanks again! cynthiatophklepinger: I'm glad that you're looking forward to seeing how this ends! :D I love writing every word of this story and I hope that you still enjoy reading it; thanks again! Guest: Updated finally! :D Hope you enjoyed it! Thanks again! And thank you to those who have read and added this to their favorites/follows; it means a lot to me! So, that's it for now! Hope to update soon since school starts for me quite soon; but luckily I'm all recovered from my surgery, which was the main thing that kept me from writing this past month and a half. Thanks again you guys and I dearly hope you enjoyed the chapter! ~Mary[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I do not own Ferris Bueller or any of the involved characters; I only own my OC Raelyn. 5. Parlez-Vous Français? Ferris decided that Cameron's suggestion to go out to lunch was a good one; but what he decided wasn't good was Cam's idea of just stopping at a pizza place or a hot dog stand. No, he shoved us in a cab and told the cab driver something in a hushed voice so we couldn't hear it… and it turned out he said to bring us to the fanciest restaurant in the area. So there we were, standing in the very posh lobby of a French restaurant by the name of Chez Quis; Sloane, Cameron, and I all stood huddled by a wall near Ferris, who leaned over the maitre'd's podium, reading down the list of reservations. I could tell that the two on either side of me felt just as uncomfortable as I was. We were far underdressed for a place like Chez Quis; most of the women were wearing expensive looking sundresses with pears looping the collumn of their throats as opposed to Sloane and I who were wearing the oh-so-fancy combination of t-shirts and and denim. The men were finely dressed in business suits and silken ties while Cameron and Ferris donned sports jerseys and sweater vests. So in hindsight… we're a bunch of sore thumbs. \"Are you okay with this?\" I asked Cam, bouncing up and down on my toes. Sucking his lips into a tight pucker, he shook his head adamantly while he anxiously wrung his plaid cap. \"Not one bit,\" he replied. \"Sloane?\" \"Nope,\" she sighed out, nervously rubbing one of her temples. \"Good, 'cause neither am I.\" We were given the once-over by a waitor in a tailcoat, a judging look in his eyes; I quirked an eyebrow at him and crossed my arms, trying to scare him off. His eyebrow twitched upward in response before he kept on walking, ignoring our presence all together. Cameron grabbed the front of his jersey and pulled it away from his body, shaking it about like he was trying to cool himself off. \"Can we please get the hell out of here? This place gives me the creeps,\" Cameron told Ferris, looking around nervously. \"Why didn't you say we were coming––\" Just then, a blond man with a thin mustache and a pretentious look on his face passed between us and stepped up behind the podium Ferris stood in front of. \"Hello, may I help you?\" he asked in an uptight yet lazy voice, clearly unamused to see a bunch of teenagers in his lobby. Ferris flashed a bright grin that made me want to punch him. \"You can sure as hell try,\" he replied. \"Hi. I'm Abe Frohman, party of four for twelve.\" He shook hands with the Maitre'd, 'discretely' passing him off a one dollar bill. I hid my face behind my hand and groaned lowly; the blond man snorted and dropped it like it was a piece of filth. And seeing as it had come from Ferris' pocket, it might as well have been. \"Is there a problem?\" \" You're Abe Frohman?\" he asked sceptically. \"That's right, I'm Abe Frohman.\" Another bright smile. \"The Sausage King of Chicago?\" By the look on the man's face, he could see right through us. Shit. Shit, shit, shit . He just had to choose the one name on the list that happened to be someone of notable influence, he just had to… Ferris' smile dimmed and he let it fall, worry flickering through his eyes. \"Yeah, that's me,\" Ferris confirmed again. If we weren't in the middle of a goddamn fancy restaurant I would have smacked him right then and there. The maitre'd narrowed his eyes at us. \"Listen, young man, entre nous , I'm very busy here. Why don't you take the kids and go back to the club house?\" C'mon, Ferris, just drop it… Instead of dropping it, he just scoffed. \"Are you suggesting I'm not who I say I am?\" \"I'm suggesting you should leave before I have to get snooty. \" \" Snooty? \" \"Snotty,\" he ammended, fixing Ferris with a look that clearly said 'are you really that dumb?' \"Snotty!\" \"Okay, Abe, \" laughed Cameron witha false smile. \"Let's go.\" Ferris put his hands on his hips and shook his head with determination. \"No, I'm not going anywhere! No! We'd like to be seated,\" Ferris insisted, tapping on the podium. The blond man shook his head in disbelief. \"Listen young man, either you take the field trip outside , or I'm going to have to call the police,\" he informed. I hate you so much, Ferris Bueller… \"The… police? You're going to call the police on me? \" \"Yes, he is Abe , so we should go and let the nice man have a better day,\" I hissed, grabbing onto the elbow of his jacket. He brushed me off and snorted. \"Fine! As a matter of fact, I'll call them myself!\" Ferris announced, grabbing the phone beside the maitre'd's desk. Said man laughed. \"Yes. Call the police. Ah, this will be a hoot!\" he hummed to himself, looking pleased he was about to bust us. Ferris dialed a three digit number… but it was 7 , 1, 1. Not 9 , 1, 1. A light began to flash on the keypad, drawing the maitre'd's attention. \"Hang up, I have another call.\" Ferris gave him a wide-eyed look as he stepped back a foot. \"No,\" he denied. \"I\"ve had enough of this horsing around. Give me the phone back,\" the maitre'd said while stepping around his podium to reach for the phone, Ferris visciously yanked the phone away, the cord swinging as he held the receiver to his shoulder. \"You touch me I yell rat ,\" he ground out between clenched teeth. The maitre'd quickly looked around, clearly worried someone had heard him hiss the word. That three letter word could ruin his restaurant, and he wasn't about to let that happen. \"I'm sure there's another phone around here somewhere. Find it .\" \"Wonderful…\" grumbled the maitre'd. As he began to move off to find another phone, he stopped in front of Sloane and I and snorted. \"I weep for the future.\" His eyes flickered between us all before he marched off haughtily, his head held high. The moment he was out of sight, Cameron leapt forward to get into his friend's face in a panic. \"Okay, Ferris, can we just let it go, please? \" he begged, noticing they'd already draw the attention of half the people in the pristine lobby. \"Ferris, please, you've gone to far!\" added Sloane. Cameron balled up a piece of paper he'd found in his pocket and tossed it harshly in Ferris' direction, pacing away from him. I pointed a finger at him. \"Do you think that getting busted by the police would have less of an affect than getting caught by, I don't know, Rooney? Well, I'll tell you what, I'll take the bastard of a princible any day of the week !\" I told him, smacking his arm. \"A––you can never go too far. B––if I'm gonna get busted, it is not gonna be by a guy like that !\" Ferris said under his breath, holding the phone tightly to his ear. Cameron swiveled his body towards the door, gesturing with his arms. \"C'mon… Abe .\" Ferris held the phone out to Sloane. \"Ask for Abe Froman.\" She sighed heavily before snatching up the phone to hold up to her ear. She leaned up against hte podium and twisted the phone cord around her finger. \"May I speak to Abe Froman… the Sausage King of Chicago?\" The grin on Ferris' face made me groan, turning away with a roll of my eyes, hiding my face in Cameron's chest. \"If we get caught, can we be cell mates?\" I asked, voice muffled by his jersey. I felt him give off something between a scoff and a chuckle. \"Happily,\" he replied, sounding amused. \"... Leather jacket… white t-shirt… sweater vest. He's devastatingly handsome,\" Sloane was saying, clearly having been asked to describe 'Abe.' \"Yes, thank you.\" She pulled the phone away from her ear. \"I'm on hold.\" \"Great! Cam, get over here and act like the police chief, would ya?\" Ferris said, dragging Cameron over and forcing the phone into his hand. Cameron rolled his eyes and cleared his throat. \"Mr. Froman? This is Sergeant Peterson, Chicago Police.\" OOOO \"I appreciate your understanding,\" the maitre'd was saying after he had seated us in the lavishly decorated dining room. \"Don't think twice,\" Ferris said with a smile. \"It's understanding that makes it possible for people like us to tolerate people like yourself.\" I had to snort quietly into my hand, muffling the sound to make if affectively seem like a cough. The maitre'd forced a laugh, his face scrunching up like a mouse's. \"Thank you.\" \"Don't mention it.\" We all gave him clearly fake smiles, which made him squirm uncomfortably. \"Enjoy your lunch.\" And with that, he left us. Ferris smiled over at Sloane. \"Darling, you were wonderful,\" he complimented, the two toasting their wine glasses filled with ice-water. I rolled my eyes and sipped at my own water; Cameron, with a serious face, raised his glass to his lips, seeming like he was glaring at the rim of the glass. \"Cameron, darling, you thought we wouldnt have any fun… shame on you.\" Cameron gave him a look that read 'shut up,' and Ferris merely smiled and raised his menu to cover his face. Shortly after we ordered and finished our appetizers, our food arrived and Ferris left to use the restroom; as we picked at our food, I turned my head to look at Cameron and poked him with the butt of my fork. When he looked over at me curiously, I smiled at him. \"Parez-vous français?\" I teased with a giggle. He smiled and shook his head, laughing quietly as he pushed around something on his plate. \"Oui, en peu,\" he replied quietly, smiling down at his hands. We'd been in the same french class together through our entire high school career, and classes often consisted of us doodling in our note books and making strange jokes in french that no one else understood. \"So, what did we actually get?\" I stared down at what was on my plate and shrugged, not really knowing what had been ordered––Ferris had insisted on ordering for us all. \"Um… I think that those are gormet pickles… other than that… I have no clue,\" I admitted with a laugh, spearing one of the small pickles with my fork. Cameron did the same and shoved it into his mouth, biting down on it so it made a squelching sound that drew the shocked attention of other restaurant patrons; he did it a second time, smirking when he got the same reaction. Sloane and I laughed, realizing that that was how he was going to get through the meal––he was going to do things that these up-tight looking adults would think rude. I lifted my glass of water to my lips and tried to look as haughty as possible, tilting it just slightly as I slurped in a small sip of water. Cameron grinned and laughed silently, stirring his own water with a single finger. He glanced back over his shoulder at a man who was staring at us with his mouth gaping and his eyes wide, utterly shocked. Turning back, Cam made an 'oops' face before smirking again. \"You two are horrible,\" Sloane laughed, shaking her head with a grin. \"Both of you… you're just a dynamic duo, aren't you? Never stop, please.\" I grinned and took one of Cameron's hands in my own, kissing his knuckles before holding our clasped fingers under my chin. \"Of course we won't, right, Cameron, darling?\" I asked sweetly, tilting my head back to look at him. He was staring at our hands when I caught sight of his face, but he smiled when he met my gaze. \"Of course,\" he agreed. Once I gave him his hand back, he reclined in his seat and leaned his head back, coughing into his hand and then wiping his nose with the back of it, a devilish smile on his face, loving the fact he could disgust half of everyone in the restaurant with just a movement. Ferris soon rejoined us, just as jovial as before, sitting down as we decided to bite the bullet and dive into the meal. We chewed at what was on our plate, faces screwed up in a curious look; it tasted… interesting. It's texture was… interesting. And it looked… you got it… interesting. Setting down my fork, I pointed at Ferris, swallowing whatever was in my mouth. \"Ferris… what is this?\" I asked. He shrugged and stuck another forkfull into his mouth. \"Good,\" he replied. I shook my head and sighed. \"No, Ferris, what did you say when you ordered?\" He chewed and tilted his head back, thinking over what he had said when he'd ordered. \"Um… god, what was it… um… oh, it was called sweetbread,\" he said with a smile. I felt my face go slack. \"Why?\" \"We're eating pancreas, Ferris. You ordered us pancreas ,\" I told him evenly, watching as Cameron and Sloane stopped chewing, swallowing thickly after what I'd said. Ferris blinked at me a couple times and looked down at what he'd been eating. \"Oh,\" was all he said. I sighed and pushed my plate away. \"I think it's time for the check.\" OOOO The moment we walked outside was as though we'd all been sucker-punched in the gut. Standing on the curbside, waiting to get into a cab, was Mr. Bueller and two businessment. We stood just outside the door of Chez Quis and stared, wondering what the hell we were going to do; one glance over his shoulder and we would be caught. Busted. Finished. Dead. Suspended. Grounded. All of the above. \"Four thousand restaurants in the downtown area, I picked the one my father goes to,\" Ferris said dejectedly. Cameron, who had turned his back to the street in hopes that, if we were caught, he wouldn't be noticed, whipped his head around to look at Ferris. \"We're pinched for sure,\" he said. \"No way, Cameron. Only the meek get pinched. The bold survive.\" Ferris pulled on his hat. \"Let's go.\" \"Let's surender.\" \" Never, \" Ferris said in a confident whisper. Then simultaneously, we all pulled on our sunglasses, like we were in some sort of action movie. Before trotting down the steps, Ferris snapped his fingers and Sloane did the same. Cameron reluctantly did so and I mimicked them all with a flourish, tossing my hair over my shoulder before leaping down the steps. Like spies, we snuck our way behind Mr. Bueller, trying to climb into the waiting cab before he noticed us. Silently, Ferris reached for the handle, drawing his hand back when his father reached for it as well; we all lurched back, making silent exclamations, Cameron even going as far to running half a block down the street. Then, Ferris yanked the door open and jumped in, followed by Sloane, me, and then Cameron, who slammed the door shut at the last possible moment. \"Step on it!\" ordered Ferris. The cab driver strangely complied and took a hard right, tires screeching against the pavement as we made our great escape. \"That is as close to being James Bond as I want to get,\" I muttered, sighing in relief. \"Hey…\" Ferris murmured with a smirk. \"Isn't there a baseball came today?\" Afterword:[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I do not own Ferris Bueller or any of the involved characters; I only own my OC Raelyn. 6. Statuesque \"The fact you have never been to a professional baseball game hurts me deeply, Rae,\" Ferris told me as we settled into our seats at Wrigley Field. I snorted and rolled my eyes as I squinted my eyes into the sun. \"You were gonna take me but then you got the flu and vomited all over your bedroom floor, remember? You had the suckiest fifteenth birthday in the history of fifteen birthdays,\" I reminded him, chuckling at one of the only times he'd been truly sick. Ferris pulled a face at the memory and sniffed indignantly, obviously not willing to admit that he was the reason I had yet to attend a professional baseball game. I was seated at Cameron's right, holding a bag of popcorn that was probably going to serve as my lunch since pancreas was––surprise, surprise––not that filling. As I munched on the snack, I glanced over at the dark haired boy beside me, watching as his eyes flit over the field attentively; he was one of the biggest sports fans I'd had ever met. I didn't watch the games often, but when I did, Cameron would waste no time in giving my house a call to talk about it live with me. \"I can't believe we got tickets that last minute,\" Cameron commented. \"Well, more tickets sold, more money––that is one of the only applicable uses for math,\" I mentioned. Cam laughed and watched as the next player came up to bat; we'd come in late, but after a brief glance at the scoreboard (which read nothing to nothing), we were ready to go. The one thing I was honestly most excited about was the fact that Cameron seemed like he was actually having fun. What with the first half of the day absolutely destroying him emotionally, I would have expected him to sulk through the entire day, but, to my surprise… he was smiling. \"Want some popcorn to go with your hotdog?\" \"Oo, yes,\" he hummed happily, shoving his hand into the bag I held. I laughed as some of the popped kernels fell around my feet, his eagerness for food apparent as he shoved a handful of popcorn into his mouth. He looked at me all puffy cheeked with his eyebrows furrowing. \"Whaa?\" I laughed more at how distorted his voice was and just shook my head in response to his question, wrapping my arms around his in a hug. As the inning wore on, the four of us continuously made comments that blended into the crowd. Cam and I decided to see who could outdo the other in the most enthusiastic cheering, a competition that both amused and annoyed those sitting around us. One old guy thought it was absolutely hilarious and laughed whenever one or both of us would jump up, clapping as hard as we could. At one point one of the balls soared towards our section of the stadium and as everyone threw their hands up to see if they could catch it, Ferris––miraculously––snatched it out of the air. As the crowd cheered and people congratulated him, Cam and I were staring at him in shock and awe, watching as he held up the ball victoriously and then shook his hand out wincing slightly. \"Wooooooooo!\" Cameron called out as we sat back down again. I laughed in disbelief as Ferris tossed me the ball. \"Keep it,\" he told me with a smile before he went back to wincing. I shook my head with a grin, tossing the ball between both of my hands. Ferris flexed his fingers. \"I think I broke my thumb.\" \"He-eyyy, batter, batter, batter, batter, swing, battah!\" Cameron called out loudly through a mouthful of hot dog. He nodded to me and Ferris. \"C'mon!\" Sloane rolled her eyes and went back to doodling on some paper she'd had in her pocket. I snorted at her disinterest and joined in the boys' antics. \"He-eyyy, batter, batter, batter, batter, swing battah!\" we all called out. Cameron dropped his head back slightly and squinted his eyes shut as he continued to chant, \"Kennedy, Kennedy, Kennedy, Kennedy, sa-wing battah!\" \"You're a riot, Cam. I love ya for that,\" I told him truthfully as we all began picking at our snacks again. He smiled at me and nudged my side with his elbow. \"Same goes for you, Rae.\" \"Hey, do you realize if we played by the rules, we'd be in gym right now?\" Ferris asked as Cam shoved some chips into his mouth. They both shared a rather boyish chuckle before they continued to stuff their faces. I rolled my eyes at how desperate they seemed for food and went back to playing with the ball Ferris had caught. As the game wore on and Cam and Ferris continued their vocal berratings of different players and shoveled food into their mouths, I thought over what we could possibly do next. There was an entire city laid out before us, an infinite number of choices, and we just had to pick one. Then, in my head, I felt my inner Ferris kick in. All of the options. \"Hey, Ferris!\" I threw a couple pieces of popcorn at his head, catching his attention when one of the popped kernels hit him in the eye. \"Ow! What? Are you trying to blind me? Is that your ulterior motive for coming today?\" \"No, I just have an idea of where we should go next,\" I commented proudly, tossing the ball into the air before snatching it back up. His brows creased and he placed a hand over the right half of his chest. \"Be still my heart! Tell me this idea, for I know my protégé will make me proud!\" OOOO Turns out my idea went over well and after leaving the stadium, we went to the Art Institute of Chicago. We all trotted up the steps and I eagerly threw the door open to let my friends file inside. It seemed like we got there just about the same time as a school field trip, so, Ferris being Ferris, had the brilliant idea of following them for a bit. He grabbed onto one of the second graders' hands and then took hold of Sloane's, who grabbed Cam's, who grabbed mine. I felt a small hand take my free one and I looked down to see a little girl giggling at the fact a bunch of teenagers were infiltrating their class. I winked and gave a hushed 'shh' which made the little girl and her friends laugh. Of course, after wandering through the museum exhibits with the kids for a minute or two, we had to depart before their teacher caught us and got us thrown out. Soon we were wandering through the rooms of paintings, taking proper amounts of time to appreciate famous pieces of art, canvases spattered with paint, and statues that towered over us on pedestals. Sloane and Ferris disappeared at one point, leaving Cameron and I to wander about by ourselves. He stopped in front of a large painting depicting men, women, and children all on a shady lakeside. After I took in the whole of what I could take in, I turned to look at Cam, and noticed his pretty blue eyes were trained intently on the piece of art in front of us; I followed his almost worried looking gaze and found he was staring at the image of a small little girl in a white sundress. There was a crease between his brows that I didn't quite understand, so a gently touched his wrist, shocking him out of the trance that I let him stay in for a minute or two. \"You okay?\" I asked. He cleared his throat and nodded. \"Yeah, just appreciating the, uh… the… the brushstrokes that the painter used. All of the… stippling,\" he told me with a couple of nods that made me chuckle. I tilted my head towards the next exhibit. \"C'mon, I wanna show you something.\" I led him into the next room, where a beautiful Grecian statue sat on a pedestal in the center of the room. Her face was serene and when she had arms, they would have most likely delicately crossed across her body, holding the impossibly real looking swaths of cloth that were pooled around her feet. I had seen it a month or so back when I had to take my brother to the museum for a class project; what better way to spend a day off than with a group of rowdy middle schoolers? I stopped beside it and faced Cam with a silly smile on my face. I crossed on arm over my chest and the other over my stomach, tilting my head to the side and softening my face in order to mimic the way the statue looked. \"What do you think?\" I glanced over at Cameron with a smile creeping back up my face and found that he was just staring at me with a soft gaze. \"You look perfect,\" he told me. Laughing, I dropped my arms and nodded up at the statue. \"Nah. She's an ancient Grecian beauty, I'm just… well, look at me.\" I held out my arms out in order to present myself to him. \"I'm an ordinary teenage girl, Cam.\" Cameron gave a short laugh and shook his head almost as though I had said something utterly ridiculous. \"No, you're not an ordinary teenage girl. You're more beautiful than any stupid statue that's made of marble. Besides, you've got arms, she doesn't, so that's a distinct advantage you've got there. You're beautiful, Rae,\" he told me seriously and truthfully, a gentle smile on his lips. Blushing, I laughed awkwardly and rubbed at the back of my neck, casting my gaze towards the floor. \"Th-thank you.\" He shrugged and shoved both hands back into his pockets, giving a goofy looking smile. \"Only saying what's, uh… what's true…\" Cam smiled a bit wider and nodded for me to follow him, which I did happily, glancing up at the statue one last time with my own lips pulled up into a grin. We began walking around the galleries again, looking at paintings, sculptures, sheets of stained glass, and taking turns mimicking what we saw. Eventually our feet started to hurt, so we darted out into the courtyard and sat at one of the tables to take a rest. The wind was gentle and took its chance to ruffle its fingers through Cameron's hair playfully; the rich brown strands fluttered against his forehead and were tossed into his eyes, causing him to raise a hand to brush them away. It was a good thing he did, too, because if he hadn't, I would have. I leaned my head back and stretched out my legs, shutting my eyes against the warm sunlight. As much as I knew I should be hating how good it felt to be out of the confines of the school grounds… I couldn't bring myself to feel that way. There I was, with Cam, at the best art museum we'd ever been to, enjoying the weather without a care in the world, joking about how weird some modern painters were. It couldn't be better. \"Let's take a splash around,\" Cameron suddenly said. Reality seemed to snap back into my head, causing me to open my eyes and gape at my friend. He was bent over at the waist, pulling off his shoes and socks; he then began to roll up the legs of his khaki pants, cuffing them just below the knee. He looked up with a cheeky smile, nodding to the pool of water in the center of the courtyard. \"C'mon.\" \"The… you want to…?\" I stuttered out, pointing to the edge of the pool. He nodded and we both took a moment to look at the water, which appeared to be a vivid cobalt thanks to the way the interior had been painted. \"Cam… we'll get thrown out. Like… not even thrown out, we'd probably be taken to museum security and then we'll have our asses busted and get arrested and then grounded––\" \"You're starting to sound like me, and that's my job. So, take off your shoes,\" he leaned forward and tugged at the laces of my Cons, pulling the left one off, \"and your socks, and have some fun.\" Cameron grinned and pulled off one of my socks, something that made an irrepressible smile arise to my face. \"And now you're starting to sound like me. Have we fallen into some science fiction movie that enables mind swaps?\" I joked, working on my other shoe before tugging up my jeans. \"No, but you've managed to convince me to have fun somehow, even if I take it in gradual steps.\" Cam rose to his feet and jumped up onto the edge of the pool, smiling down at me; grinning, I jumped up next to him and held out my hand. He grasped it and we both jumped in after counting to three. The water was icy cold and made us both call out in shock. But after that initial shock, we began to laugh, sloshing through the water with our hands clasped together for balance. The pool bottom was enameled and slippery, making it feel as though we were walking on ice. A few others in the courtyard shouted at us to get out but went back to their lunches, some gossiped to each other, and others smiled and watched on like they were witnessing a scene out of some cheesy romance movie. We both wove between the two statues in the center of the pool, nearly slipping again as people watched. \"Oh my god!\" I squealed with laughter as I fell forward into Cam's chest. Chuckling, he spun us around and sprayed water up around us in droplets. He nodded back towards the table we had been sitting earlier. \"C'mon, there's fountain in the south courtyard.\" After jumping out of the mid-calf deep pool and snatching up our shoes, we took off at a run towards the south courtyard. We left watery footprints in our wake as we laughed and giggled like we were in elementary school again. The upturn of my lips and the pounding of my heart was all caused by the true amounts of fun Cameron had seemed to have been having since we left the restaurant. There was a boyish sort of grin on his face that was utterly irreplaceable. I knew that by tomorrow it would be replaced by the concerned downturn of his lips or the fleeting smiles I was graced with. But at that moment… running across flagstone with numbed, wet feet, it didn't matter. We were having fun. The second fountain was surrounded by trees in stone planters and was square like the other one we'd just gallivanted through. Twenty-something jets of water gently bubbled out of the water, making soft splashing sounds in the currently empty courtyard; a massive statue sat at the end, weather worn and imposing. Cam, still grinning, dropped his shoes and then placed both hands on his hips, surveying what was laid out before us. \"Alright, now, I've got an idea,\" he told me, looping an arm over my shoulders. \"A race.\" \"I'd be down with that,\" I agreed, dropping my shoes beside his. \"Rules?\" Cam hunkered down, hunching his shoulders so he was at my height level. He sniffed and flicked a thumb over his nose, narrowing his eyes as he splayed a hand out before us. \"Alrighty then, the rules,\" he said in a voice laced with a New Yorker accent. I smothered my laughter and tried to pull a serious face that matched his. \"No foul play, that will result in immediate elimination, alright? You slip, you slip, there's no stopping. And, uh… first one to the other end of the pool wins. Sound good, little lady?\" I nodded and bumped his hip with mine. \"Sounds good.\" \"On your mark… get set… run!\" We both lept into the pool with a kerthunking sort of splash, again calling out at the cold temperature of the water. The two of us soon realized that trying to run normally just wasn't going to do it, so Cam took to quoting our gym teacher. \"High knees, high knees!\" he called out. Cam flung out his arms and did as he'd instructed, thrusting his knees up high to let his feet clear the water. I laughed and tried to do the same, soon realizing that anyone who was watching might have thought we were absolutely insane. We stayed neck-in-neck for most of the race, but Cameron, with his insanely long legs, managed to pick up the slack at the end and get himself two steps ahead and won. He threw both arms into the hair and let out a whoop of victory. Rolling my eyes, I plopped myself down to sit on the edge of the pool and caught what breath I'd lost. \"Oh, great victor, what would you like your prize to be?\" I asked, tilting my head to the side. Placing both hands on his hips, Cam thought about it, eyes cast up into the leafy trees that ruffled in the breeze. Then, with another smile, he held out his hand to me and caught my gaze. \"A dance.\" I felt my brows shoot upwards in surprise. \"A dance?\" \"Yeah. A dance. Like a waltz or something,\" he said. Laughing, I took his hand and stood back up, giving him a look. \"Neither of us know how to waltz,\" I reminded him. \"Well, that's the beauty of improvisation, Rae,\" Cam said as he bowed. Laughing gently, I gave a mock curtsy and placed my free hand on his shoulder; he put his free hand on the curve of my waist and began to hum something that might have been a waltz of his own creation. Or, actually, maybe it was the one from that Sondheim show that the school did the year prior. Then we began to move in the semblance of a waltz, sloshing through water and tripping over our own feet. We laughed again as we slowly twirled, the backs of our legs dampening as we got too close to some of the water jets. Cameron was smiling as we reached the other end of the pool, having traveled as we danced. When we stopped, Cam lifted my hand and gave it a kiss, his eyes twinkling with something akin to mischief. I felt a blush rise to my cheeks and glanced sheepishly down at my feet, which were pink from the temperature of the water. We both hopped out of the fountain with damp pants and soaking feet and sat down to tug on our shoes. Our hour at the museum was up and we were on to the next adventure… which would probably be our last for the day, seeing as we needed to brave traffic in order to get home on time. We began our walk to find Sloane and Ferris, chatting idly as we did so. I felt Cameron's pinky brush against my own, his other fingers soon stretching out to take mine; as they interlocked, I smiled down at my feet with a feeling of girlish happiness, glancing up at him to see he was doing the same, his eyes locked on his feet with a smile on his face. Afterword: So… I've never been to the Chicago Institute of Art. So I went off pictures :) Hope you all enjoyed the chapter! REVIEW REPLIES! Liliana Celeste: I hope you enjoyed the chapter! I had a lot of fun writing the Museum scene, which I hit some writers block on and then finally got an idea for. Thanks again! Guest: Sorry about not putting the translations up. But what this is what they would be: Parlez-vous français?=do you speak french? Oui en peu= yes, a little. FurryHats: Hope you enjoyed the chapter and I'm glad you've been enjoying. Thanks again! cynthiatophklepinger: Things got real cute in this chapter, methinks XD I hope you keep on reading and keep on enjoying! Thanks again! Boston Rider: Ah, I wish I could go to the Chicago Art Institute; when I was writing this all I could see in my head was the Boston MFA, so I had to google image the museum XD I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Thanks again! Elder Schraderham: Glad you've been enjoying it and hope you stick around for more! Thanks again! And thank you to those who have added this to their favorites/alerts, it means a lot! Hope you all enjoyed and sorry for the late updates; my life got real crazy… again… and I got major writers block for a bit. But I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Thanks again! ~Mary ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Ferris Bueller's Day Off of any of the characters; I only own my OC Raelyn"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Ravager's Reign","Author":"Lostinawhisper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12557556","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Magnet that's Meant for Attraction Deep in the forest, the more evil magnet was watching over Lizzy's Wondrous Creations. It was Executor's evil brother, Ravager and he was after two things in the former junkyard –a lamp lunch and a fan wife-. When night approached, Ravager wheeled into their home, finding Fannie first. Being in the dark though, Fannie didn't notice it was another magnet, and saying \"Well, hello Executor, nice night isn't it?\" Ravager laughed, having a deeper voice than his brother and he grinned big at her. \"I'm not Executor, but someone better, my dear.\" Ravager told her Fannie's eyes widened bigger than they have before. \"R-R-Ravager!\" she replied, in fear, remembering what Sweetie told her about him Fannie started to fly away from him, but Ravager moved very fast in front of her, catching her in his mouth. Fannie started to scream from inside his mouth, but Ravager wasn't chewing or swallowing her. Instead he started talking to her to the best of his ability with his mouth being full. \"Relax my beauty, I'm not going to hurt you, in fact you're the only one I never want to hurt you, my dear.\" Ravager told her \"Y-You don't?\" Fannie, blushing slightly when he called her a beauty. \"No, in fact I want you to come to my home and join me for dinner, despite it being late.\" Ravager replied, trying to sound as romantic as possible \"But someone will notice you were here and that I'm gone.\" Fannie brought up \"It will only be for a little while, sweetheart.\" Ravager replied, moving his tongue so he would lightly lick her cheek \"I promise to bring you back, after our little date.\" Fannie actually giggled a little, since the licking tickled her a little \"I guess it couldn't hurt to be out for a little bit, big boy.\" Ravager smiled, though she couldn't see it and wheeled back to where he lived, the same place where Executor found Sweetie. That junkyard was long abandoned after Sweetie scared William away. Ravager then let Fannie out of his mouth and onto an old bed that was actually still soft. He then went to gather things for their dinner. Back at Lizzy's Wondrous Creations, Executor saw unusually big tire tracks. He knew only one could make tracks that large. \"Ravager…\" Executor growled angrily Sweetie wheeled over next to him, looking at the tracks. She then looked around, noticing that Fannie was also missing. \"Fannie's gone too!\" Sweetie brought up Executor looked at her \"She was here?\" \"That doesn't matter!\" Ocean Moon spoke up, hopping over \"We have to get her back!\" \"Mother's right, we have to do something!\" Sweetie replied Executor agreed with his two girls and the three of them left, following the tire tracks to the location of Ravager and where he's taken Fannie. Shortly, Sweetie recognized the area and started getting a little uneasy because of her past. She didn't let it get to her though, for she and her parents were on a rescue mission. To be continued Thank you again, Lampi01, for letting me use your characters.[Chapter 2] Dinner Date Interrupted Back at the abandoned junkyard, Fannie was waiting for her host that brought her here to return with their dinner. Fannie never tried eating, but decided to do so. She didn't want to hurt his feelings since it seemed like he was really trying to impress her and didn't seem as mean as what Sweetie described. Soon, Ravager came back with small and large pieces of scrap metal, dropping it between them. \"What's this?\" Fannie asked \"It's dinner, my dear.\" Ravager told her, trying to act like a gentleman \"I didn't know what you liked, so I just brought what I normally eat.\" \"Well….thanks for the gesture, Ravager, but I might pass on this meal.\" Fannie told him Ravager sighed \"I understand, sweetheart. I mostly brought you here, because you sparked my interest when I saw you at my brother's place.\" \"Well, I was a fan of him of him before.\" She replied, both of them laughing from that pun \"I thought I did have a shot with him, but I lost that chance when he got married.\" Ravager looked deep into her eyes, smiling a sweet smile. \"You were not good enough for my brother, but you are perfect for me, sweetheart.\" He replied, moving slowly towards her, puckering his lips, getting ready to give her a kiss. Before he could kiss her though, Fannie was snatched away right before he could, causing him to kiss the bed she was on instead. When Ravager looked to see who it was, Sweetie had Fannie in her claws with Ocean Moon and Executor there too. Sweetie then placed Fannie in her main body so Ravager couldn't get to her so easily. Ravager glared angrily at them \" What is the meaning of this?!\" \" Why don't I ask you ?!\" Executor snapped back \"You just stole our friend against her will!\" \"It was the only way to talk to her.\"Ravager replied \"Yeah, so you could turn around and eat her.\" Sweetie spoke up Ravager eyed the young crane \"Sweetie, was it? You're my young niece and let me tell you this. If I wanted to eat your friend, I would have already done so.\" Ravager then shot his gaze at Ocean Moon, licking his lips. \"This one looks much more appetizing anyway.\" Ravager responded, moving in fast, trying to pull her into his jaws. Before he could though, Executor got right in the way. \"If you eat my wife, I'll make sure you never see the light of day! \" Executor yelled Sweetie then wrapped a strong chain around her uncle's crane neck, so he couldn't move as easily. Ravager tried to lunge at them, but was stopped by the chain, causing him to growl at his niece. \"You think this will hold me?\" Ravager asked as the group was leaving \"Just you wait! I'll break free and when I do, I'm coming for my lunch and my bride!\" The group got back home quickly and Sweetie let Fannie go again and the blue fan looked out in the direction they just came. \"Don't get hung up on him.\" Executor told her \"He might have been acting sweet to you, but that's just what he does. He sweet talks with small appliances like you, then snatches you up in one bite and once you enter his stomach, there's no getting you back.\" \"How so, father?\" Sweetie asked \"Well, this might sound strange, but his stomach is also in his head. Just get past the opening in the back of his mouth and you drop right in, dissolving almost instantly, if his strong jaws and teeth didn't mash you up first.\" Executor explained \"Woah, that is dangerous then, we probably should get Fannie home and we need to hide mom too.\" Sweetie replied \"I couldn't agree more.\" Executor responded, highly agreeing with his daughter \" You two are both wrong! \" Fannie yelled, suddenly, throwing her two larger friends off \" He loves me and he said I was perfect! He even admitted that he didn't want to hurt or eat me!\" \"We still can't take any chances.\" Executor told her \"My brother can be very dangerous.\" \"It doesn't matter, I'm staying here. I can take care of myself here.\" Fannie replied Fannie refused to leave Elizabeth's place, even with the possible threat of Ravager returning, and he soon would be. Back at the junkyard, Ravager was in tears after his lady disappeared from him. At the same time, he was filled with deep anger, mostly at his brother and niece. He lunged a couple more times and eventually broke the chains around his crane neck. He then moved fast in the direction of where they took Fannie. \"Don't worry, my love.\" He said \"I'm coming for you.\" To be continued….[Chapter 3] Apology to the Family Ravager soon came back to Lizzy's Wondrous Creations, mostly for a fan that he wanted as his bride. He stayed hidden in the woods, like did before. This time though, he didn't wait as long to come out and back into the former junkyard, wheeling towards Fannie, but was soon confronted by Sweetie. \"And just what do you think you're doing here, Uncle Ravager?\" Sweetie asked, glaring deeply at him \"I've come for the fan of course.\" Ravager replied, sighing due to high amounts of regret \"I've also come to apologize to my own kin….you…my brother…and my sister-in-law.\" Sweetie looked confused, but continued to listen. Executor and Ocean Moon came over too, but Sweetie stopped them, so the blood red magnet could speak. \"Look…I'm sorry for earlier… Fannie just really caught my eye and I felt bad when she said she was in to you, but you ended up marrying.\" Ravager told them, looking directly at Executor \"I wanted her to feel like she still had a second chance if she wanted a magnet in her life, and I want to be that magnet.\" \"Oh how sweet.\" Sweetie replied \"But you still tried to eat me.\" Ocean Moon spoke up \"Because, I need to confess, I'm always hungry, and appliances were the only food I've ever known. I don't know what else to go for.\" Ravager responded Sweetie then got an idea to help him get his mind off of his appliance hunger. She wheeled over to the house, knocking on the door with her claw to get Elizabeth's attention. When Elizabeth came out, Sweetie told her everything and had her mistress go grab something for her hungry uncle. \"So you're Ravager right?\" Elizabeth asked \"I'm Elizabeth, the mistress of Executor, Sweetie, and Ocean Moon. I hear you're a hungry big boy.\" \"Oh I always am.\" Ravager responded, chuckling slightly Elizabeth then pulled out a marble cake with vanilla frosting on it. Ravager looked at it, then looked at Elizabeth, confused. \"Come down here, then open up big boy.\" Elizabeth told him Ravager still looked confused, but he did as he was told. He lowered his head to her and opened his mouth wide. Elizabeth then flipped the tray over so that the cake would land on his ruby colored tongue. Ravager then closed his jaws and tasted the food in his mouth, mmming as he does. \"My dear, that was the best thing I've ever eaten,\" Ravager replied \"I'll stop eating appliances if I keep getting grub like that.\" \"I think we can make that a deal.\" Elizabeth responded Ravager looked around \"Now where is that cute little fan?\" \"Oh she had to go home, her mistress figured she came here, so she came and got her.\" Executor told him \"I know where she lives though, if you want to talk to her.\" Sweetie responded, then giggled \"I'll walk you right over there.\" \"Hold it, I'm coming too.\" Executor spoke up \"I actually miss those crazy appliances.\" \"And I'll come with too.\" Ocean Moon added \"We'll go as a family.\" Elizabeth replied, then looked at Ravager \"All of us.\" Ravager smiled big from that. It felt nicer to him to be a kinder magnet, no wonder why his brother resorted to this kind of life. \"However, you three will need to do one thing.\" Elizabeth reminded them \"Oh right.\" Executor replied Executor and Sweetie nudged Ravager to the shrink ray and Elizabeth activated it, making them the size of coyotes. Ravager soon understood why this was done, since it would be easier to get into a house at this size. Elizabeth even grabbed her grey wolf dog, Silver Song, putting her leash and harness on and they all walked to Ellie's place together. To be continued….[Chapter 4] Meeting the Strange Appliances The entire family of Lizzy's Wondrous Creations were headed to Ellie's house, when a particular standing lamp and one-eyed coffee pot where standing out there, right as they came up. Potter didn't notice Executor right away and thee first one he saw was Ravagar. \"Wattson, is it just me, or did Executor get badly sunburned?\" Potter spoke up, clearing talking about the wrong magnet \"No! That's Ravager!\" Wattson pointed out \"Quick act natural!\" Right as he said that, Potter starter clucking like a chicken \"We are not chickens, Potter!\" Wattson told him Executor, Elizabeth, Sweetie walked past the three right there and went into the house. Ravager just laughed at them, saying, \"Do you think I'm that stupid to think you're not alive?\" \"Well, you'd know that better than us, sir.\" Potter answered back Ravager growled angrily at them \"If I wasn't in love with your friend, you'd both be in my stomach right now.\" Ravager told them \"But, since my brother was taken, it leaves me in the running of fan of the magnet.\" Potter gasped when he heard that \"Wattson, he's talking about Fannie!\" \" Do you think so?\" Wattson responded, with complete sarcasm in his voice. Just then Fannie came out and saw the magnet that was deeply in love with her. He was currently at a coyote size, but it was still him! Ravager looked over to her and smiled. \"Hello, my little sweetheart.\" He replied, keeping his smile Fannie fluttered past Wattson and Potter over to the blood red magnet. \"Hiya, big guy.\" Fannie replied \"Don't mind them, they're not all what they seem.\" Potter then started to pretend cry saying, \"You've caught me red forked! I'm secretly a tea pot!\" \"No you're not.\" Wattson told him \"Fannie was just saying we're harmless.\" \"I know.\" Potter replied, causing Wattson to face plug Ravager couldn't help but laugh at them. They were truly funny. \"Also you two, if I really wanted to eat you, I would've done it by now.\" Ravager told them Wattson sighed in relief \"At least he's honest about this.\" Do we taste good?\" Potter asked, Ravager Ravager smiled and licked Potter everywhere, covering him in his light pink saliva. \"You don't taste good, you taste great!\" Ravager told him Potter shuddered from that, trying to get Ravager's gooey saliva off of him, but it was super thick and didn't come off easily. \"I just got licked by a magnet…\" Potter responded, not fully satisfied, while everyone else burst out laughing. Ravager then wheeled in with his lady and new found friends. They soon joined everyone else in the basement. Good thing Sweetie already explained that Ravager was here, and more tamed, explaining that he wouldn't eat them. The one who didn't trust him still was Phil. Phil squinted his eyes at the blood red magnet \"So you're the appliance eating magnet.\" Ravager shook his large head \"Not anymore, not after I found my family and a lovely fan.\" He then shot Fannie a very charming look, giving her a kiss. Good thing he was at this size, since Fannie was able to kiss him back. Everyone was rather happy, except Blenny. \"Yuck!\" Blenny responded, with his childish voice \"Yeah, yuck.\" Sweetie said to play along \"Get a room, brother.\" Executor called to him \"Oh speak for yourself.\" Ravager responded, smirking Sweetie then noticed Potter \"Woah, what happened to you?\" \"Let's just say, don't let giant magnets give you baths.\" Potter responded, still shuddering \"Are you sure, I think it's time for another bath.\" Ravager replied, licking him all over again, causing everyone to laugh, especially Wattson and Executor. \"That's not funny!\" Potter told them \"Nope, it's hilarious.\" Executor replied through laughter Ravager was happy to be in this new life, with this cray group of family and friends. He was glad he gave up his evil life, and now there was only one problem left. He still wanted Fannie as his bride. To be continued…. The beginning of this chapter came from a hilarious RP with Lampi01. It was so fun to do this because of it.[Chapter 5] A Magnet's Love for a Fan Ravager knew he still wanted Fannie as his bride and he decided to man up and ask her. However, he wanted to seem more charming though, when he asked. He went back upstairs and outside for a minute then came back in and went to Fannie. \"Hello, my sweetheart.\" Ravager responded, nuzzling her \"Hiya again, big boy.\" Fannie responded, petting his face with her plug \"Listen, my dear, I know we've only known each other for a short while, but I've already fallen in love with you.\" He replied and reached over to his main body and pulled out blue and red flowers that he picked outside, then tried talking the best he could with them in his mouth \"Will you marry me?\" \"I object to that!\" Phil spoke up \"You two barely spent time with each other and he's already proposing?\" \"You mean like how you and Sweetie have gotten much closer, when you only met her twice before?\" Executor asked him \"He's got you there, Phil.\" Mish-Mash spoke up \"You don't even retreat from her anymore and you let her give you that fancy bulb you love so much.\" \"That is very true.\" Sweetie replied \"Besides, it was quicker for me and Executor.\" Ocean Moon spoke up \"It was only a few hours before we decided to tie the knot.\" \" Quiet!\" Fannie yelled, so everyone would shut up \"Let me think, so I can answer him.\" Fannie then started to think this over. Ravager has been super nice to her, in fact one of friendliest machines she's run into. She thought it was kind of nice when he carried her to his home in his mouth, it was comfy in there, although he had to do that with the lack of arms and his magnetic powers wouldn't work on her since she's plastic. It was nice of him to try and feed her, even though he didn't know what she liked, but it was a nice gesture. Lastly, he did patch up things with Executor and his family, so Ravager really does seem perfect. I also noticed those flowers were in both our colors. \"I've made my decision…\" Fannie began, everyone staring at her awaiting an answer, which was, \"Yes.\" Ravager felt like the happiest magnet alive and gave the flowers to her, kissing her afterwards. \"Thank you my love, I'm so happy you accepted.\" He replied \"Why wouldn't I, you've been nothing but nice to me.\" Fannie replied, fluttering to and landing on top of his head \"We don't need to marry right away too like, Executor over there.\" \"Oh I agree.\" Ravager responded, then looked to his brother \"I know we magnets are supposed to attract things to us, but with you that's kind of fast.\" \"It just means I'm better at attracting than you.\" Executor teased \"Oh both of you got nothing. I really have Phil hooked now.\" Sweetie replied, playing along Everyone started laughing from how silly they were being. \"I guess that means I'll probably be staying here then.\" Ravager responded \"Oh that's up to you and Ellie to decide.\" Potter told him Just then, Ellie came down into the basement and Ravager approached her. \"Magnet boy right there and Fannie plan on getting hitched.\" Phil told her \"I objected, but they lectured me about being the same with Sweetie.\" \"Well, you have gotten closer to her and you cherish that bulb.\" Ellie told him \"Yes, but I also wish to stay here with my love and her friends, if that's okay.\" Ravager responded Just then Elizabeth came down, hearing the whole thing. She put her hand on Ellie's shoulder. \"You know when you open your repair shop, you could use some help with heavier metal objects.\" Elizabeth brought up \"He'll be able to help you with that, no problem.\" \"I guess I'll be needing a silly claw crane too then.\" Ellie replied, laughing \"Yeah, you're right on that though. I will take him them, since you already have your crazy giants and blue lamp too.\" Elizabeth laughed at that too \"Who knows, you may find a crane.\" \"It won't be as good as me though!\" Sweetie shouted randomly. Everyone just turned and looked at her when she said that. \"I think it's about time for me to go home though.\" Elizabeth brought up, then called for Sweetie, Ocean Moon, and Executor to come over. Everyone said their good byes and Elizabeth left with her trio. She hoped her friend would do well with her repair shop with Ravager there to help her. She also wished him and Fannie the best of luck with their relationship. However it wouldn't be long though before a certain pink crane was about to meet a troublesome pest. The End. The next coming story is Now Sweetie is the Prize ! Keep a look out for it! Thanks again, Lampi01 for letting me use your characters. ","Summary":" A Magnet that's Meant for Attraction Deep in the forest, the more evil magnet was watching over Liz"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"The King's Wrath","Author":"Lostinawhisper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12639816","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The King's Sadness and a Dying Magnet It had been a few days since King gained the wishing magic to try and use against his son that left him. However, he also tried it to do something else with this magic….he tried to bring his deceased wife, Queen, back. However, sadness took over him, when he realized she truly could never come back to him, causing him to softly cry. Just a little bit away in a large flower field lived a very old light purple colored tower electromagnet, even older that Executor and Ravager, and one of the only female magnets ever made. Like, Ravager, she too has a mouth and usually shined her lips with water to make it look like lipstick. However, she lost her magnetic abilities and couldn't move very fast anymore, due to old age. Her name was BelBel and she heard King crying and moved over to him, even though it took a while. She knew King well, so she knew how to talk him. \"What's the matter, King?\" BelBel asked, nudging him slightly King looked over \"Oh, hey BelBel….I gained magic and tried bring my wife back….it didn't work.\" \"Even if you can't see her, she's with you. She lives in spirit and she loves you, she always will.\" BelBel told, him, then started to groan in pain that shot through her entire head. King saw that and looked concerned \"What's wrong, old girl?\" BelBel sighed and looked at him with a sad expression in her lavender eyes \"As you know I'm very old, your majesty, and because of that I'm slowly dying every day.\" King seemed sad about that, since he knew BelBel a long time and she even used to babysit Prince when he was younger. It would hurt to see her die, so he tried to see if the magic could help her. It didn't help with her old age, but it did delay the fact of her dying, but she wouldn't be able to avoid it completely. BelBel then moved slowly back to the flower field and King went to thought, thinking she was right, Queen could still be around in spirit. However, he remembered his son and remembering what he and Sweetie did to him and his rage returned to him. He then started to think of a plan to take them both out for good. To be continued…..[Chapter 2] Meeting the Sweet Magnet With the return of the crane King, the monarch now having wishing magic in him, he was to be a greater threat and a certain pink she-lamp already knew about that, as if it were a sixth sense she had. Prince was a little surprised, not by the fact that his evil father was still alive, but by the fact that he was now magical. \"How are we going to get passed him now?\" Prince asked \"I'll go,\" Sweetie spoke up, then looked to Loumine, \"do you think you could transform me into something to get passed the husky guards?\" \"I can try and see what I can do, since I've transformed appliances before, but not a tower crane.\" Loumine admitted Loumine then used the magic she used to get Phil back to normal, but in reverse. The pink crane was then transformed into a white arctic wolf. Sweetie looked at herself, knowing this would work. However, Loumine fainted for using that much power on a much bigger machine, so Sweetie grabbed her in her mouth and ran off with her. Wattson seeing that, went off with them with Potter following him. When they got to the edge of the woods where King's territory was, they came to a large field…where they spotted a purple she-magnet with blue eyes drinking from the pond there. Potter being the friendly pot that he was, hopped right over to her. The magnet looked over to him and lifted her head so her lips and lower body were out of the water. She smiled to him saying, \"Well, hello there little one, what brings you to me?\" Everyone else came over to her. \"We're looking for King.\" Sweetie spoke up \"Do you know where he is?\" \"Ah, yes, I know King well, I used to babysit his son when he was younger.\" The magnet replied \"If you're looking for him, he's in the forest near the waterfall.\" \"Thank you for the information, Bellissa.\" Loumine brought up \"It's been a long time since anyone's called me that. I'm usually known more often as BelBel now.\" BelBel told them, still with a sweet smile on her face. Potter was speechless, looking at this sweet magnet and actually kind of liked her. BelBel saw that, so she lowered her head to him and gave him a big kiss with her plump, soft lips. Potter didn't say anything, but started giggling, clearly bashful. Sweetie smirked and nudged Wattson \"And I thought you were bashful with your girlfriend.\" \"It's mutual!\" Loumine and Wattson responded in unison Everyone started laughing, until BelBel felt intense pain shoot through her, causing her to wince in pain. Potter noticed and finally got some courage to talk to her \"What's the matter, Bellissa?\" BelBel groaned in pain \"It's just my old age…and I'm slowly dying…\" Right as she said that though, she was zapped with a light….that actually made the old magnet young and pretty again, adding a bit of a shine to her purple head. Only Loumine knew who it was, which it was Sparx, one of the few good things he's done. BelBel looked over and saw him, whispering \"Thank you\" then looked to the others \"If you're looking for King, I suggest you head there now. I hope to see you all again soon.\" The group said their goodbyes to BelBel and set off to find the King. It wasn't long until they found him and he was heavily guarded from any intruders coming in. If they were going to get passed him, they were going to need a plan.[Chapter 3] A Shadow Magnet and a Royal Rescue On their way to King's territory in the forest, Sweetie, Potter, Wattson, and Loumine, traveled close to a hidden dark cave, with a black giant magnet hiding inside, watching them with his ruby red eyes. Like Ravager, he had a strong hunger, but not just for appliances, but animals too, seeing all four them as small morsels. He licked his lips with his dark purple tongue, humming at the thought of having them in one sitting. When they got close he called out to them. \"Hey, you four, come here!\" he called out in a deep voice \"I want to talk to you.\" Sweetie saw him first, but only saw his eyes, the rest of him being hidden in the darkness. Everyone else soon spotted him too and froze, seeing the piercing red eyes, staring right at him. \"W-Who are you?\" Potter asked a little nervous The black magnet just laughed, then answered \"Shadow.\" Wattson hopped a little closer, shining his light, so they could see more of Shadow, revealing he was much more menacing than BelBel was, who they just met. It wasn't expected they find another giant magnet out there though. \"So, you said you want to talk to us?\" Loumine asked, clearly not trusting Shadow at all. \"Of course, come closer, all of you.\" Shadow replied, lowering his head, his eyes looking like they were glowing slightly. Sweetie was actually drawn into the gaze and slowly started to walk towards him, as if she were caught in some sort of trance. The others followed Sweetie, trying to stop her from getting too close. Shadow grinned big and moved his head closer to them, slowly, and opening his giant mouth, getting ready to snap them up with his sharp, ebony teeth. However, something bashed Shadow in the head. Sweetie snapped out of her trance and everyone else stopped to see….King? King stood there, glaring at Shadow, who was groaning from being hit by him hard in the head. \"How many times must I tell you, my subjects aren't food and neither are guests!\" King snapped, then looked to the group of four, oddly not looking mad at them \"I heard you were coming to my kingdom. BelBel came to me and told me about you all, and that an appliance saved her life. She actually did look much younger.\" Shadow's eyes widened, hearing the name of his long lost sister. He had been looking for her for almost forty years, and King knew her and her whereabouts the whole time? \"You know my twin sister and you never told me?\" Shadow spoke up \"I didn't know that was your sister, and I wouldn't suspect it, since you're nothing like her, Shadow.\" \"Sorry, to interrupt this, but can we enter your kingdom, your highness?\" Potter spoke up \"Agreed, I'd rather stop this agreement and go already.\" Wattson added King nodded, \"Certainly, for you I want to get to know, for maybe my deceased wife was right. You appliances aren't that bad, if on saved my son's best babysitter. It would've been sad to see her die.\" \"It would…I've always loved my sister, she being the only one that ever cared for me…\" Shadow spoke up, sounding sad \"I've miss her every day, and I thought she was dead.\" \"Well, we could let you see her again and I'm sure she would be happy to see you again.\" Sweetie brought up Shadow nodded and started to move out of the cave \"It was about time I left this lonely cave anyway.\" \"I'm sure of it, but you better start treating everyone with respect, and not see them as your next meal.\" Loumine brought up \"You have my word.\" Shadow responded The group then moved towards King's kingdom by the waterfall, where many husky dogs were standing guard, most of them looking impressed by Sweetie, her being a wolf, and wolves were highly respected by them. BelBel was there too, and was happy to see her brother again, nuzzling him, as he burst into tears of joy to see his only sister again. BelBel even leaned down and kissed Potter, causing him to giggle nonstop, still bashful around her. However, Loumine noticed something about King. He was off by himself near the waterfall…fighting with himself. Loumine knew he was going through a mixture of madness and depression and she wasn't going to stop until she knew what was bothering the monarch, hoping she could help him in some way. To be continued….[Chapter 4] Love Is In the Air Loumine couldn't help but notice that King was upset by something and she found out why when he heard him talking to himself. He badly missed his wife, but knew she was never coming back. She hopped over next to him and looked up to them. \"Listen, your highness, I know you miss your wife, but you have to let this go or else you'll continue hurting.\" She told him King looked down at her with a sad expression in his eyes \"No, I never knew how perfect she was until she's gone….and I miss my sweet Queen.\" \"Listen, sir, I know a nice lavender crane that you may like. She lost her husband and I'm sure she would love to meet you.\" Loumine brought up King sighed saying \"Alright, I'll meet this friend of yours, but I can't promise anything.\" Loumine used her magic to teleport her friend, Aurora there, who was singing Once Upon a Dream . It took a lot power to get her here, causing Loumine to fall over. Aurora picked her back up asking \"Loumine, long time no see. What can I do for you?\" \"It's not me who needs help.\" Loumine replied and points over to King \"That's the crane king and he badly misses his wife.\" Aurora looked over and wheeled over to King and nuzzled him lightly, causing him to look over to her. \"How do you do?\" King asked \"Loumine told me you lost your husband, I'm sorry about that.\" \"I should say the same to you with your wife, but she knows you still love her, just like I love my husband.\" \"Also, that song, Queen did used to sing that, it's what attracted me to her.\" King admitted \"It's what made me find her and it even attracted our son to us too, which I owe him a big apology too.\" \"I'm sure they'll forgive you, they can see you're not evil and they are your family.\" Aurora responded, smiling with her claws \"Which if you're alone now, why not join my family. You even remind me of my queen.\" King told her, smiling with his claws too, lightly nuzzling her \"Oh I would love to, King.\" Aurora responded nuzzling him back Potter couldn't help but smile, but he suddenly felt lonely. Shadow wheeled over to him, probably knowing how he was feeling. \"Feeling lonely huh? You want someone to love you too?\" Shadow asked \"Yes, I wonder if I will find love.\" Potter responded \"If not, we bachelors can stick together and hangout or something.\" Shadow told him \"In fact, you guys seem like you would be a lot of fun.\" \"Yeah, you seem cool yourself when you're not trying to eat us.\" Potter admitted Suddenly BelBel wheeled over and gave Potter another big kiss \"If you're looking for love, cutie, you don't have to look much farther, since I think Cupid's arrow shot me and my love is for you.\" BelBel responded Potter immediately hugged her, but then looked back over to Shadow. \"You know, I knew a yellow magnet that might like you…even though she didn't like me or Wattson very much.\" Potter told him \"Her name is Buttercup.\" \"I'd love to meet her and perhaps I can help with that problem.\" Shadow told him King overheard them and used his magic, with the help of Loumine's, to summon Buttercup right there. \"Yes, I'd love to…\" Buttercup began before she realized she wasn't in her territory anymore \"Who are all of you, what am I doing here?\" \"I requested to meet you, actually.\" Shadow spoke up \"I'm Shadow by the way.\" \"Buttercup,\" she replied, looking confused, then saw Potter and Wattson \"You two again! I'm still not pleased for you trespassing!\" \"Hey, easier there, once you get to know them, they're actually pretty cool.\" Shadow admitted, even though he saw Potter hide net to BelBel and Wattson was in the bushes with Loumine. \"Very well, Shadow, would you happen to know a dark place I could stay?\" she asked \"Well, it just so happens I live in a cave and it's plenty dark, though it's nothing compared to a beauty like you, especially in your eyes.\" Shadow told her, with a smile Buttercup fluttered her eyelashes at him saying, \"Oh c'mere cutie.\" And kissed his cheek \"Well, in that case come with me.\" Shadow responded and lead her back to his cave so they could be alone. BelBel just smiled \"Looks like love is all around, though it's no secret that needs to be kept. Express it and you'll feel great.\" \"It sure does.\" Aurora admitted While love was in the air in that area of the forest, everyone was getting much happier. Would it all remain that way or will there be trouble later on? Will Prince be okay with having a new mom? To be continued…. Buttercup and Aurora belong to Lampi01, thanks for letting me use them[Chapter 5] Return Home Almost all problems have been solved, just one remaining now. King got a new wife, but he still owed a big apology to Prince. Sweetie offered to take King to him, and BelBel, Shadow, Aurora, and Buttercup decided to tag along to meet everyone, though King and Shadow agreed they wanted to stay in the forest, though BelBel was considering sticking around her new coffeepot friend that she was gaining feelings of love for. Prince came out noticing his real father there, asking \"What are you doing here?\" King sighed in a sad way \"I came to apologize to you. I regret killing your mother and I miss her every day. She will always be with us in spirit though and I know she still loves us very much.\" Prince smiled lightly with his claws \"Thanks, father, I needed to hear that from you,\" he began then saw Aurora, asking \"Who are you?\" \"I'm Aurora, I'm your father's love interest and I'm happy to have you as my son.\" Aurora told him, lightly hugging the younger crane Prince started to cry lightly, hugging her back \"You're just like my mom…\" Sweetie started to smile at them with her claws until she saw Shadow, Buttercup, and BelBel surrounding something, awwwing at it, then she saw it was Blenny who was out and he seemed nervous about the three big strangers. \"Sheesh is every giant magnet going to go nuts for babies?\" Sweetie asked, then started snap her claws at them several times, yelling \" hup two, ya ya !\" until they backed off Blenny tapped Sweetie with his plug \"Mama Sweetie, what's with the big strangers?\" \"Oh, it must be a magnet thing to be kid crazy,\" she replied \"Which that's BelBel, Shadow, and Buttercup.\" \"Sorry about that, my babysitter instincts took over.\" BelBel admitted \"And we just like children.\" Shadow added \"However, I think it's time for us to go.\" \"Agreed, because I need to bring you into kiss heaven, big boy.\" Buttercup responded, nudging Shadow, causing him to grin and blush \"Agreed, and I'll visit time to time.\" King added \"I'll be sticking around though, for I really like this little coffee bean.\" BelBel replied, kissing Potter, making him giggle like crazy again \"It was nice to see all of you.\" Prince responded, saying his last good bye King, Shadow, Aurora, and Buttercup went back into the forest, while BelBel stayed behind with her new found friends. With an ending like this will come new beginnings, but that is another story. The End Thank you Lampi01 for letting me use you're characters. They're still very fun to use. The next stories to come are backstories of how my dorks came to be. ","Summary":" The King's Sadness and a Dying Magnet It had been a few days since King gained the wishing magic to"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Metal and Fire","Author":"SoaringSilverWing","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10146970","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! I don't know why, but suddenly I felt like putting something up for Real Steel. The idea just came to me and I promise I'll make future chapters longer, this one is basically just an Intro. Hope you like it! Please Read and Review! Prologue: Silver Flare and Cyan Spark Charlie and Max were watching Metro beat up a tiny bot by the name 'Crusher'. Their two robots, Atom and Noisy boy sat behind them in the special seats King Pin had put up for observing bots once the world realised they could talk. They usually speak in frequencies inaudible to humans but they recently discovered how to speak so humans could hear them. Noisy boy scoffed at the bot facing Metro as his head was ripped off. The owner came rushing in and examined his bot with concern. King Pin walked up to him with a smug grin and the owner pursed his lips and payed up before taking the pieces of his bot into a wagon and carting them off. \"Anyone else wanna challenge Metro?!\" yelled King Pin before adding as an after note to the questioning expression of Noisy Boy and Atom, \"Except those two…\" Noisy Boy fist-bumped Atom. The door behind them swung open and Midas sauntered into the robot-viewers pavilion, sitting on the other side of Atom. \"I'll take Metro.\" A feminine voice in the crowd called. Midas raised an eyebrow. The crowd parted wondering who the challenger was and whether she saw what happened to 'Crusher'. The owner was a girl about the same age as Max, with long black hair, drawn eyes and pale blue eye shadow. She wore a black metal-accented jacket and boots to match along with black jeans and a purple top. Behind her was…. \"Unbelievable…\" said King Pin barely noticing his mike was on. A female robot walked behind the girl. She had a perfectly designed figure and her fingers were long and slender. She held her metal head high. Two spikes of her 'hair' fell to the front and the rest at the back, the metal strands shone silver in contrast to her blue-purple and black design. \"My name's Sapphire and this is my robot 'Silver Flare' Metro's challenger\", the girl said boldly. Atom heard Midas wolf-whistle and Noisy Boy leaned forward, \"Damn.\" She put her hands up for the fight. xxx \"Wow that is one killer bot! How'd she make that?\" Charlie asked awestruck son. It was quite a while after Atom's Zeus fight, but he was still in the ring and fighting hard, and his now sixteen year old child was proud of it. They were watching an underworld match between King Pin's Metro and the new robot. Silver Flare. King Pin was having a fit. He had already lost three rounds to the girl and wasn't winning this one either. Silver Flare was smashing him around the ring with perfectly executed blows and kicks. Metro's jaw hung slack by a single bolt and he jolted backwards. Silver Flare kicked him in the ribs and punched his head off as the owner jumped up gleefully. King Pin handed over the money with a snarl and she walked out, followed by her robot. Max decided he wanted to know where she lived and begged Charlie to let them go after her. Charlie rolled his eyes and the over-caring teen and let himself be dragged after his son. He noticed Atom, Noisy Boy and Midas follow them. Sapphire turned two corners till she came to an old building site, and a derelict apartment. She walked through the broken supports followed by her bot and sat down somewhere shady, sighing heavily. \"Someday Silver, we'll do it right.\" The robot followed her and sat next to her. \"We can't just let her live like this Charlie!\" Before Charlie could stop him he had run off towards Sapphire and her bot. The bot rose to a fighting stance and from behind another support, another bot came out and joined Silver Flare. Also female. This one was a more Cyan colour. With black rims and the same kind of hair, but shorter. Sapphire rose and called her robots off, \"You're Max Kenton. Atom's owner? What do you want with me? I'm not selling Silver or Teal!\" Atom stepped towards Silver Flare and 'Teal', switching to frequency speech so that his owners could not hear him, \"My name's Atom. That's Noisy Boy and Midas.\" Noisy gave a slight incline of the head and Midas gave them the two finger greeting. Silver smiled a bit,\"I think you know I'm Silver Flare, she's Teal Spark.\" Soon, Max and Charlie had persuaded Sapphire to buy a house next to where they lived. Even connect the two houses. She admitted she did just get some serious cash from Metro and had enough now from fight wins to buy a house. And that's what she did. Sapphire, Silver Flare and Teal Spark would find themselves meeting robots and people more often now.[Chapter 2] Hey everyone! Here's chapter two! And I assure you, I have a plot. Look forward to later chapters! I want to hear from you more than anything, so please read and review! Chapter 1: Here's the deal. Sapphire read the letter in silence. It had been a month since she had moved and connected their houses. Max and Charlie looked at her horrified expression with concern. The piece of paper slipped from her grasp but Max caught it \"Sapphire, there's no way anyone could beat Metro that many times without cheating. I'm coming to get you. I don't take to cheaters very lightly. I've organised a tournament especially for you. Get to the top, beat Metro again, and I'll let you go. Don't and your robots are scrap metal. –King Pin.\" As Max tried to take in what he had just read aloud, Charlie put a hand on the girl's shoulder, \"Hey, you can take him easy. Just practice a bit more with your bots and I know you can do it. When do you start?\" Max replied for her, \"It says the first match is next week against 'Fatboy'.\" Sapphire seemed to snap out of a thinking trance, \"I'll send Silver and Teal. Can you guys train them for a while? I've gotta work on an upgrade for Silver.\" Charlie and Max looked at each other and gave her the thumbs up. She grinned and ran out of the room. Soon, Silver and Teal came to him and followed him upstairs. \"Listen up robots, we've got work to do\", he said to all the robots in the room; namely Atom, Noisy Boy, Midas, Zeus, Black Jack and Twin Cities. After explaining the whole situation, he pitted a random spar of Silver Flare vs. Twin Cities, just to see her abilities. \"Don't aim for a rip off. Just get him down\", Charlie instructed as the two robots stepped into the chamber they kept for sparring. Silver was quick and light on her fight. \"Using weight to your advantage. Good\", Charlie observed. Twin Cities could still deal a few blows, but really could not predict when she would strike. Then the two-headed robot seemed to notice something. He elbowed her stomach plating and she fell backwards. She managed to get up, but her gaze was focused downwards, \"There's your mistake. I'll also have to check your plating.\" Twin Cities noticed her mistake and used it as an opportunity to hit below her jaw, she was knocked backward and her glowing eyes flickered. She stood up and shook her head before walking up to shake hands with Twin Cities. The heads looked at each other, clearly alarmed, but shook anyway. They stepped out of the chamber and Charlie nodded in Silver's direction. \"Come on, we need to talk.\" Silver Flare was taken aback, but followed anyway. \"Midas, take a round with Teal. I trust you'll be able to find her mistakes.\" Midas nodded, \"Yeah, who do you think I am?\" Silver followed him into another room. He told her to take stance, \"Look up. Look at your opponent. Never do anything else. No over-confidence, though I don't think that's a problem. Don't think about injury, pretend it isn't there. You can't feel it anyway; it just stops your movement. You're fighting technique is pretty good, but try to surprise your opponent. Remember, King Pin will be watching every match. He's sure to tell his friends and their robots. Knowing King Pin, as Max told me, you probably won't even be fighting Metro. He might get a new robot.\" Silver nodded and practiced throwing punches for a while, then went on to kicks and where they were most effective, \"If you want them down, or crouching, go for the shin or lower leg. Chest plating will make them stumble back and if you can get to the head, it might knock him out.\" She was practicing dodging and weaving when someone hammered the door. \"Silver miss? Your sister's done fighting and well, getting impatient.\" Silver shook her head and opened the door, \"Black Jack, I told you not to call me that. Silver will do.\" She stepped out of the room, followed by a bewildered Charlie, \"Midas, what's the deal?\" Noisy boy responded, \"Midas's gone downstairs. Left with Atom, Zeus, and the Twins ten minutes ago.\" Charlie shook his head. \"Teal, let's go get 'em.\" Charlie left with Cyan to get the missing robots. Silver just stood awkwardly staring at the floor until Noisy spoke, \"So, heard you could get destroyed in this new tournament thing. No prize for winning though.\" She looked at her metal palm, \"Yeah, that's possible. Hey Noisy, weren't you destroyed when Charlie made you fight Midas?\" Midas walked in just then, \"Yea, I wanna hear this. The others are on their way.\" Noisy just angled his head downwards, \"Well, yeah, I was destroyed. He ripped my head off. And my arm not to mention-\" \"Sorry again, Noisy. Not my fault.\" \"-yeah, that. But it was only because Kenton didn't know how to use me. He just threw me in the minute he got me, no training, not even figuring out how to use me. Right, we're robots. Disposables. If I lose, get rid of me, buy another! That's the whole thing isn't it? Just because we aren't human we're supposed not to be able to feel anything! Does anyone ever think about me? Or just how I do in the league?\" Noisy boy's tone was growing louder with every word and when he finished, he just shut his eyes and looked away. He was surprised to feel cold metal on his shoulder blades and then around his neck. He instantly stepped back and his eyes shot open. What was this? He had no idea what to do and his hands were partially raised expecting an attack. They awkwardly wrapped around Silver's waist plating. Then he relaxed. \"We think about you. You're not alone here, I feel the same way. Max rebuilt you though, because he knew you were a great robot even when Charlie didn't. Charlie's changed though. And I know you will too\", Silver let go of him and began to walk away as she heard Sapphire shouting for her, something about an upgrade being ready. She walked away with one arm awkwardly gripping her other elbow. Midas looked at him and chuckled at his confused expression, \"I'll ask Atom what that's called. Incase you shorted your voice box.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 2: Fight, red light. \"Max, I don't want to risk anything until I stabilise this. I think Teal should take the fights until Silver's ability doesn't override my controls. Midas judged her didn't he?\" \"Yeah, Midas said she was okay, but he says that to everyone.\" \"I'm also thinking of renaming them. They haven't been in many fights yet so I think I should.\" \"Any ideas?\" \"I'm thinking about it….I'll get them done along with some logos. Teal I think I'm going to change to Cobalt or Cerulean…. Silver Flare, I don't even remember why I named her that. Maybe I'll change it to Azure….or Indigo maybe because the majority of her colour is black and purple anyway…..just her light cables are Silver…..hmm…..\" Sapphire and Max began designing logo's for the upcoming fight, as the two female robots exited the room. \"Hey you two!\" \"Did you hear about the name change?\" \"Your owner was talking about it to Bailey yesterday\" \"You cool with it?\" The Twins spoke in alternating speech and Silver chuckled. \"Yeah, it's cool. Hey Atom, can I talk to you for a second?\" Atom followed her into a different part of the robot lounge and was completely unprepared when she asked him whether Noisy Boy was okay. Atom always tried to cheer people up when they were upset, but he never knew it if Noisy Boy was. \"He changed after that fight with Midas. It took more out of him than he will admit, and not because of the fight itself. If it was a fair fight, Noisy would've won hands down. Albino would bet on that.\" They decided they would talk about it later. A few new techniques and methods were drilled into Teal as Sapphire and Max worked on the logos. Soon the new names were decided, designed and painted on and 'Cobalt' was walking into the stadium with Sapphire and her sister robot against fat boy. The fight was going to begin and her sister robot wished her luck and stepped out. Cobalt handed control of her body to Sapphire and Fat Boy did too. He made the first move with a hard punch aiming for her chest cavity. She swerved a bit and the momentum carried him forward far enough that she grabbed his upper arm and used it as leverage to slam her fist hard into his stomach plating. His eyes flashed and flickered, but he wasn't that weak. It was never that easy. Fat Boy used his additional weight to slam into Cobalt and she stumbled backwards. Balancing, she swung hard at his jaw and he was knocked a bit sideways. He didn't take long to retaliate with a hard punch to her neck and a slam downwards. He pinned her against the edge wall with a fist and slammed his other one into her left shoulder. She heard several hard punches make contact with her stomach plating. Her eyes flickered but she felt her right arm swing and the side of her fist hit the side of his head throwing him off balance. He stumbled and she heard Max's cheers as Sapphire went for the end. She threw a hard fist at his chest and an uppercut at his jaw. The bolts loosened and she slammed both fists into the sides of his head. A loud clang resonated in the ring and she threw him way off balance. One more hard uppercut at the base of his jaw and it was all over. Sure her shoulders were broken and the wires were hissing, her neck plating was half broken and her stomach plating was completely destroyed too, but she had one. \"That was pretty close. She took some serious damage Saph\", Cobalt heard Max say to Sapphire as she spun Cobalt around it a circle and a flourish as the audience went wild and bets were both lost and won. \"I'll fix it. Besides, this gave me the perfect idea for her\", Sapphire replied to Max. The robots came over to her to congratulate her as they exited the arena with the beaming owners. Later that day, they were testing out her sister robot's new ability to see if it was stable and that she could use it. First, they isolated her in a glass chamber. Sapphire fired up the new thrusters engines at the bottom of her robot's feet. She rose slowly but suddenly she swerved and fell sideways with a slight giggle. \"Maybe she just needs a little support. Can one of you go in there for me and help her?\" Midas looked pointedly at Noisy boy who avoided his gaze. Zeus volunteered and they let him in. Sapphire turned off the jets so her robot could stand. \"Now listen, put your hands on my shoulders and try to balance slowly. Do it right\", Zeus told her evenly. She nodded and when the jets were turned back on, she held on to his shoulders with her eyes shut and tried to balance herself. It took a while but soon she had done it. Outside she heard a laugh and an angry zap but she paid no heed. Her ability was finally stable! She opened her eyes as the jets were slowly turned off and she was back on the ground. Her eyes flashed in thanks at the black robot and he replied, \"Anytime.\" She went outside to find Noisy Boy's eyes flashing red, Midas snickering and Atom doing a facepalm. She had absolutely no idea what was going on. Author's Note: Hey guys, it's been a while, but I was stuck with exams.…..so here's the update XD I really hope I get reviews, because I won't write till I get at least three, sorry, I need to know if anyone reads this. Did you get why the title has red lights? Also, I'm having a poll here, should Silver's new name be Azure or Indigo? Hope you loved this chapter! Read and review! To lexsade : I tried…I'll try harder in later chapters, hope you liked this one! To scarletaura : No matter how long I take to update, I won't abandon this. Thanks for nice comments to O.O and SanFire ","Summary":" Hey guys! I don't know why, but suddenly I felt like putting something up for Real Steel. The idea "},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Broken, Healed, and Shattered","Author":"purpleroyal52","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7946596","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm back with the sequel! This will be way more dramatic than Metal Hearts just to warn y'all. And I played with Narnian Fairy's title suggestion a bit and got this. So if you think you're ready for more Avalon ,Max, Amanda, Charlie, and of course, Atom, let's get this thing rolling! I am rocking out to Rascal Flatts as I'm typing this! Broken, Healed, and Shattered Chapter One \"Avalon, what are you doing here? You should be at the fight.\" Max asked still staring at me in disbelief. \"Now this is just sad, I have been gone for almost a month, and you don't even say hi when try to come here and surprise you.\" I teased playfully. \"Alright, I have to admit I'm glad you're here. But seriously, what are you doing here?\" At least, I got Max smiling. \"Well, I thought about everything that had gone down in the past few weeks, and I realized that I couldn't live life like this. Life without my best friend.\" I told him. \"What about your mom?\" He asked, yet another question. Geesh. \"I think we could answer that one.\" Amanda said, coming out of the shadows along with Charlie. \"We talked for a while and worked out a deal. Avalon stays with Amanda during the school year then for the summer she's all ours.\" Charlie explained. Couldn't have said it better myself. \"Cool.\" Max simply replied. Is he for real? \"Well kid, is there something you wanted to tell Avalon?\" Charlie asks him, hinting something. Ugh, the male population is a complete mystery. \"Shut up.\" Max said through gritted teeth, turning to face his dad. Oh, I get where this is going. I think I'm going to help him out with this one *insert mischievous grin* So I quickly turned Max around and kissed him. Yep, that's right. I kissed my best friend. And he kissed back. Both of our guardians laughed. Me and Max were now smiling at each other, are hands laced together. \"Oh you guys can go now.\" Max said, matter of factly. \"Oh I see how it is. Well, let's let the love birds have fun.\" Charlie chuckled, walking away with my mom. It was a long day, but hey, I got a boyfriend didn't I. Wow, this was the fluffiest chapter in the Metal Hearts saga so far. Well, I gotta go so please review! I know it's a sucky beginning but give it time! Bye y'allz! Much love! Review! ~ Alexandria[Chapter 2] Broken, Healed, and Shattered Chapter Two I'm back! Sorry for the ridiculously long wait I've been crazy busy with school, band, and other stuff. This chapter is going to be crazy mysterious thanks to an inspirational idea by someone I have mentioned before (you know who you are). This chapter is in the point of view of someone we have not mentioned in this saga before. *Smoke and fog engulf me, the fog and smoke clear and I disappear* Unknown's POV I looked in disgust at the laughing couple on the other side of the park. The brunette squealed, running away from her boyfriend who had her in hot pursuit. As the couple run past me, laughing like annoying idiots, the guy caught my eye. He was kinda cute. This should make my job even sweeter. We have the guy my father was looking for, we just don't need the girl. How do I tear apart best friends who are inseparable? I make the guy fall for me. Easy enough. Sighing in happiness, I got up off of the bench and began to walk back to my house. As I stepped into the house, I was greeted with my dog Rocco and the sound of clanging metal. Well I guess Dad's home. \"Kara? Is that you?\" My father yelled from his workspace. \"Yeah Dad!\" I yelled as I began took walk to his robot building \"lair\" I looked at the walls that led to the workroom. The walls were plastered with all of the articles about my dad. They said things like: \"Tak Mashido Does It Again!\" and \"Zeus, Mashido, Lenkova: Dynamic Team\" The most recent one was way more beaten and worn looking. It read: \"Atom and the Kenton Team Defeat Mashido Once And For All\" A sudden rage filled me and I knew that there was no turning back. The Kentons will go down. Starting with Avalon Kendall. Oooh! Snap! Things are about to go DOWN! Review and tell me who you're rooting for in this fight. Well I gotta go watch Real Steel so peace out Girl Scouts! Much love![Chapter 3] Broken, Healed, and Shattered Chapter Three Yeah yeah I know.. It's been forever.. I have been crazy busy with school, marching band, keeping up my grades and all of that lovely normal school dramatics. I just wanted to let you guys know that I haven't abandoned you or anything it's just been rough lately so I apologize for somewhat failing in my duty as a faithful writer to you guys. I just feel awful about that so I decided to get myself back in the game (much like our pal Charlie Kenton). I am currently watching Real Steel and I got some inspiration so I figured \"Hey I finished my homework and I'm drinking my tea.. How about an update?\" So without further ado I give you the next installment of B,H,and S.. -Little Miss Purple Avalon laughed with her boyfriend as we entered Amanda's house. She supposed it was her house as well now, since she lived with her mother now. Charlie and Max were in town for a few days to hang out before Max had to go back to his Aunt Debra's for the school year. Then it would just be video calls and seeing each other on break until the summer. \"Hey guys we're back!\" She announced as they headed upstairs. The truth was Avalon secretly hoped that Amanda had forgotten about her daughter's commitment to her training for at least an hour every day. It's not that she didn't want to train it was just that she felt like she a needed a free day. Once they got upstairs, the two of them headed over to her room, figuring that Charlie and Amanda were in the workshop or office. \"I can't believe this the last time I get to see you for the next 9 months. \" Max remarked as the two of them laid on Avalon's bed, staring up at the ceiling and listening to the music that played through the speakers she had set up around her room, to have that pseudo- surround sound feel. The young girl sighed, closing her eyes listening to the sound of Max's heartbeat as her head rested on his chest. \"Yeah I mean we'll video chat every week but it still won't be the same as being with you in person. I'll miss you like crazy.\" The brunette told him, looking up into the endless pool of blue in her boyfriend's eyes. She didn't want this summer to end. Especially since she would be going to a new school, where most kids spent their summers at the pool or at amusement parks. So when she was asked about what she had did all summer, telling the class that she spent her summers sleeping on a shelf and robot boxing with two guys didn't seem like the best way to make new friends. The two were interrupted by a familiar dark-haired ex-MMA fighter peeping their head into the room. \"Hey Av, ready for some training?\" Amanda asked her daughter. Sighing, Avalon nodded, realizing that she couldn't talk her way out of this one and began getting ready to do some sparring. That Monday.. Avalon checked her schedule as she walked into her first period for the day, History. One of her least favorite subjects. She took a seat towards the back, hoping to blend in. She really didn't want her teacher to be one of those teachers that insist that the new kid stood up in the front of the class to talk about themselves. Avalon looked up from the book she was reading, hearing someone sit down into the seat next to her. She looked up to at least who had been brave enough to sit down next to her. It was a kind of tall Asian girl with long dark hair that was unbelievably straight. The girl gave Avalon a sickly sweet smile as she stuck out her hand to shake. \"My name's Kara. Kara Mashido.\" One thought crossed through Avalon's mind at that moment: Oh crap… Ahh.. It feels good to leave it at a cliffhanger! But I didn't even intend for Avalon to meet Kara in this chapter… I just kept writing and I came up with more and more ideas and I thought about how I was going to get Max involved with the whole Avalon vs. Kara thing so I think I got it down now. My goal is to get some of you guys to end up liking Kara when all of the drama starts to get more intense between Max being torn between a girl he thinks he's in love with and this girl that seems to make Avalon seem like a horrible girlfriend that neglects him and doesn't value their relationship. So that's just the direction I'm hoping to take this story. Oh and as always leave your comments and thoughts about the story in a review.. It helps me make better updates for all of you! Until next time my readers! ","Summary":" I'm back with the sequel! This will be way more dramatic than Metal Hearts just to warn y'all. And "},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Atom's Upgrade","Author":"LandoftheFuture","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7827618","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I saw Real Steel in theaters during christmas of 2011 and I have to sum it up with a few words: It totally blew me away! Everything about it is amazing and it's in no doubt a masterpiece. The acting is great, the action is great, the music from Danny Elfman is great, and even the CGI on the robots are great. I also liked the emotional bond with Charlie and Max Kenton and there are a couple of emotional moments. So, upon getting the DVD copy of the movie from my birthday last week, I watched it today and something hit me. Doing a fanfic in the Real Steel section might be a good idea for me. So, with all due respect, this is my first attempt on a Real Steel fanfic. It takes place a year after the end of the first Real Steel (it's amazing that they're developing a sequel in the works if Hugh Jackman can get off the crowded schedule according to the Wikipedia article) where Charlie and Max along with their robot friend Atom fight a new robot in the same box fighting match where Charlie used Ambush to fight against a bull. Believe me, folks. Once you read it, you will be left speechless. Don't forget to review and tell me what do you think about it. It's kind of a chaptered fanfic with only two chapters in additional. Disclaimer: I do not own the characters and Touchstone Pictures (c) Atom's Upgrade Chapter 1: Another Summer Begins We cut to the boxing gym run by Bailey, Charlie's friend, and we see Bailey training with Atom for nearly four minutes, teaching him a few new moves including \"Two Line Kick Bucket\" and \"Four Extra Jacket Cross\". \"That's it\", said Bailey, \"You're doing good, Atom. OK. Let's go once more, alright?\" They go with the same new moves once more and Atom has succeeded in doing them like she told him to. \"Well done\", said Bailey and Charlie shows up to see how things are going. \"How's the training?\", asked Charlie. \"We're doing so good this far\", said Bailey, \"I've just teached Atom a few new moves.\" \"Cool\", said Charlie, \"What kind of moves?\" \"The Two Line Kick Buckey and the Four Extra Jacket Cross\", explained Bailey. \"Amazing\", said Charlie, \"When me and Max face another robot, we'll use those kind of moves to beat it in no sweat. Which reminds me. This is the beginning of another summer and I've gotta pick him up.\" \"For something really important, I believe?\", asked Bailey. \"Even better\", said Charlie, \"He told me that he's gonna write an paragraph about this summer. Consider himself lucky cause' when we go to texas, he's gonna have a good time of his life this far.\" \"So, when are you picking him up?\", asked Bailey. Charlie thinks of something and finally figures it out. We cut to Max in his class, waiting for the bell to ring while his teacher named Mr. Darien watches him in suspicion. Then, in about two minutes later, the bell rang and several students in Mr. Darien's class head out of teh classroom and out of the school, ready to have a great summer, but only Max is held back by Mr. Darien. \"Max, may I speak with you? Just for three minutes or so?\", asked Mr. Darien. \"Sure\", said Max and he sat down on his chair, \"What is it?\" \"I need you to tell what you did last summer\", said Mr. Darien, \"Was there something special that happend to you?\" \"Well, there are a lot of things, Mr. D\", said Max. \"And what are they?\", asked Mr. Darien. \"Box fighting\", said Max, \"I had such a great time. I went with my dad to several places where we used our robot to fight other robots and we won lots and lots of battles together.\" \"What kind of robot did you and your father use?\", asked Mr. Darien. \"Atom\", said Max, \"and once I found him, we taught him lots of moves with the uppercut attack as the best. Then, during our battle with Zeus, the champion at the World Robot Boxing League, Dad learned to use feeling and control the movements of Atom which was the reason we won the championship in the first place.\" \"That's... very unusual, Max\", said Mr. Darien, \"I'm sure you're going to work on your paragraph for this summer, will you?\" \"I will, I promise\", said Max. \"That's more like it\", said Mr. Darien, \"Now run along. I hope your father's waiting for you for something really special for the summer.\" \"I bet he is\", said Max and gets off his chair, \"See ya, Mr. D.\" \"See you after summer, Max\", said Mr. Darien and Max walks very fast out of the classroom and out of the school while getting past a few kids and sees a truck run by Charlie. \"Dad\", said Max and ran towards the car. \"Hey, sport\", said Charlie, \"How's it going?\" \"Great\", said Max, \"Going somewhere?\" \"We leave in the morning for Texas\", said Charlie, \"We've gotta train Atom right after dinner. What do ya say?\" \"That'll be great\", said Max. Later, we cut to Max running a few miles with Atom away from the boxing gym while Charlie and Bailey are working on something for Atom. Later, it reveals to be a white and silver steel chest plate for Atom. \"This piece of equipment will help Atom gain the advantage to fight back against the other robots\", explained Bailey, \"with about 250 horse power and a maximum strength of 1000. It weighs about 260 kilometers long and I think It'll suit Atom really well.\" \"Can it really work against other upgrades the new robots we might face?\", asked Charlie. \"It might\", said Bailey. Later, while eating some subs from Subway, the three hear Atom dancing to the music with the song \" Crank That Soulja Boy \" on a CD player and Max chuckles heartily. \"Looks like Max is really getting into the beat, huh?\", said Max. \"Not too much if you ask me\", said Charlie. Later, we see Max sleeping while Atom watches over the truck, ready to go with the two to Texas tomorrow. \" I wonder what'll be like in Texas \", thought Atom to himself. That will not matter since he was the one who won the championship at the World Robot Boxing League and with that, new robots are the only thing that Atom would have to face. The next morning, we see Max and Charlie putting Atom in the back of their truck before they departed in the morning about two hours ago. Six days later, they stopped for gas and ate some lunch together while Atom is watching them from the window of the car. Three days later, they had finally reached the outer city of Texas where we see going to some of the grocery stores here. \"Awesome\", said Max, \"I want to see some horses since we're here. Can I, please dad?\" \"First, we've gotta find someone who has a fighting robot just like him\", said Charlie, \"We're gonna ask him for a fighting match, win that match, and then... you can see some horses. How's that, buddy?\" \"Sounds fair to me\", said Max and after they parked near the gateway to the city, they went to another place a little far away from the grocery stores. It happens to be a place known as Carl's Boxing School. They went inside to see Carl himself training the other students how to use their own focus and balance while boxing your opponents. \"That's it, boys\", said Carl, \"Keep em' going! Remember, you walk away and you're gonna be sizzled like bacon in the early morning. Now, let's go! Go! Go! Go!\" \"Excuse me, um... Carl\", said Charlie. \"Dad, what are you doing?\", asked Max. \"Wait here\", said Charlie, \"I know what I'm doing. So, you must be the one who runs this place, right?\" \"That's right\", said Carl, \"and you must be the one who's fighting robot won the Championship, right? \"I'm Charlie\", introduced Charlie, \"and this is my son over there, Max.\" \"What are you two here for?\", asked Carl mockingly, \"Milking the cows? Ha ha ha ha ha ha!\" \"Yeah, I get that joke\", said Charlie, \"We're here to see if you have a fighting robot here in Texas.\" \"Training session's over, students\", said Carl, \"Dismissed! You two come with me to my secret room. You might be surprised.\" Carl then leads Charlie and Max to his secret room where he put some mechanical objects to his new robot that he will be presenting to them. \"Say hello to Mr. Twistzone himself!\", said Carl and opens the vault to reveal his robot that resembles a wolf's face and tail only made of solid copper, \"His moves are so unbeatable. Only six of them, to be exact and they help boost the energy levels so that this baby can always win in every single round against every single scrappy robot. It's maximum strength is over 68% and it's defense power is over 75%. I'm telling ya, this robot has been so precious to me for about six years and no one can beat it. What do you think?\" \"It doens't look that bad\", said Charlie, \"Needs a little more... complexity, if that's your case, here.\" \"Where's yours?\", asked Carl mockingly again, \"Sucking up his robotic thumb like little mechanic baby? Ha ha ha ha ha ha!\" \"I get that second joke\", said Charlie, \"He just had an upgrade from our friend a few days ago.\" \"What for?\", asked Carl, \"To make you feel embarrased?\" \"To beat the crap out of your robot\", said Max, \"We challenge you to a boxing match tomorrow.\" \"What's the prize money, kid?\", asked Carl. \"$350 dollars\", answered Max in a proud tone, \"If we win, we own it. If you win, we'll leave this town in peace. How's that?\" Carl took a moment to think this over and then nods his head in agreement. \"You're very good at making some great deals, kid\", said Carl, \"Now hear this: When my robot beats the living **it out of...\" \"Atom\", said Charlie, \"We named the robot Atom.\" \"Alright, then\", said Carl, \"If my robot beats your *Atom*... you and your little brat here will suffer and fry like a fried egg and bacon sandwhich in the late morning. Deal?\" \"Deal\", said Max and he and Carl shook hands with each other. Later, we cut to Charlie and Max taking out Atom from the back of the truck, letting the robot out in the process. \"Rise and shine, Atom\", said Charlie, \"We've got some training to do.\" What will happen next? Will they win the tournament after they finished Atom's training? And will Atom will the new boxing match? Stay tuned![Chapter 2] Atom's Upgrade Chapter 2: The Training We see Charlie outside of a barn in Texas teaching Atom three new moves that he would use for the tournament tomorrow while Max watches. \"Now, the first move we're gonna do today is called the \"Duck & Luck\" trick\", explained Charlie, \"When an enemy tries to outwit you or distract you, just get down quickly and with that opponent wide-eye opened, you'll wipe him out with only three kicks. It's really simple. Now, I'll show you how, alright?\" Charlie then ducks quickly before he pretends to sneak up behind to a pretending opponent and pretends to defeat that opponent. \"You try\", said Charlie and Atom did the same thing that he had done a moment ago, but fails and trips on a ground, \"Don't worry, Atom. You'll do it just fine. Now, try it again.\" Atom nods his head \"yes\" and for his second time, he tries the Duck and Luck trick again and succeeds in doing so. \"Good\", said Charlie, \"Now, for the second move. This one's a little bit harder this time around. It's called... a parachute kick. When I get you to jump into mid-air, you will use your kick against your opponent. Wanna try that?\" Atom shook his head in agreement and when Charlie jumped into mid-air very quickly, Atom did exactly the same thing and lands in the ground safely. \"Good\", said Charlie, \"One more move and we're completely done for the day before tomorrow. Now, let me see. Um...\" \"I've got a good one\", said Max and shows Atom and Charlie a new move where he spins his knuckles around and around until finally, he stops and gets a bit tired. \"What was that, son?\", asked Charlie. \"That was a knuckle-drill punch\", said Max, \"You use it to make your enemy really dizzy and you'll have a chance to knock that opponent out.\" \"Extremely impressive\", said Charlie, \"Now, let's keep on training with those moves.\" \"Can I start up some music while we're doing that?\", said Max, \"That'll be really cool.\" \"What song do you want to play?\", asked Charlie. \"Trust me\", said Max and puts a floppy disk on a mechanical floppy disk machine and it plays the song \" You're The Best \" from Joe Esposito. Then, as the training continues, Max starts to sing the song along while Atom dances as the robot continues his training. Max: You're the best! Around! Nothing's gonna ever keep you down You're the Best! Around! Nothing's gonna ever keep you down You're the Best! Around! Nothing's gonna ever keep you dow-ow-ow-ow-own As Charlie watches, he checks his watch and goes to his son. \"Listen, son\", said Charlie, \"I've gotta go to a store to buy something for us to eat for dinner. I'll be back in a few minutes, alright?\" \"Sure, dad\", said Max and a few hours later, after Charlie came back with a package of hot dogs and a package of smores for tonight, they ate together while Atom watches and looks at the sky for a while. \"It's been a long time since...\", said Max. \"Yeah, the championship\", said Charlie. \"Dad, are you sure you're really gonna do this?\", asked Max. \"Yes, son\", said Charlie, \"No matter what happens, I will do what it takes to let Atom win this fight. He did it against Midas and he could do it again at the new robot. Do you believe in me about that, son?\" \"Yes, dad\", said Max, \"I sure do.\" Then, he and Charlie hugged each other and later, after Charlie goes to sleep, we see Atom watching Max fall asleep too and thought to himself, \" I need to do something that any human has ever done before .\" He gets out of the van and starts to run as quickly as he can for nearly two hours. Later, he too shuts down after he told Charlie, \" Don't worry. I've never given up when I defeated Midas and I will always never lose to a fight .\" As the robot goes to sleep, we see Charlie opening his left-eye to see him sleeping, then shuts it, hoping for the big day against the new robot to be his best one yet since the championship. Sorry I took so long to make another chapter to this story. I was too busy with my other fanfics at the time and during the summer times with my family. I'll try and update before the end of October (halloween) so until then, happy reading and happy viewing![Chapter 3] Atom's Upgrade Chapter 3: The Texas Tournament The next day, in the tournament in Texas, the announcer announces the first round of the tournament when he spoke. \"Ladies and gentlemen\", said the announcer, \"Welcome to the Texas Robot Tournament where Carl, the box fighting owner, along with his robot friend, Mr. Twistzone, are going to fight against two newcomers. One of them is named Charlie, who used his previous robot, Ambush and the other is his son. As we see the two preparing to face off in what looks like a three round tournament, the audience is waiting to expect a lot of thrills.\" Charlie and Max looked at Carl and his robot before they spoke to one another. \"Dad, I'm a bit nervous\", said Max. \"What do you mean, you're nervous?\", asked Charlie, \"You made that deal, right? So, no matter what happens, do not be nervous again. Alright?\" \"Yes, dad\", said Max, \"I will.\" \"Good\", said Charlie. \"And now, folks, the first round is about to begin\", said the announcer, \"and looks like the two robots are about to fight against each other.\" \"Let the tournament begin!\", shouted the male whistler and he whistles to let the first round of the tournament begin. Mr. Twistzone walked towards Atom, but before he would hit him with his left arm, he dodges it and with Charlie controlling him, he kicks him in the rear with his left leg. Mr. Twistzone, however, resisted that attack and Carl shouted something to him. \"Twistzone, Frying Steel Kick, now!\", shouted Carl and Mr. Twistzone kicked Atom really hard with the mighty steel on his right leg. Atom resisted that attack, however, but received a little scratch in his left leg. \"It's ok, Atom\", said Charlie, \"Concentrate.\" Charlie then uses the Uppercut attack on Mr. Twistzone, knocking him towards the picket fence, causing the audience to cheer happily. \"Atom uses the Uppercut attack on Mr. Twistzone\", said the announcer, \"and looks like that robot's got some really solid moves on him.\" \"Teach him a lesson, Mr. Twistzone\", said Carl, \"Eagle Soaring Punch, now!\" Mr. Twistzone charges towards Atom and flies before he punches him in the face, sending him flying towards the picket fence where a bunch of horses are neighing very loudly, much to his embarrassment. \"Don't worry, Atom\", said Charlie, \"Just follow me.\" Atom followed Charlie and when he uses the Uppercut Attack again, it didn't have any effect on him. Mr. Twistzone used the Eagle Soaring Punch attack again and knocks Atom out. \"And Mr. Twistzone used the same punch twice on Atom\", said the announcer, \"Looks like this robot's having a bit of a difficult time, I believe.\" \"Dad, you can't use the same attack again\", said Max, \"He still has the upgrade, so you can make some new moves for him.\" \"You're right\", said Charlie and tries to come up with something that would make him overpower Mr. Twistzone. Then, he finally has an idea for a new move for Atom and spoke, \"Atom, Drill Punch Attack!\" Charlie used Atom to charge towards Mr. Twistzone and uses the Drill Punch attack, knocking him in the face and tearing it by half. \"Atom used a new punch attack on Mr. Twistzone and looks like it's a lot more powerful than the Eagle Soaring Punch Attack he had on him\", said the announcer, \"This battle's getting more intense than I thought.\" Atom jumps into the air and kicks him, but Mr. Twistzone grabs him by the left arm and throws him towards the audience, but they are not harmed. \"And Mr. Twistzone threw him toward the audience, but thank goodness they are not completely harmed\", said the announcer, \"Looks like he's getting a bit of revenge for that punch he received.\" \"We both used two of our moves\", said Charlie, \"I have to come up with something else that can wipe him out.\" \"I've got an idea\", said Max, \"Make a Karate move. Maybe that'll work.\" \"Well, let's hope it would work\", said Charlie and when he gets Atom up, he uses a new move that has a reference to a Japanese Karate Fighter. It turned out it had an effect on Mr. Twistzone by kicking him in the chest and sending him flying backwards towards the picket fence again. Mr. Twistzone couldn't get up, which resulting in Atom winning the first round of the tournament. \"Atom wins the first round of the tournament with a terrific karate move\", said the announcer, \"The robots are going to take a break for about a moment and then we'll start the second round of the tournament.\" \"You did great, Atom\", said Max, \"We need to repair his left leg before the second round starts.\" \"Great idea, son\", said Charlie and uses a wrench and one nut to repair his left leg for nearly twenty seconds, thus healing it in order to last for the last two rounds, \"We got lucky this time. Now let's see what kind of other Mr. Twistzone has.\" Then, the second round of the tournament starts as Mr. Twistzone is fixed for a moment by Carl, who uses a machine that can repair him a bit quickly. \"Time to show this Atom who's boss, Twistzone\", said Carl with pride and as Mr. Twistzone walked towards Atom, they stared at each other for a moment. \" I've got four moves and he only used three \", thought Carl to himself, \" There must be something that can hold him down for a while .\" Carl got an idea and shouted, \"Twistzone, Frying Eggs and Bacon Death Attack, now!\" Twistzone charged towards and even if Atom used the same move he did to finish the first round, he pummeled him and ate his chest, causing Charlie to groan with pain and regret. \"That'll teach you\", said Carl, \"Now, throw him!\" Mr. Twistzone throws Atom towards the picket fence. Before Atom can use the Uppercut Attack, he was too late and Mr. Twistzone charges towards him again and punches him in the stomach, tearing it to pieces in the process. \"Atom!\", shouted Max. \"No!\", shouted Charlie and when Mr. Twistzone throws Atom, towards him, he said to himself, \"It can't be. It's impossible.\" \"Great work, Twistzone\", said Carl. \"Are you alright, Atom?\", asked Charlie. \"Unbelievable!\", exclaimed the announcer, \"Mr. Twistzone used a new move that wiped Atom out in a matter of seconds. Looks like Carl's getting a bit lucky and with that, his robot wins the second round. The third and final round will begin momentarily. For now, let us take a halftime for the audience to receive their snacks.\" As Atom rests on his torn stomach, Charlie spoke to him. \"Atom, I'm sorry\", said Charlie, \"I can't believe I had to drag you all the way to Texas so I can prepare to get creamed like I did with Ambush last time. If only there must be a way to repair you before the final round starts.\" \"Dad, do not beat yourself up\", said Max, \"You did your best with those moves, but this isn't the time to give up now. You have to fix him fast.\" \"I don't know how...\", said Charlie and came up with an idea before he took his wrench again and uses a few Nuts and Bolts for his upgrade suit. Nearly three minutes later, the upgrade made Atom organized. He thought to himself, \" Let's hope this works .\" \"Alright, Atom\", said Charlie, \"Remember... focus.\" Atom looked at Charlie straight in the eye and when the bell announces for the third and final round to begin, the announcer looks at Atom's upgrade. \"The final round is about to begin\", said the announcer, \"and looks like Atom is all fixed by Charlie. But, can he withstand the same move Mr. Twistzone did in the second round? That question will be answered very soon, people!\" Atom and Mr. Twistzone stared at each other for nearly a moment before Charlie moves him. Atom makes one punch, but Mr. Twistzone dodges it and kicks him in the chest. Atom, however, resisted and when Mr. Twistzone attacks again, Atom blocks it and pushes him towards the picket fence. As Charlie continues to control him, the two robots continue their punches. Later, when Mr. Twistzone uses the same attack he did to Atom in the second round, Atom resisted the attack this time after a few scratches, allowing Charlie to shout, \"NOW!\" \"What's this?\", asked the announcer and he sees Atom activating his upgrade suit to reveal a new body that is a lot stronger than he imagined with a Japanese tattoo included, \"Unbelievable, folks. Atom has transformed himself into a Japanese karate fighter robot.\" \"That's impossible\", said Carl, \"No robot can do that! That's not in the rule book!\" Atom then charges towards Mr. Twistzone before he uses karate moves that are similar to karate films. He punched him in the robotic chest, face, and his robotic butt offscreen. Then, Atom makes his final battle move by using a spinning punch technique, thus tearing Mr. Twistzone piece by piece. \"NO!\", shouted Carl, \"NO!\" Atom then throws the now torn apart Mr. Twistzone towards Carl. \"And the final round goes to Atom with his upgrade suit\", said the announcer, \"The winner of this three round tournament goes to Charlie and his son, Max.\" Charlie and Max cheered in applause as did the audience. \"Bailey's gonna hear this when we get back\", said Max and we cut to the two along with Atom driving away from Texas while Carl watches in complete confusion. \" Why are so many people praising him like he's some sort of legend ?\", asked Carl in confusion. Later, in Bailey's house, we see Charlie and Max introducing Bailey to the new upgraded Atom, now a karate fighter robot. She gasped in shock and smiles in amusement. \"How did that happen?\", asked Bailey. \"His upgrade suit must've done it\", said Charlie, \"When I fixed him, it did the magic and voila, we've won the tournament. If it weren't for him, we would've been toast.\" \"No, dad\", said Max, \"It was because of you. If you hadn't fixed him, people would've hated us and called us, \"losers\".\" \"I'll say\", said Charlie, \"Thanks for the reminder, son.\" \"You're welcome\", said Max, \"and thanks to you too, Atom.\" Atom makes a smile as the three clapped in applause before we fade to black. The End ","Summary":" I saw Real Steel in theaters during christmas of 2011 and I have to sum it up with a few words: It "},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"The Creator of a Champ","Author":"Madsluads","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8709191","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: First Real Steel fanfic. The OC has a special power that I created in one of my other stories. Hope you enjoy! Atom had taken a serious hit. The Crash Palace allowed Charlie back with open arms and put Atom against whoever dared try. He had not lost yet, even though this was only his second fight. He was fighting someone who had done their homework. They had just dealt the same deafening blow to Atom who was taking serious punches. His systems were shutting down, his shadow mode had produced a glitch, and the girl could barely stand it. The girl had black hair, a rarity in this time. You would find people with dark brown hair or hair dyed black, but never natural black hair. Even the losing fame Farra Lemkova had really dark brown hair. Her hair was back in a braid reaching between her shoulder blades. Her grease stained white shirt was covered by a grease stained mechanics shirt. The fabric that stated the name was missing. She was wearing pants covered in paint, dirt, and (again) grease. She wore hiking boots and a simple black watch. She pushed her way forward through the roaring crowd, keeping her eyes on Atom. She would never let him deactivate for good. Never. The bell sounded just as she reached the front, saving Atom. Max, his dirty-blonde hair ruffled, ran towards Atom and lead him back to the corner muttering encouragement. The woman or, under closer inspection, teen smiled. Atom had let his secret to someone else. The teen jumped on the mat and ran towards Atom's corner. A few protests came from the crowd but she was met with no resistance. The father son team were fighting with each other. \"How can we fight him? His shadow mode doesn't work, his armor needs repair, and he can no longer hear us. Again!\" Charlie Kenton yelled at his son. \"He can fight! We have to believe in him!\" Max yelled back. \"Belief ain't gonna- hey!\" Charlie had just noticed the stranger working on Atom. She worked with lightning speed and was using her own fists to fix dents in the poor bots armor. She finished by looking straight at the bot. \"Listen up Atom.\" The bot seemed to actually straighten up and listen. \"I will not accept loss tonight. You are too perfect. You were made not by Tak, but by my mother, and she does not accept imperfection. Neither will I.\" Charlie and Max just stared at the teen. She paused and studied the bots face. Its two eyes glowed aqua blue, along with certain parts of his body and his name. His shining steel was now barely dented and his insides were like new. His mesh protection on his face was welded twice. Once down the middle, ending an inch above the end of his face. The second spread across his mesh sideways right where the first left off, making it look like he was always smiling. People were screaming for the fight to start but she ignored them. \"No excuses.\" She took a breath. \"Atom!\" she paused, taking another breath. \"Fight!\" If one were right where the teen was, they would've been able to see his slight nod. Atom stood with newfound confidence as Max grabbed the stool he was sitting on and Charlie the repair bag. All three people slid under the bottom rope of the boxing ring and stood. \"How is he going to fight?\" the father and son yelled at the same time. The girl just smiled. The bell sounded, signifying the start of the round. Atom walked slowly towards his red and black opponent. Its armor was dented and its green eyes flickered. It seemed to be tired but it still dealt strong blows. It swung its right fist towards Atom who easily dodged it. Another swing. Another dodge. This time Atom answered with a strong right uppercut that sent a deafening CRACK! throughout the arena. Deathly silence followed. The opponents bot stayed standing for a second, then fell with a large thud. Sparks and a small pop lead up to the head falling off. Complete and absolute silence for a few stunned seconds. It was then broken by the loudest roar a crowd could sound. Charlie broke out into the most wild grin. Max was screaming in jubilation. The teen quickly studied the two. Charlie had short brown hair and was wearing a dark green shirt and jeans. He had dirty sneakers on and a slight stubble on his face. Max had dirty-blonde hair and was wearing a plaid shirt over a blue shirt. His jeans were and sneakers were a bit newer. Atom was walking back to the corner humbly, accepting the praise but not basking in it. The three jumped into the ring and checked over Atom. The only problem was his shadow mode. The teen stood in front of Atom, who immediately piped up. Her face seemed stone cold, but it slowly melted into a smile. \"Good job Atom.\" The bot basked in this praise. \"Charlie! Max! Stranger!\" The three looked towards the announcer, Finn. He was a well built African-American with short hair and a growing mustache-beard combo. He was wearing a black muscle shirt and jeans. His arms and hair glistened with sweat. The teen looked towards the other bot quickly and saw its owner plant her with a cold stare. She returned it then focused back on Finn. \"That was some amazing fighting! I have never seen Atom land quite a hard punch! And the way you yelled at him to get him to move. Brilliant!\" Charlie and Max looked at the girl then back to Finn. His eyes were on the strange girl. \"What's your name?\" he asked. She looked at him, and he felt she was evaluating his soul. \"My name is Jade Mashido.\" she finally replied. \"As in, Tak Mashido?\" Charlie asked. The girl looked nothing like Tak. Jade whipped her head towards him. \"Uncle Tak is a disgrace. He calls himself a prodigy when he barely thinks about power cell life. He just packs his robots full of strength and speed when they don't have stamina. My mother figured that out. She bested her brother, and the world doesn't even know her.\" she snapped. Charlie backed up a step with his hands in the air. That's when Charlie noticed her eyes. The exact same color as Atom's. It was freaky. Humans usually don't have that bright colored eyes. Finn cleared his throat. \"Well, here's your winnings Charlie.\" he said, handing Charlie the money. Charlie put it in his pocket for safe keeping. \"Good luck with future fights.\" Finn walked out of the ring. Charlie looked at Atom with wonder and worry in his eyes. \"How are we going to get him out of here?\" he wondered out loud. Jade huffed and spoke. \"Atom, follow.\" Atom immediately stood, his joints slightly protesting, and followed Jade out of the ring. The crowd had left in a whirlwind of voices before Jade announced her name. She had a clear walk to Charlie's truck and took advantage of it. Her boots echoed softly off the floor and were soon accompanied by the others. Atom's feet echoed loudest. As they neared the truck, Charlie ran to catch up. \"Hey, Jade.\" he started. \"Yes?\" she asked, a bit impatient. \"Do you think you could follow us back? If your mother was Atom's creator and you know so much you may be able to fix his shadow mode.\" Charlie ended nervously, rubbing the back of his head. Jade looked right into his eyes, leaning back on one foot. After a minute Jade took a breath and adjusted her weight. \"Sure. I'll follow you guys.\" \"Great! Where's your ride?\" Jade smiled and walked behind another truck. A quiet ignition could be heard and from behind the truck came a shiny black bike with aqua blue lights. She moved it towards the boys and revved it, showing off the now loud engine. Max stared at it and Charlie whistled. \"Wow.\" Jade laughed while Charlie led Atom into the truck. He put him into sleep mode and plugged him into his own charging cable. He grabbed a Dr. Pepper that his son just opened and took a swig, setting it on another silver counter. The insides were a mess. A bed laid between a workbench and the cabin wall. Atom took up a good space and another workbench filled the rest of the space. The bench by the bed had robot parts scattered over the top while the other had a computer, papers, and Dr. Pepper cans. Max jumped out with his soda as Charlie closed the back. A small cart rolled back towards the cab as the door closed. When it did, Charlie ran to the drivers side and jumped in. The outer paintjob consisted of a dark green backround with lighter green lines circling it. Jade backed up to let them leave first, then sped after them into the cold night air. A/N: Please tell me how you like it. If you have any suggestions review or P.M. me.[Chapter 2] A/N: How are you liking it? I can't believe they might be coming out with Real Steel 2! I will definitely see it opening week. I've decided my OC will have a power that you will figure out later. Now, read and enjoy! They reached Tallet's Gym in a day. The old building was run-down, but because of winning boxing matches with Atom it was being renovated. The insides were finished and the outside was being worked on. Charlie backed the truck into the alley next to the building with Jade following. Jade turned off her bike and hopped off. Charlie was already lowering the gate and Max was slowly waking up. His shirt was all ruffled and a WRB magazine lay open on his chest. He looked at it and brushed it off, then got out. \"Dang!\" Charlie called. Max replied. \"What?\" His voice was still groggy, so he must've fallen asleep five minutes after we left Crash Palace. \"Atom's power cell is depleted. The charging cable fell out sometime during the ride.\" Charlie sounded agitated and jumped out. \"His power cell shouldn't be depleted because of that.\" Jade said. \"Well, he won't turn on.\" Jade jumped in the truck and went by Atom. His appearance seemed fine. His metal was still undented, and no wires were hanging out. Jade looked him over head to toe in a quick but detailed examination. Nothing was out of place. \"I hate doing this to him. So much strain on his processor.\" she muttered under her breath. Charlie and Max heard 'strain' and 'processor' but nothing else. They didn't pressure her, for five minutes with her is enough to know her temper. She took a breath and stared straight at where Atoms eyes were. \"Atom, activate.\" was all she said. Gears turning and his processor starting up could be heard. He lifted his head and showed his eyes. They were dim and flickering. A moan escaped Atom, caused by certain gears turning and hydraulics moving. Jade looked at him and whispered to him. \"What's wrong Atom?\" Charlie couldn't stop staring at her eyes now. They were glowing. Literally. They were lighting Atom up a bit. Jade continued to stare at him and heard what no one else in the world could. My power cell. Jade adopted a confused look but trusted him. She pulled his chair out and checked his power cell compartment. No one would see anything wrong but Jade could. Her mothers special touch had worn out, and he had no power. \"Great. Alright, I'll carry you. You can shut down.\" Atom shut down and Charlie stared at her. \"Carry him?\" he asked. Jade nodded and continued unstrapping Atom. When he was able to be moved, Jade wrapped her arms around his waist and stood. She grunted and turned slowly, then walked out. She jumped from ledge and just barely stayed upright. \"Sheesh, you're heavy.\" she forced through gritted teeth. She pushed open the doors to the gym and walked in. \"Charlie? Max? How was the- who are you?\" said a woman. She wore a black shirt and jeans. Her face was freshly washed and her hair was back in a messy ponytail. Jade ignored her and set Atom down on an open table. She sat him up and plugged him in. \"What did you do to Atom?\" the woman said. She walked over to Jade and tried to push her away. \"Bailey! Stop! She's gonna help us get Atom back to new.\" Charlie intervened. \"And maybe add a few upgrades.\" Jade muttered. She heard a small intake of breath and looked at Max. \"Don't worry. I won't tamper with his code. I'll only fix his shadow mode and make him a better fighter.\" she promised. Max smiled and walked to his room. \"Well, if you're gonna work on him, you can do it in the morning. You must be exhausted.\" Bailey said. Jade shook her head and started to work on Atom. She started pulling off his armor and working on his insides. She replaced wires, bolts, hydraulics, and more. By morning, Atom was shiny, strong, reinforced, and almost good as new. Jade whipped sweat off of her forehead, trading it with paint and oil. She ran outside and grabbed her backpack from her bike and came back inside. No one noticed it because it was as black as the bike. Out of it she grabbed an old laptop and cables. She plugged the cables into both Atom and her laptop. The screen flickered to life, showing green code constantly updating. She nodded in approval then went and turned Atom's shadow mode on. She sat by her computer and waited for Atom to identify her. When he did, she started moving to see what was wrong. SHe unplugged him and stood him on his own feet. Keeping a constant eye on her screen she started walking. There. He wasn't responding to her movements. Jade led him back to the bench and had him sit. She walked back to her screen and reviewed what went wrong with the code. She read and read and read the code. She double checked her interpretations. Nothing was wrong with his code. \"Alright Atom. Tell me why you won't move.\" she said. Atom stared at her. \"Atom, tell me.\" she said harder. Her vision darkened, but returned to normal. \"Oh. Alright, show me.\" Jade's vision went entirely black. She was way back in time. At least to her. She was witnessing a memory from the sidelines. A shape slowly formed beside her. When it finished, she barely contained her crying. It was her older brother. He had darker skin than her. Being inside and working on robots had caused her to pale. His eyes were the same green as Zeus's. He was well built, a hit with all the ladies, and had short black hair. He wore a silverish shirt and old jeans. He had black hiking boots on and a smile. He was looking towards Jade. \"Hey there sis.\" Jade ran forward and hugged him. She didn't know going into memories with Atom would go like this. \"Hey there Mota.\" I said. \"Call me what I am now, sis.\" he said, prying me off. \"Okay, Atom.\" He smiled and pointed to the memory, explaining why he wouldn't move his feet in shadow mode. My mother was working in her shop. She was wearing her favorite turquoise necklace that somehow never broke and a white shirt. Her over coat was thrown over a chair and her jeans were full of dried on paint. Our family was notorious for having tom-boy girls. She was writing some code. A younger me in a ponytail ran in. My mother clicked enter and hugged me. I reached and hugged the robot. A few months ago, my brother had died in a car accident. My mother kept a strand of his DNA and successfully put his personality into this robot. She was only able to do it because of information her mother had on a process her work did once. She pulled the robot off the counter and had it stand up. She then flipped a switch just as her brother, Uncle Tak, walked in. The robot looked at him and started copying his movements. I had ran into the corner to play with one of my favorite toys when Tak made a kicking motion. The robot kicked a can which flew into the air, hit an exposed wire, then hit me. I fell to the ground in a writhing and squirming mess. That electrocution had activated my gene that gave me my ability now. Mota, or Atom, started to slowly fade and so did my vision. When I opened my eyes, I saw Max standing over me, waving a hand in my face. He was wearing the same clothes as yesterday. My hearing returned after some ringing. \"Jade? Jade, are you alright? Atom looks awesome by the way.\" he said. I sat up from my position on the ground. I had fallen off the stool when the vision started. \"I'm fine and thanks.\" I shook my head to clear the dizziness then stood. I then marched up to Atom and looked him right in the eyes. \"You listen up mister. That incident is long past. It did more good than harm. You know that. Now, you will work in shadow mode or you will have a fun time imagining what I will do to you if you don't.\" Atom looked hard at Jade, then nodded in submission. \"Good.\" She rubbed her hands together and disconnected the cables. She shut her computer down, shoved it into her pack, and looked to Max. \"Where's the bathroom.\" Max pointed behind him where Jade saw a hallway with a door at the end. \"Thanks.\" She walked off, leaving Max alone with Atom. The phone rang and a drowsy Charlie answered it. \"Yeah?\" he asked. \"We want Zeus to fight Atom again.\" said a russian-accented female. Charlie leaned up on his elbows. \"What?\" The woman sighed. \"We want Zeus to-\" \"Yeah, yeah I heard that part. Why do you want Atom to fight?\" \"Zeus is losing his edge. He is barely trying against these bots that are thrown at him. So, what do you say.\" the voice said. \"I'll think about it.\" Charlie replied. \"You have one week.\" The woman hung up and Charlie set the phone down. He rubbed his face with his hands and thought about the call. Atom fighting Zeus, unknown amount of rounds, unknown date, unknown time. Movement beside him alerted him to Bailey's awakening. \"Who was that?\" she asked, half-asleep. \"Farra Lemkova.\" he replied. Bailey opened her eyes all the way and pushed herself up. \"Lemkova? What does she want?\" \"A rematch.\" That's all Charlie had to say. \"Did you agree?\" Bailey asked. \"I asked for some time. We have one week.\" Bailey shook her head and got up. \"Let's alert Max and that other girl. What's her name?\" she asked while grabbing clothes. \"Jade.\" Bailey gave him a look. \"Mashido.\" \"What?!\" Bailey gasped. \"Mashido. Tak Mashido is her uncle.\" Bailey nodded and grabbed the clothes she dropped. She left the room and went into bathroom. Charlie grabbed some of his own clothes and got dressed in the bedroom. He walked out and almost fell in surprise. Atom, Max, and Jade were all dancing together. Max would do a turn and cause Atom to shadow Jade instead. She would do the same. That didn't surprise Charlie though. What did was how perfect Atom could move his feet in shadow mode now. Instead of tripping because he didn't move his feet, or hesitating and again tripping, he was moving them beautifully. \"Let's see if he can do advanced moves!\" Jade shouted. Max nodded and spun around. Jade motioned for Max to move, which of course Atom mirrored, and did the moonwalk. Atom copied it perfectly. When she finished, Jade threw her hands into the air in celebration. \"Yes! Yes yes yes!\" She turned halfway and spotted Charlie. \"It works Charlie! His shadow mode works!\" She did another weird dance that caused Max to burst out laughing. She did too. Atom's top section moved along with Jade's in her laughter. Charlie walked to the radio and turned it off. \"Sorry to end your dance contest, but Farra wants a rematch.\" Max froze in the middle of turning Atom's shadow mode and Jade lost her smile. Her eyes hardened and her face became blank. \"What?! She wants a rematch? Wouldn't we be the ones to ask that?\" Max asked. He unfroze and finally turned shadow mode off. Jade finally moved, but only to shift her weight. \"What did you say?\" she asked. \"To give us some time to think about it. We have a week.\" \"If you guys want to, you can fight him. I just need to add a few things.\" she said. She told Atom to follow her and had him sit back on the table. She plugged him in and strengthened his arms and legs hydraulics so he could throw harder punches. Over this period of time, lunch had come and Charlie had bought her a burger. She accepted gratefully and continued working. A few hours later, she thought everyone had gone to a buffet. She didn't know that Max stayed behind to get some homework done and to spend time with Atom. He was hiding in the doorway to the large part of the gym. Jade looked around then walked to Atom's back. She lifted the latch over his power cell and backed up a step. She took a deep breath and her eyes glowed. She pointed her pointer and middle fingertips at the power cell and concentrated. Her fingertips sparked, then a bolt of electricity flew out. It hit the power cell which started to glow. When it was glowing bright as possible, she stopped. \"There. Now you should have long battery life.\" She closed the latch and turned towards the doorway, where she saw Max. A/N: How do you like?[Chapter 3] A/N: ... \"Whoa.\" was all Max said. Jade stared at him. Her face hardened and she walked slowly towards Max. Max's eyes widened in fear and he slowly backed up. \"Don't.\" Both people whipped their heads towards the now standing robot. Atom's fists were clenched, and he was nearing Jade. \"Don't. Touch. Max.\" The two people looked at each other, then back at Atom. \"Did I do that to you?\" Jade asked. Atom tilted his head then looked to Max. \"Can you understand me?\" he asked. Max nodded his head, still in shock. \"One sec, this may feel weird.\" Jade reached up to Atom's neck and fiddled with a few wires. What she saw surprised her. A vocal processor that was never there before was glowing slightly. She let the wires fall back into place and backed up. \"I did do that to you. Nice acting Max.\" Jade held a hand up and Max high-fived her. \"You were, faking?\" Atom said. Jade nodded. \"Same thing happened to another robot shell I electrocuted. A vocal processor appeared out of nowhere. Since it was only a shell, I didn't know you would also become a lot more human like.\" Jade looked Atom up and down. \"We have to figure out how to make you like a robot again for fights. Either that or you learn how to act.\" Max said. \"I have an idea.\" Jade muttered. She walked behind Atom and switched his shadow mode off. Nothing happened. \"Can you still talk Atom?\" she asked. \"I think. Yep.\" he replied. Jade grabbed the headset and told Atom to back up a bit before she turned it on. \"Right uppercut.\" she said calmly. Atom did his powerful uppercut then stood back to normal. \"At least you still listen to commands. Thanks for that.\" The door opened and Atom choose that moment to reply. \"You're welcome.\" His tenor voice caused Charlie to jump and Bailey to almost throw the leftover's. \"Who said that?\" Charlie asked. Max and Jade glanced quickly at Atom then back at Charlie. \"I can't believe I'm about to do this.\" he said quietly. Then, louder, he asked, \"Atom, did you talk?\" Atom looked at Jade who nodded slightly, then back at Charlie. \"Yes.\" Bailey's eyes widened and Charlie blinked a little more rapid than usual. \"Okay then.\" he said. \"And he's gonna be more human-like than usual. That part I didn't know about.\" Jade told him. \"Wait. You knew he had a vocal processor?\" Bailey asked. \"No. He never had one. But he got one when I shocked him. By the way, if that hurt, sorry.\" \"It didn't.\" Atom said. \"You shocked him? How?\" Jade held out her hand, palm up. \"Like this.\" Small sparks flew from her fingertips. She moved her fingertips closer together. The sparks connected and created a continuous stream of electricity. Neither Charlie nor Bailey could stop staring. Jade laughed and stopped the sparks. \"Strange.\" Charlie said. Jade looked like she was about to say something when she ran forward. Atom ran towards Max and covered him with his body. Jade ripped Charlie and Bailey out of the way just as the doors flew from their hinges. In walked Tak Mashido and Farra Lemkova, followed by Zeus and a good amount of goons. I shoved Charlie and Bailey towards Atom who put them in the hall and blocked the way in. \"We want the fight now.\" Farra said. She stepped towards the wall with four goons guarding her. Tak made eye contact with Jade. Both of them adopted stone cold, hatred filled expressions. \"Zeus, fight the junk heap. The rest of you, help me with my spirited niece.\" Zeus looked towards Tak then walked towards Atom. Their fight started right away. Tak and the goons circled Jade. Tak walked forward, right in front of Jade. They stared at each other, then Tak threw the first one. Jade ducked and swiveled, then threw her own counter-right. It connected with his face. Jade smirked then spun around, dealing a major knock out blow to one of the goons. She dodged a second shot and dealt another knock out punch. Atom and Zeus were evenly matched with Atom's upgrades. Both fights carried out for ten minutes. Farra had sent her goons towards Jade and they were laying on the floor, snoring. Tak and Jade were circling each other, breathing heavy. Zeus and Atom were doing the same. Zeus and Atom each threw their own punch. Each metal fist hit an exposed wire. Each bot fell to the ground, paralyzed. \"No! How dare your bot hurt my nephew!\" Tak ran forward and started dealing punches. One of every ten hit Jade. \"Mota isn't in Zeus. He's in Atom!\" Jade yelled back, connecting with her uncle's stomach. He reeled back, clutching his mid-section. \"I mean your cousin.\" he laughed. I froze. My cousin isn't dead. He can't be dead. He's the only person who didn't treat me different when he found out about my power. He was like a big brother to me, ever since Mota died. We had grown closer than Mota and I were. Tak took advantage of this pause and ran forward. Jade's head hit the floor with a huge an easily hearable thud. Before she blacked out, she was determined to let her cousin's personality come out from behind Zeus's killer attitude. She sent out a powerful shock that hit Zeus, then let go. Charlie couldn't wait any longer. He didn't care if he had to wait for a signal from Atom or Jade. He was going. \"Dad, we can't. We need to wait for Atom or Jade!\" his son, Max, tried desperately. His words were in vain. Right now, nothing was going to stop Charlie. \"Get out of my way Max.\" Charlie pushed back his son and opened the door. He turned down the hall and froze. Atom and Zeus lay on the floor along with a ring of Lemkova goons. Zeus was sparking slightly, probably from the electricity they heard before the silence, and Atom was unmoving. Charlie walked forward the rest of the way, but couldn't find Jade anywhere. The man then walked over to Atom. He tried everything but couldn't get him to move. \"Max.\" he called out. Max slowly emerged from the door then ran when he saw his unmoving friend. \"Atom? Atom? Atom get up. Get up Atom. Get up!\" the boy started slowly crying. Charlie squeezed his son's shoulder then got up and walked over to Bailey who had walked from the room. Max started sobbing now. Something must've snapped in the poor boy and he couldn't stop the flow. When he calmed down, Charlie and Bailey had started moving the goons to the side of the room. \"Try Mota.\" said a voice. Max bolted up right. \"Did you guys say something?\" Max asked the adults. They both shook their heads without diverting attention from their job. \"Try Mota.\" the voice said again. Max looked down at Atom. \"Mota?\" he whispered. The eyes started up within a second and Atom sat up. He looked around the room, then at Max. \"Why were you crying, Max?\" Atom whispered. Another stream was coming and Max couldn't stop it. The boy crawled into the bots arms and cried. The bot stared at him, then wrapped his arms around the sad boys body. He rocked back and forth slowly, making parts of himself whir a lullaby. By the time Charlie and Bailey were done Max was asleep in Atoms arms. \"I think that's a new record.\" Charlie said when he walked over. Atom made a laughing motion with his chest and carefully set the sleeping boy in his father's arms. Atom got up and started to walk towards his table when he heard a moan. He spun around and saw Zeus sitting up, rubbing his head. He looked straight into Atom's eyes who stared right back. \"Chase?\" Atom asked. \"Mota?\" said Zeus in a baritone voice. ","Summary":" A/N: First Real Steel fanfic. The OC has a special power that I created in one of my other stories."},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"A Safe Haven","Author":"FluffnGore","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8872355","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Safe Haven \" On my own, pretending he's beside me.\" I sang along with my old iPod as I walked home from school. Yeah I tend to prefer old showtunes to that old Bieber guy or Dubstep. I like Newsies or Les Miserables. I guess that's one of the reasons I get bullied at school. Things were so much easier when Max was here. My best friend was Max Kenton; in fact he was my only friend. I'm not exactly considered cool with the people I know. I listen to showtunes while the people at my school don't, I don't wear tank tops or shorts that show my butt, and I read books like \"The Lord of the Rings\" and books on Greek mythology, while \"normal\" girls read biographies on One Direction and stuff. Max is the only person who has never called me weird. About three years ago when we were eleven, his mother Caroline died and he had to go to court to see who would have custody of him. His Aunt that he'd never met, or his deadbeat dad who left him and Caroline when he was a baby. I was left alone. Caroline was more of a mom to me then my own drugged out mother ever was, but Max was sent away and I was stuck here with my good for nothing. Max and I stayed in contact for a little while but that kind of fizzled out, I mean I saw him on T.V. every once in a while with Atom, but it's not the same as actually talking to him. I walked in the door of my house, it's nothing fancy but it keeps a roof over my head. I plopped my bag on the ground (something my mother hates) and walked into the kitchen to get a snack, and saw a note on the fridge. Dear Haven, Don't expect us home anytime soon, your father and I trust you to be responsible on your own. We'll be gone for a good six months. There's some emergency money on the shelf above the stove. -Mom Wait…..WHAT? I knew my parents were crazy but not this crazy! All right that's it, straw that broke the camel's back. I pulled my phone out and dialed a number that I never thought I would again. Max.[Chapter 2] \"Ring, ring, ring.\" Come on Max pick up. Ring, ring ri- \"Hello?\" I froze. What was I supposed to say to him? Oh remember me? We were best friends and then you totally abandoned me? \"Hello? Is anyone there?\" I quickly pulled myself together. \"M-Max? It's Haven.\" \"Oh my god Haven! Hi how are you?\" he seemed pretty enthusiastic about hearing my voice. That seems like a pretty good sign. \"Um, I hate to ask but is there any possible way you could come and get me?\" I asked timidly. \"Why? Where are you? What's wrong?\" \"I think my parents kind of finally lost it, they left today without me and said to not expect them back anytime soon.\" I teared up a little. \"Max I'm really scared and I don''t know what to do.\" \"Are you sure they aren't coming back?\" He asked doubtfully. \"Max! It literally says 'Don't expect us anytime soon', they left me ten dollars in a cookie jar. TEN DOLLARS! What am I supposed to do with that?\" \"Okay okay I'm sorry!\" he paused. \"Are you still at the same house?\" \"Yeah I am.\" \"Don't worry I'll talk to Charlie. We'll come and get you.\" \"You don't think he'll mind?\" I asked nervously. \"Are you kidding?\" he asked laughing somewhat. \"Charlie is super cool, I know he'll be okay with this don't worry.\" \"Okay, I really appreciate this Max I owe you big time.\" \"Don't worry about it, and Haven?\" \"Yeah?\" \"I really missed you.\" I smiled. \"I missed you too.\" \"See ya soon\" Yeah. After I hung up with Max I ran upstairs and packed up stuff to bring with me. I went through all of my junk in my room, some clothes, art supplies, books, my old iPod, toothbrush, stuff like that. I was going through all the the stuff on my desk, behind all of the old stuff I'd forgotten about. Oh look, math homework from second grade. Oh, the the drawing i drew yesterday. Oh look, mom's taxes. I finally found something worthwhile. An old scrapbook Caroline made for me, it's full of pictures of me and Max growing up. Us on the swings at the park when we were four, Our first day of Kindergarten, our day at the theme park, and just random pictures taken of us over time. After Max left I would spend time laying on my bed looking at it wondering how things can change so fast. I thought about how he would make a ton of new friends and forget about me, but I would never forget my first and only friend. I put it in my bag wondering if Max still had his. I put in some old CD's that no one owns anymore, The Beatles, Les Miserables, Newsies, and Led Zeppelin. Old DVD's, Super 8, A Philadelphia Story, Singin' in the Rain. I looked at my clock, 11:30 pm. Not super late but it's been an emotionally exhausting day. I turn out my light, than realize there's no one else in the house but me. I have a thing about being alone in the dark, I get really panicky, like somethings gonna happen to me. I run down stairs and bolt all the windows and all the doors close all of the drapes and run back upstairs. I decide to leave my light on and listen to the soft voices of the Newsies. It brought back sweet memories of simpler days. I listen too it whenever i feel alone because back then, when it was my world, he was with me. It fills the house just enough. Makes me feel safe as I drift into a solemn daze and fall asleep.[Chapter 3] A/N: Hey guys! So I thought I'd get this story going again, hope you like it! -Fluff BEEP BEEP BEEP Ugh, I hate that stupid alarm clock! I spent about five minutes in peaceful bliss until I remembered. My stupid parents stupidly left me. Max. He would be here any second and I haven't even brushed my teeth yet. Then I paused. It's been three years since I've seen my best friend, what if he's changed? What if we hate each other? What would I do then? He's the only thing I have left and I couldn't handle losing him too! ' Stop it Haven, you're being stupid,' I told myself. ' Of course he's the same Max, why wouldn't he be? He's still your best friend no matter what, he promised.' I looked around my room one last time. Who knows what'll happen to this place what with my parents gone. We were so lucky to not have been kicked out before, but now they'll probably foreclose the house or something like that. Then something caught my eye, something I haven't looked at in a long time. It was the newspaper clipping of Max and Atom. I remember the day I first heard about Atom and Max, I saw it online about a week after they defeated Twin Cities and I've followed them ever since. I was so proud of Max and what he'd accomplished, especially after the fight with Zeus (which I actually watched on TV) even if they didn't win. And when his father hoisted Max up onto his shoulders and they shared a smile, I teared a bit. That smile that he gave Charlie was one I thought I'd never see again and it just made me miss him even more, if that was even possible. I shook myself out of the memory and realized that I had my music playing the whole time. I paused my iPod and threw it in my bag (I cant live without my music). Then I heard the doorbell ring. Oh my god. I don't really know how to explain the feelings I had right at that moment, I was happy, scared, nervous. It was every color of the fucking rainbow. ' I can't keep him waiting,' I took a deep breath. ' It's only Max.' So I went down stairs and answered the door. When I opened the door I was scared for a minute. At first glance, it didn't look like Max at all. This guy grinning at me was tall, thin and muscular. His face was mature, gone were the days of baby fat and freckles. He was almost –dare I say- hot. NO. Haven, go no further with that statement. \"Haven!\" he jumped on me (this was our usual greeting as I was always the taller one, however this was quite painful now because he was about half a head taller then me). My legs gave way and we fell to the ground with him on top of me. I couldn't help myself, I started laughing. I laughed and hugged –still beneath him- I was just so happy to see him again. And we just laughed for five minutes straight. Finally together again. Soooooooo what did you think? Sorry it's so short, but I'm finally starting to write again so this is a bit of a comeback chapter. Please please please review! Thanks guys! -Fluff ","Summary":" A Safe Haven \" On my own, pretending he's beside me.\" I sang along with my old iPod as I walked h"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Watchful Over Them","Author":"GoldGuardian2418","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13106345","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I got this idea after watching the Disney movie \"Halloweentown\". I watched it when it first came out years ago and found it on DVD fairly recently to enjoy it again. Anyway, this story bloomed from it. Halloweentown belongs to Disney. I own nothing. Contains some spoilers for Halloweentown and Halloweentown II: Calabar's Revenge, which also belongs to Disney. Watchful Over Them Benny the skeleton breathed in the cool air of the human world. Ever since Marnie had found a way to open the portal between the two worlds without having to wait for Halloween, some of the monsters had come to visit the human world and he was one of them, though when he came, he always went for one house. The Cromwell house. He pulled his yellow cab up to the house, which was decorated for the holiday, and found Dylan sitting on the steps, but the boy looked a bit worried. Curious, Benny honked the horn in a friendly manner, making the boy look up and blink in surprise. \"Benny?\" He asked, going over to the cab, seeing the friendly skeleton give him a smile. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Gotta keep an eye on my favorite family,\" the skeleton said, pointing to his eye socket with a laugh. Dylan chuckled. \"Still got those jokes, huh?\" He asked with a smile. \"You bet your funny bone I do,\" Benny said, laughing again before sobering. \"Anyway, what's got you looking like your powers went on the fritz?\" The boy now looked worried. \"I'm worried about Marnie,\" he admitted. \"She's got a date tonight, but...I don't trust the guy.\" \"Unsavory character?\" The skeleton asked, hopping out of the cab and coming around to talk to him. \"That's one way to put it,\" Dylan said. \"I think he just wants to see her powers and claim he's dated a witch just for that fifteen minutes of fame.\" Benny actually looked a little angry at that. \"No punk does that to one of my favorite nieces and gets away with it,\" he said, startling Dylan at how angry he sounded. \"That's how I feel,\" the boy answered. \"Marnie deserves more respect than that. I'd go with them, but I don't want to be the meddling brother.\" The skeleton nodded and turned to him. \"Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on her,\" he promised. \"Dude, that joke's old,\" Dylan said with a grin. Benny playfully caught him and gave him a noogie. \"No sassing your uncle, kid,\" he said without heat so the boy knew he was only teasing. The boy nodded, grateful to the skeleton. \"Thanks, Uncle Benny,\" he said. \"I better get back inside. I promised Mom I'd take Sophie to the movies while Marnie was on her date.\" \"Okay,\" said the skeleton. \"Just curious, where did Marnie and her date go?\" \"She said they were going to get pizza and head for the carnival,\" Dylan said. Nodding, Benny got in his cab and had an idea. \"Hey, how about I give you and Sophie a ride to the movies?\" He suggested. \"I'll pick you guys up later too.\" \"Sounds good to me.\" When Sophie heard that her favorite skeleton uncle was going to drive her and Dylan to the movies, she was excited and Gwen smiled, greeting the skeleton with a hug. \"You sure you don't mind, Ben?\" She asked. \"Not at all, Gwen,\" he said with a smile before lowering his voice. \"And don't worry about Marnie. She's a big girl and knows how to take care of herself.\" \"I know,\" Gwen replied. \"But...Mother's intuition.\" He nodded before seeing Sophie running towards him and he scooped her up in a big hug, making her giggle happily. \"Alright, let's get you two to the movies,\" he said as they said goodbye to Gwen and headed out. Dropping off his nephew and younger niece at the movies, the skeleton then headed for the carnival, finding it on the outskirts of town and glancing around for his older niece. As he was doing so, he remembered back before Gwen came to the human world. Years ago... Gwen had just returned from her date with Calabar and was smiling, but she wanted to explore the human world she had heard so much about. \"Benny, I'm going to see what it's like,\" she said. \"I like Calabar, but...I want something he can't give me.\" \" What's that, Gwen?\" Benny asked her. \" I guess adventure,\" she replied. \"Is that a bad thing?\" He chuckled. \"Nah, you've got a curious nature, Gwen, something your mom's always encouraged,\" he said. \"Just be careful, okay?\" \" Okay, brother,\" she said playfully, knowing he was just looking out for her. \" Hey, we're bone siblings,\" he said with a laugh. She laughed when she realized he had replaced the word 'born' with 'bone'. \"Okay,\" she said, taking her broom and zooming off. A few hours later, she returned and she was laughing. Benny found her and caught her as she stumbled a bit getting off her broom. \"Well, what's tickling your funny bone?\" He asked with a chuckle. \" Benny, you're not going to believe it. I just met the most amazing man,\" she said breathlessly. \"And he's mortal.\" The skeleton was surprised, but then he noticed something. Gwen was happier, laughing like she hadn't laughed before. She had never been that way with Calabar. \"Must be quite guy if he put a love spell on you,\" he said, his voice teasing. Gwen smiled. \"That's just it, Benny. He didn't,\" she said. \"I think...I think it's real.\" She then sobered. \"But...Calabar,\" she said softly. Benny shook his head. \"Gwen, who makes your heart skip a beat?\" He asked seriously. She was quiet and realized what he was saying. \"Him,\" she said, indicating the mortal man she had met. The skeleton nodded. \"Then go to him,\" he said encouragingly. \"We'll all miss you here, but you should go be with him.\" Gwen looked at him. \"Do you think I should?\" She asked. He nodded. \"I haven't met this mortal, but if he puts that smile on your face and makes you laugh like you've never laughed before, then he's the one for you,\" he said. She gave him a hug. \"Thanks, Benny,\" she said. \" Anytime, sis. And I mean it,\" he said. \"Just come visit if you can.\" She nodded before she headed back for the mortal world, just before the portal closed for another year. Present time... Benny nodded. Gwen hadn't been able to return after Marnie was born, but Agatha would go and visit and tell him about how Gwen was doing and when she had returned and he had seen her again, they had embraced and now Gwen visited every now and then, bringing the kids with her as the residents loved having them visit. He now spotted Marnie marching towards the entrance of the carnival and she looked very upset. A teenage boy was following her. \"Come on, Marnie! It was a joke!\" The boy said. She turned sharply to him. \"No, it wasn't,\" she said. \"That was just plain mean. I thought you really liked me.\" He scoffed. \"Come on, you're a witch,\" he said. \"Who would like you?\" Benny had heard enough and he came up behind the boy. \"Someone with more brains than you, punk,\" he growled, making the boy turn and scream as he grabbed the boy's jacket and held him up with no effort. He grinned at the boy, his eye sockets looking angry. \"Scram,\" he said, letting the boy drop the short way to the ground. The punk took off and Marnie turned to Benny, looking at him in surprise, but also gratefulness. \"Thanks, Uncle Benny,\" she said softly before sighing. \"Hey, don't listen to that punk,\" he said, placing an arm around her shoulders. \"Come on. Let Uncle Benny give you a ride home.\" They got in his cab and he let her sit up front with him. As he drove, he heard Marnie sniffling and saw her crying a little. \"Aw, kiddo,\" he said in sympathy, handing her a hankerchief, which she accepted, wiping her eyes. \"Hey, that punk didn't deserve you if he was mean to you.\" She nodded. \"I know, but...it was my first real date and I was hoping...,\" she trailed off before looking at him. \"How did you know I was here? And why are you here anyway?\" She asked. \"Well, ever since you found a way to keep the portal open, I keep tabs on my favorite family,\" he said, gently tapping a knuckle to her chin. \"Also, Dylan was worried about you. He didn't think your date deserved you either.\" Marnie made a mental note to thank her brother later as she calmed down. \"Do you think all my dates will be like that jerk?\" She asked. \"Nah, you'll find a guy who really likes you, just like your mom did when she met your dad,\" Benny said, smiling. \"He was a good human, though I never met him.\" She looked at him. \"How do you know he was good then?\" She asked. \"Cause the night your mom met him, she came back and she was glowing, no joke,\" he replied. \"She was laughing and smiling and both were genuine. Calabar never got your mom to smile like that or laugh like that. Oh sure, she would smile when she was with him, but it was never that real, madly-in-love smile. Only your dad could do that.\" \"Really?\" Marnie asked. \"Oh, yeah,\" Benny said before looking at her. \"Hey, did I tell you that some of my ghost friends love taking the elevator?\" She shook her head. \"No, you didn't,\" she said, curious. \"Yeah. They said it raises their spirits.\" Now realizing he had just pulled a joke, Marnie giggled, which only spurred Benny on. \"Yeah, I laughed my skull off at that one,\" he said, smiling as she laughed harder. \"Only you could pull off those jokes so well, Uncle Benny,\" she said. \"I try,\" he said. \"Hey, do you like raspberries?\" She nodded. \"They're my favorite,\" she said. \"Good, cause you're a berry good witch.\" Marnie laughed again, feeling a lot better. She then noticed Benny had driven around town so they could see the Halloween decorations. \"I thought we'd take a look at the décor before we picked up Dylan and Sophie from the movies,\" he said. She smiled and nodded, looking at the houses with interest before it was time to get Dylan and Sophie. The youngest girl was happy to have seen the movie she wanted and Dylan hadn't minded as it had been a pretty good movie. Fifteen minutes later, Benny pulled up to their home and they all went inside. Gwen hugged her kids and as Dylan and Sophie went upstairs to get ready for bed, she looked at Marnie with sympathy. \"He wasn't what you thought, huh?\" She asked gently. Her oldest daughter nodded. \"Guess I need to be a better judge of character,\" she said. \"Don't be too hard on yourself, Marnie,\" Benny said gently, pulling her into a gentle hug that she accepted. \"You're just like how your mom was at your age.\" \"Really?\" She asked. \"Clever and high spirited,\" he said. \"It was a wonder I could keep up with her.\" He chuckled at that and Gwen also chuckled as Marnie headed upstairs for bed and the older woman turned to the skeleton. \"Benny, thank you for watching over Marnie,\" she said. \"I really appreciate it.\" \"Hey, no problem,\" he said. \"I care about you and them, Gwen, just like an older brother.\" She smiled and gave him a hug, which he returned before he waved goodbye and headed back for Halloweentown. He smiled the whole way, thinking about the kids and lady he was proud to call his family. I just had to. :) Please leave a review, but no flames! GoldGuardian2418 ","Summary":" I got this idea after watching the Disney movie \"Halloweentown\". I watched it when it first came "},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Facts Of Life: Twist Ending","Author":"kudizmcfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9806496","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Facts Of Life: Twist Ending Merina: Good morning Glinda. Glinda: Good morning Merina. What time is it? Merina: 9:30 Glinda: What time do you think Starley is going to pick us up? Merina: I don't know she didn't say. Glinda: Well now I'm hungry Merina: Yeah me too. Lets go eat. Glinda: Ok Dr. Mayle: whooo and where are you too going? Merina: Going down to the cafeteria. Where hungry. Dr. Mayle: I'm sorry but I have here that Melinda... Glinda: Glinda! Its Glinda! Dr. Mayle: Anyway I have here that Glinda is suppose to leave to day. And intell somebody comes and pick Ya'll up. You two are not leaveing this room. Merina, Glinda: But where hungry! Dr. Mayle: I don't care so Ya'll to back to your room and I'm going to lock the door so y'all cant get out. Glinda: Great now what are we going to do... Merina: Wait I hear Starley. Starley: I'm just here to pick up Glinda and Merina. Dr. Mayle: Ok are you 18 and over ? Starley: No I'm 17. Dr. Mayle: Well then they aren't going anywhere. Merina, Glinda: What! Starley: that ok then I guess I'll be going. Glinda: What she just going to give up on us. Merina: Wait I know what she's about to do. Starley: My friends you must let them go but before a refreshing day today you'll side with me. Dr. Mayle: You know what your friends can go. Let me unlock the door. Merina: Ok Glinda lets go. Starley: Come on you to lets go Merina: Ok Ian: Hay Starley where have ya'll been. Starley: Well... That crazy Dr. Mayle would not let me pick them up because I was not 18 so I put a spell on her. Ian: Starley!? I hope this don't come back and bite us in the butt. Starley: Don't worry it won't. Ian: Merina are you ok with this. Merina: Well Starley I'm not sure if this was ok. Starley: Well gosh what do ya'll want me to drive all the way back to the hospital. Audrey: Now Starley you know that's the right thing to do. Starley: Fine I'll go back to hospital. At the hospital... Dr. Mayle: Whooo girl what are you doing here? Starley: I just came to do something. Dr. Mayle: You dum Stupid girl! Starley: Ok what did you call me. Dr. Mayle: Oh you herd me your nonething but a dum stupid girl! Starley: Ok who do you think you are thinking that you can just go around and say that to people. Dr. Mayle: Easy because I said so and I'm the ground and your just a teenager. Starley: You know what forget you! Dr. Mayle: Oh Starley what you don't know is that I'm a wizard too. Ian: So Starley did you do it. Starley: No because of miss. Sassy Dr... Hay what's going on with Merina. Glinda: I don't know it look likes she haveing suzger! Starley: Wait somethings not right. MERINA'S being bezest! Dr. Maylee: That's right Starley she's being bezest. Starley: Dr. Maylee? Dr. Maylee Over here! Starley: Do did this?! Dr. Maylee: Yes I did Starley: WHY? I ANT DONE NONHING TO YOU! Dr. Maylee: I'm only finishing what Mona had started. And in a few minutes Merina will become evil. Ian: You little troll you leave my friend alone. Dr. Maylee: Oh don't worry about that in 3... 2... 1... Merina: Yes Master? Dr. Maylee: Destory Ian! Merina: Yes Master. Ian: Merina what are doing and WHERE DID YOU GET THAT KNIFE.. OH NO, NO, NOOOOOOOOO. HUHHHHHHHHHHHHH. Dr. Maylee: Ha, Ha, Ha Starley: Oh my god I cant believe you did that! Dr. Maylee: Well that was just the being became in going to destory both worlds. Starley: WHAT!? Anderson: Hold up that means your a... Dr. Maylee: a wizard Yes. I'm the most powerful Wizard in the world! Starley: Dr. Maylee: You don't have to be like Mona. You can be a good person. Dr. Maylee: Never! And before you get any plans on trying to destory me well... Interl fantous! Starley: Huuuuuuuuu! Dr. Maylee: Come on Merina lets go. Merina: Yes Master. Audrey: Starley what happen? Starley: She took my magic. Ow Audrey: Starley lye on the couch. Starley: Ok ow. Quenya: So what are we going to do? She going to take over both our worlds. Starley: Quenya With out my magic we just can do anything ow! Quenya: No it cant be over it just cant! Andersen: Whatever. Quenya: No Not whatever! You know what. Portal open! Leigh: Quenya No don't do it. Quenya: No! I have to save Merina and the world and I'm gonna do it wather Ya'll with me or not! Andery: I cant believe he really doing it. Quenya: Oh good she haven't came here yet I have to warn them. Seely: Stop! What are you doing here. Quenya: No time but its this evil wizard comeing to destory Ya'll world. Seely: Well we better go tell the council. Quenya: No if we tell them all they going to do is reinforce the facts of life rule. Seely: Then what are we going to do, where not wizard. Quenya: NEVER MIND THAT WE HAVE TO GO BEFORE... oh no its happening. Dr. Mayle: Poor Quenya, do you really think you cant destory me? Oh I did so much more. Quenya: What do you mean? Dr. Mayle: Well lets just see... Starley: Quenya where are you! Ow! Dr. Mayle: Ha ha ha Evil spell and eye of kot turn these human into Mosters! Andersen: Ahhhhhhhhhh! Leigh: Ahhhhhhhhh! Starley: Ahhhhhhhhh! Andery: Ahhhhhhh! Andersen: I'm a lion Leigh: I'm a demon Starley: I'm a warewolf Andery: I'm a bare Leigh: Im a snake Everyone: NOOOOOOO! Dr. Mayle: Ha ha ha ha ha! Quenya: YOU MOSTER! EXPRAEDTHEASES! Dr. Mayle: (Fizzled then came back) Do you really you can destory me! I'm the power full one. And I'm not alone I got back up. MERINA! Seely: MERINA! Dr. Mayle: Merina? You know what to do. Seely: Merina what are you doing no Merina snap out of it! Dr. Mayle: You foul she's pesest! Seely: YOU MOSTER WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT! Dr. Mayle: Duh because im evil. Anyway i got to go. I Got some destorying to do. Come on Merina. Merina: Yes Master. Seely: Oh My God I cant Believe that women would do that to Merina and Your friends! Quenya: I Know but I need to check on them right now so... Portal open. The Portal opened Quenya: So... Seely: Seely, My name is Seely. Quenya: So Seely are you comeing or what? Seely: Ok im comeing. Starley: Quenya im glad your here. NOW UNDO THIS SPELL! Quenya: Ok I'll try? Uh... Human Again! Andersen: Oh thank god it worked! Starley: Quenya your right we should go and save Merina and destory Dr. Mayle once and for all! Quenya: Yeah! but Starley you dont have your powers? Starley: That dont matter right now what does is we have to save Merina and the world! Quenya: Ok lets go! Dr. Mayle: Yes everything is almost complete all i need to do is say the Colide spell and both worlds will be destoried! Quenya: NOT SO FAST DR. MAYLE! Dr. Mayle: You again!? Quenya: Yes it me now lets settle this once and for alll! Dr. Mayle: Fine by me.. oh and Merina you know what to. Quenya: WHAT NO! Starley: Merina snap out of it. it us your friends. Merina: I only obay Dr. Mayle. Dr. Mayle: Come on what are you going to do. Quenya: This together as one to united as one it time to destory you! Dr. Mayle: OWW! STOP THAT! Quenya: Gasp it WORKING GUYS HELP ME! Dr. Mayle: NO. MERINA DESTORY THEM! Quenya: Come on guys just say it with me! Starley: come on Quenya is count on us who's in? Seely: Im in. Andersen: Me too Andery: Me too Glinda: Me too Starley: NOW QUENYA Everyboby: This together as one to united as one it time to destory you! Dr. Mayle: OWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! Merina! Merina: ... Quenya: Come on one more time! Everyboby: This together as one to united as one it time to destory you! Dr. Mayle: OWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Quenya: We did, we really did it. Seely: Uh Quenya Somethings happeing to Starley. Starley: Oh my My powers their back. Glinda: hey look likes Merina comeing back. Merina: Oh my head guys what in the world just happen? Starley: Were tell you later right now we got to tell you somthing... Merina: Wait where's Ian Starley: That just it Merina Ian is dead Merina: Ok come again. Glinda: Merina Ian is dead. Im sorry. Seely: Well Merina me where going home do you wanna come? Merina: I'll chach up with Ya'll later. Starley: Ok well were see you at home. Merina: Grew up in a small town And when the rain would fall down I'd just stare out my window Dreaming of what could be And if I'd end up happy I would pray (I would pray) Trying hard to reach out But when I tried to speak out Felt like no one could hear me Wanted to belong here But something felt so wrong here So I prayed I could break away [Chorus:] I'll spread my wings and I'll learn how to fly I'll do what it takes til' I touch the sky And I'll make a wish Take a chance Make a change And breakaway Out of the darkness and into the sun But I won't forget all the ones that I love I'll take a risk Take a chance Make a change And breakaway Wanna feel the warm breeze Sleep under a palm tree Feel the rush of the ocean Get onboard a fast train Travel on a jet plane, far away (I will) And breakaway [Chorus:] I'll spread my wings and I'll learn how to fly I'll do what it takes til' I touch the sky And I'll make a wish Take a chance Make a change And breakaway Out of the darkness and into the sun But I won't forget all the ones that I love I'll take a risk Take a chance Make a change And breakaway [Chorus] Buildings with a hundred floors Swinging around revolving doors Maybe I don't know where they'll take me but Gotta keep moving on, moving on Fly away, breakaway I'll spread my wings And I'll learn how to fly Though it's not easy to tell you goodbye I gotta take a risk Take a chance Make a change And breakaway Out of the darkness and into the sun But I won't forget the place I come from I gotta take a risk Take a chance Make a change And breakaway, breakaway, breakaway Starley: Hey Merina how you feel Merina: I should have never came here! Starley: No Merina dont say that. Merina: But if i never came here then nonthing would HAVE HAPPEN TO MY BEST FRIEND IAN! Starley: Merina clome down. where just going throw a hard time that all and i promes it will get better. Merina: Well Ok The End. ","Summary":" Facts Of Life: Twist Ending Merina: Good morning Glinda. Glinda: Good morning Merina. What time is "},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Facts Of Life: The Other Me!","Author":"kudizmcfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9686900","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Facts Of Life: The Other Me! Later That Night Ian: Hay Quenya you can Sleep in my bed with me. Quenya: Ok!? Ian: So I hope I'm not being to forward but would you like to be my boyfriend ? Quenya: Whoo!... Ian: Shhhhh you'll wake up Andersen. So? Quenya: I don't know Ian. Ian: Come on you know you like that kiss. Quenya: Well maybe... a little. Ian: Quenya you know you want to be my boyfriend just as bad as I want to be yours. Quenya: Ok yes I want you I want you badly! Ian: So is that a yes boyfriend? Quenya: Of course it is boyfriend. Ian: Great now lets get some sleep. The Next Morning at Breakfast Andery: Merina what are you doing on the computer? Merina: I'm ordering me some shampoo. Andery: Why ? Merina: Because I haven't washed my hair in over 3 years. Andery: Ewwwwww! Merina: Yeah! Ian: Quenya you can sit next to me. Quenya: Ok Andersen: So Merina do I still have to wash the dishes. Merina: Of course your Punishment is not over yet! Andersen: Why did I even try and... what are you too doting?! Ian: Oh we were just un... thumb westing. Andersen: Ok? Quenya: Can be and Ian be excuse please? Merina: All right Quenya: Ian we need to be more careful of what we do together. Ian: Why? Does it matter if they find out. Quenya::Yes so promise me when were around are friends were only act like friends deal. Ian: Deal. The Next Day Nock Nock Nock Leigh: I'll get it. Hello Mailman: A packes delivery to a Merina Cobyjack. Leigh: I'll Give it to her. Mailman: Ok have a nice day. Leigh: Hay Merina you got a packes Merina: Oh good its my shampoo. I'm going to go wash my hair right now. Leigh: Ok? Merina: Ok so first I coom the shampoo through my hair. Ok done now let me get my bloo dryer. Suddenly a big light flash in the bathroom and a human girl suddenly appears. Melinda: Hi Merina: ( shock ) Oh my god what happen. Melinda: Well lets see this is not shampoo it a liquid that can cluen people. Merina: And how do you know that!? Melinda: Well dun im nit stupid. I read it right off the bottle. Merina: Oh god what I'm I going to do... I know I'll call you Melinda and were tell people that your just a look alike. Melinda: Ok Merina: Now please go but on some clothes! Melinda: Ok, Ok! Merina: Well you might as well met my friends. Melinda: Really Merina: Come on. Starley: Hi Merina and... who is this? Melinda: Hi I'm Melinda and I'm Merina's friend. Starley: Friend ? well she looks just like you. Merina: Yeah ok? Ian: Oh Quenya is it just great. Quenya: Yeah I know. Hay lets go see if its time to eat. Ian: Ok but first... ( Ian kissed Quenya ) Quenya: Or maybe later. Melinda: Merina Maybe we should tell them that I'm just a clone of you. Merina: No lets just wait. Melinda: Ok fine. But they going to find out eventually. Leigh, Andery: Dinner time! Merina: Come on Melinda lets go eat. Melinda: Ok Anderson: Hay where's Quenya and Ian? Starley: Yeah I haven't seen them all day! Andersen: I'll go get them. Ian, Quenya time to eat. Ian: Hay do you here anything? Quenya: Nope, Not a thing! Ian: Ok then. Andersen: Ian, Quenya didn't you hear me I said its time to... Oh my god what are you two doing?! And I want the truth! Quenya: Ok fine! The truth is me and Ian are dating. Andersen: Dating?! That means you two... Ian: That's right me and Quenya are. Oh and please promise not to tell the girls. Andersen: You know what its y'all problem if y'all want to tell them its y'all chose not mine. Now. put your clothes on and come eat! Andersen: Where here. Melinda: finally I'm starveing. Merina: Ian, Quenya I like y'all to meat Melinda. Ian: Hi Melinda, I'm Ian Quenya: H Melinda I'm Quenya Melinda: Hi Quenya and Ian. Merina: Well Melinda I think its time for you to go home... Leigh: Now hold on their Merina. Melinda you have been a great house guest and its our honor that you live with us. Melinda: Really?! Merina: Whop hold on a minute. I need to talk with Melinda. Melinda: Ok. what?! Merina: See if you stay I'm going to have to tell them. Melinda: So what? You are going to tell them tomorrow its the only... Merina: Melinda are you ok? You look pal white Melinda: I think I need to go to the hospital. Merina: Guys comes here Andery: What is it Merina? Melinda: Somethings wrong with Melinda I think we need to take her to the hospital. Andery: Ok everybody get in the car now we need to take Melinda to the hospital! Now! Melinda: Oh I feel weak... I... I... Merina: Don't worry Melinda were almost their. Starley: Hello doctors we need a doctors this girl is sick. Dr. Mayle: oh god lets take her Right away. Merina: Oh I hope Melinda be all right? Starley: don't worry Merina I'm sure she'll be fine. Dr. Mayle: Melinda. Merina: where Melinda's friends. Dr. Mayle: Well it turns out she was a clone so we had to give her a vile that would give a normal lifespand and she doing fine. But where going to keep her over night just to make sure. Leigh: Merina why didn't you tell us she was a clone of you?! Merina: Because I thought you guys would freak out. Starley: That don't matter. What's matters is that she's ok. Now lets go check on her. Merina: Melinda? Its us. Melinda: Hi Merina Merina: So how are doing ? Melinda: I'm good. Starley: Hay Merina its get late so where going to go home would you like to come. Merina: No thanks I'm going to spend the night with My sister Glinda. Glinda: Glinda... Hun... I like it. Starley: Ok I'll be by to pick Ya'll in the morning. Merina: Ok good night. The End ","Summary":" Facts Of Life: The Other Me! Later That Night Ian: Hay Quenya you can Sleep in my bed with me. Quen"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Bottled Wishes","Author":"Stephycats7785","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9735003","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Bottled Wishes Rating: T Pairings: Dylan/Anisa and mentions of Marnie/Ethan Summary: Just a drabble series about Dylan and Anisa. Disclaimer: I do not own anyone or anything from Halloween Town! Being a genie, wishes were something I understood better than most creatures. Like my ancestors before me, it was my job to fulfill the desires and dreams of others by granting wishes. Don't get me wrong because I loved making people happy, but sometimes it ended up becoming tedious and leaving much to be desired. After a while when I had to grant the same wishes over and over again even though some of them were downright silly, I started to wish I could have someone grant my desires for a change. Nobody ever took the time to ask what I wanted. No, they were much to busy to care about my feelings and only focused on getting what they wanted; not that I could blame them because deep down every living or undead creature had some selfish nature only most were better at hiding it than others. It was only natural to care about your wants and desires more than those around you; it wasn't something that could be helped and for that reason I did not hold any ill feelings towards them because it would make me a hypocrite since deep down sometimes I wanted to be selfish as well and simply focus on myself for a little while instead of others. Right now happened to be one of those times. For months now I had been interested in Dylan Cromwell yet I did not have the nerve to tell him how I felt. Dylan was not like his sister Marnie; while she loved being a witch and getting involved with the world of the supernatural, her brother made it very clear that while he may be a warlock all he wanted was a normal human life. The only reason he was even at Witch University was because his mother wouldn't let Marnie attend unless he agreed to go along as well to keep an eye on her. If Dylan had a choice in the matter he would have gone to some college in the human world. All he wanted was a normal human life and I was for from normal and definitely not human. I would never fit in to his world no matter how much I may want to. At least we were friends which was better than nothing. After everything with the Dominion, Dylan and I had started to hang out more often. At first I think it was because Marnie and I were friends so spending time together was kind of impossible not to do, but over time when we hung out Marnie was usually on a date with Ethan. Perhaps it was because we were both intellectual though I liked to think it was because he actually enjoyed my company as much as I enjoyed his. Just being around him make me smile for hours afterwards. In some ways I could relate to him in a way I couldn't with others. It's not something I can explain, but Dylan was the human version of me, if you wanted to look at it that way and yet at the same time we were exact opposites. For example, I always tried to see the positive side to every situation while he tended to see things in a more cynical light. Gah! I had to stop thinking about him all the time. Right now I had a break in between classes and I should be hanging out with my friends having a good time, but here I was sitting on the school steps sulking. If my mother were here right now, she would be telling me to stop acting like a baby and do whatever I needed to in order to get what I wanted, as long as it would not end up hurting someone; my family strongly detested violence of any kind. Anyways, she would be right. I was going to get up, find Dylan, and tell him how I felt. Even if he did not feel the same way at least I will have gotten it off my chest. Just as I stood up to go looking for him, he came around the corner and smiled, almost as if I had wished it to come true, but genies are unable to grant their own wishes and even if I could grant my own wishes, I wouldn't use one to make him like me. Messing with someones heart was unfair and cruel. Besides, I wanted him to like me for who I was and not because he had been forced to. If we were meant to be then it would happen naturally and if not, well maybe I would try my luck and make a wish on a shooting star. END AN: This just sort of popped in to my mind while I was watching Halloween Town and it will not be a full length story just a drabble series. If you want to see something happen though tell me in a review and I will work it in someone. Please R&R; like always! ","Summary":" Title: Bottled Wishes Rating: T Pairings: Dylan/Anisa and mentions of Marnie/Ethan Summary: Just a "},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Merina & Seely","Author":"kudizmcfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9907660","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Seely: Ok do you want to tell me what just happen back their? Merina: Well Starley and them dont care about me at all they all worryed about if i was leave or not to the point where Starley try to fool me into to thinkthing Ian was here so i would not leave. Seely: Oh Well im sorry. Merina: Its ok its not your falt i just hope i never see theme again. Seely: Oh Well Ok. now what do you want to do? Merina: Well I want to go see my parent for the first time in 8 years. Seely: Ok Well good luck. kock kock kock Mom: Why i dont believe Merina: Yeah i know its been 8 years but yeah its me Merina. are you mad Mom: Why no im just happy to see my baby. Merina: So's Were's dad. Mom: Oh uh Merina your father died of a heart attack 8 years ago. after you left Merina: WHAT!? Mom: I know im sorry. Merina whats wrong Merina: ( Crying ) its all my fult its just all my fult if i havent left Dad and Ian would both be alive. Mom: Oh now baby its not your falt it is not. Merina: Well Mom im not the same girl i was 8 years ago. Mom: Well what do you mean? Merina: The cousinal was right real people has not change and starley now apart of it. Mom: Well Merina im sorry to here that. Well what are you gonna do. Merina: Well i think im gonna move in with Seely and just get a fresh start. Mom: Ok but if you need anything you know where to find me. Merina: Ok mom see you later. Seely: So is everything ok? Merina: Now my dad died from a heart attack 8 years ago. Seely: Oh im sorry Merina Merina: Its ok you didnt know. Seely: Well lets just go home. Merina: Ok Seely: Well here we are my place. Merina: WOW theirs so much space! theirs no way you live. Seely: Well believe it because i do. knock knock knock Merina: I'll get it. ( gasp ) Maya is that you?! Maya: Yeah its me Merina. Merina we all thought you died. Merina: No i just you know went to the real world. Maya: Well did you like it their. Merina: Well i did at first but then all the crazy stuff was happening and then my best friend dyed so i decieded it was not for me so i came home not knowing that my dad has been dead for the past 8 years. Maya: Oh well im sorry to hear that. Merina: Its ok its all my fault anyway Maya: Well why do say that. Merina: If i have never left my dad and my best friend would not have died... Seely: And you would have never met Quenya, Starley, Andery, Leigh, Anderson and Glinda. Merina: Oh them the devils kids Seely: Oh no you dint Merina. you must have for got about your sister Glinda. Merina: Oh... well i dont think she would have anything to do with me. Maya: Well Merina all things has conqueses some are good and some are bad but you are just gonna have to make the best of it. Merina: Ok Maya. Maya: Well i got to go so bye. Seely, Merina: Bye Merina: Well i guess she's right. its not my flult that they died. im just gonna have to make the best of it. Seely: Ok Knock Knock Knock Merina: Who's at the door now. I'll get it. Glinda: Suprise! Merina: OH MY GOD GLINDA! WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE!? Glinda: Well 5 seconds after you left i thought i dint want to leave you so i ask Starley to open the portal and here i am. Merina: Well Glinda you can stay. Glinda: Ok well i was thinking maybe we can go out to get you out of your funk. Merina: Ok Lets try? The End ","Summary":" Seely: Ok do you want to tell me what just happen back their? Merina: Well Starley and them dont ca"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Divergent","Author":"The Mome Raths Outgrabe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10783723","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Halloweentown. Sequel to Absence. \"You're kidding me.\" Marie said incredulously staring at Luke. But who could blame her after the news that Luke had just laid on her. \"Marnie you know that me and my Dad don't exactly get along-\"she interrupted. \"But you're going to school in the mortal world!\" Marnie shouted. She had always just assumed that they would both be in Halloweentown. \"Well my Dad isn't paying for school and unlike you I didn't get a scholarship.\" he said his hands folded over his chest defensively. Today he was wearing a blue shirt that had a black boo written on it that clashed horribly with his flamboyant orange hair, along with jeans. \"Then work through school like I was planning to.\" Marnie insisted. \"Yeah except most people despite all the years since it's happened still see me as the wiener dude or the guy who was helping Kalabar. I've tried to get jobs here it never really works out.\" \"You never told me that.\" Marnie said softly. Luke rolled his eyes like it didn't matter but Marnie knew Luke good enough and knew that it still stung. \"Besides in the mortal world. I'll get a new start, no one will know what I did here.\" \"You mean how you helped me take down Kalabar and his son Kal.\" Marnie mentioned. Luke granted her a small smile. \"You'd have to wear a mask all the time.\" Marnie said still trying to dissuade him. \"You had no problem with that when I was going to be part of your student exchange.\" Luke pointed out. \"Well that was because your were going to be with me.\" he looked at her with a knowing smile and she shrugged. \"Okay so I wanted to spend my freshman year at college with my best friend in the same town. Is that such a terrible thing?\" he put his hand on shoulder. \"No\" he said with a shake of his head \"it's not.\" \"So where are you going?\" Marnie said grudgingly accepting the fact that Luke wasn't going to be in Halloweentown like she had planned. She had already accepted the scholarship. Maybe she should have waited to accept it until after she had talked to Luke. Would it have made a difference? ..maybe...but probably not, she had wanted to go to Witch University ever since she had heard of it's existence. She made her way onto his bed and laid down staring at the ceiling. Luke's room was always changing color, which was mostly her doing since if she did it no one had to paint it or pay money. Luke just showed her an example of the color he wanted for his room. Usually something from the forest that was near his woods, like a twig or a leaf. During the fall it always looked amazing, bright oranges and reds and yellows. Marnie realized that she wasn't going to see it this fall because he was going to be going to the mortal world. After a moment the weight of the bed shifted and she knew without looking that Luke was also lying on his bed. She could feel his warmth and it made her calm down a little bit. \"Wisconsin.\" he said and it took Marnie a minute to backtrack the conversation and realized he was answering her question. Marnie screwed up her face in confusion. \"Wisconsin? You do know it's cold there, don't you?\" \"Yes Marnie, I did do some research before decided to go there.\" Luke said sarcastically and Marnie shook her head and insisted. \"I didn't mean it like that.\" Luke sighed. \"I know, it's just this conversation isn't going the way I had planned.\" \"Me either.\" she admitted still looking at the ceiling it was easier to talk this way even though she knew Luke was right next to her if she didn't see his face. \"We'll write letters.\" Luke said hesitantly. Marnie shook her head. \"It won't be the same.\" She should feel strange with Luke in the same bed as her, if it were any other boy she would, but she didn't with Luke. She however brushed that thought away as soon as it came. Luke was her best friend and those kind of thoughts were dangerous. \"No it won't.\" he agreed with her. \"We don't even get Halloween off.\" he said regretfully. Marnie nodded well accustomed to the fact that Halloween in the mortal world was considered fun, but frivolous. Halloween here was much more respected. \"However we do get Thanksgiving off. Why is a tradition about food more important than another holiday about food?\" he asked sarcastically. Marnie had explained to him what Thanksgiving was, but in broad terms as well as what mortals thought about Halloween. She had focused more on the food than what the meaning behind it was supposed to be. \"Thanksgiving is supposed to be about family too. It's more a family holiday where you get together with distant relatives that you don't see any other time of the year, and no matter what you were fighting about yesterday it's suddenly shelved till the next day. Or at least it's supposed to be.\" Marnie said with a shrug, both she and her mother had a little bit of a hard time adhering to that unwritten rule they had in their house. Marnie turned to face Luke who was looking at the ceiling his expression blank. \"This year it will be nice because we'll all be there including Sophie.\" \"That sounds nice.\" was all he said. Marnie frowned as she realized what Luke was going to be doing. He wasn't close to his father so it was unlikely he would be coming home for the holidays, and his only other choice was to stay at school and watch all of his classmates leave for Thanksgiving. \"You're coming to my house.\" she said immediately. Luke looked up at surprised. \"What? No I can't intrude, it sounds like a family thing.\" he said. She shook her head. \"You're still coming.\" she said again. \"Marnie-\" he started but Marnie interrupted him. \"Luke you're my best friend, by now you are family.\" Luke opened his mouth again \"You have no choice, you might as well just accept it.\" she said to him. He closed his mouth and grinned. A/N: Thanks for reading please review and tell me what you think :) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Halloweentown. Sequel to Absence. \"You're kidding me.\" Marie said incredu"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Facts Of Life: Back To School","Author":"kudizmcfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9685715","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Facts Of Life: Back To School Anderson: So what happen the other day. Merina: Well Anderson its kinda hard to explain. You said that Mona said that you were a third that we were going to forget about you. Anderson: I cant believe I trusted that devil! Merina: Whooo! Leigh: Ya'll I just got off the phone with the school. They said that we have to come back to school starting tomorrow. Everyone: What Leigh: Im sorry schools orders. Ian: I really don't want to go to school. Audrey: Merina what do you think we should? Merina: Maybe we should just go back to school. Leigh: Ok then its Settle we are going back to school tomorrow. The Next Day Merina: Ok up and outhem we don't want to be late on our first day back to school. Ian: Ok Merina I'll be right down! Quenya I really dont want to go to school. Quenya: I know you don't... but we don't have a choice we have to go. Merina: If you boys don't come down here in ten seconds I'm comeing up their. Ian: We better get ready. At School Principle Dorus: Well welcome back to school Ya'll will be resumeing your normal classes. Leigh: Well I guess I 'll see Ya'll a lunch come on Andrey, Starley and Merina Ian: Well come on Quenya lets go to class. Quenya: Ok Leigh: ( Shocked ) Mr. Bellberry!? Mr. Bellberry: Oh hi girls welcome back. Oh and its looks like we have a new student. Starley: Hi I'm Starley and... Merina: Mr. Bellberry what happen to you? Mr. Bellberry: well after you aboned me I just came on home. Now girls please take your seats. Starley: I wonder if Quenya and Ian is doing any better. Ms. Walski: All right boys take your seats, mouth shut! Ian: (Talking to his self to Quenya ) Quenya she scares me! Quenya: ( Quenya talking to his self to Ian ) I know man. At lunch Ian: So how was class? Merina: Well at first we thought we were going to hate but I really like that class. Starley: Yeah Mr. Bellberry is really cool and he found a way to make Social Studies fun. Andrey: And we finish early he lets us have free time. Leigh: And since this is our first day back he gave us no home. Merina: So how was class for ya'll. Quenya: Oh Merina its was just alfowl. Ian: Ms. Walski found the best way to make math sound soooo boarding. Quenya: She dint give us ANY free time and she gave us homework on the first day back! Merina: Oh... well I'm sorry about. Ian: Merina I don't want to go to school can we please drop out? Andery: Oh Ian you must be tripping to think that we are going to drop out of school! Merina: And besides its only the first day. I'm sure I'll be better tomorrow. Quenya: God I hope so. At home.. Merina: ( Merina open the door and in shock to see Andersen sitting on the couch watching gravity falls ) Andersen why weren't you at school?! Andersen: Because I dint feel like going! Merina: You know what Mr. You just bought your self of 12 months of doing the dishes. And Ian and Quenya are going sure you come to school with us tomorrow! Oh and no dinner eather! Andersen: WHAT! Merina: Lazy people don't get to eat! Quenya: Dude you should had just came to school with us. The Next Morning Ian: Ok Andersen wake up its time for school. Andersen: ( moans ) Quenya: Whoo Andersen are you alright? Andersen: OF COURSE NOT IM TIRED AND HUNGRY! Ian: Hay Quenya lets just leave him alone and lets just do our job. Andery: Boys breakfast. Andersen: Oh breakfast I'm so hungry. ( Andersen eat really super fast. ) Leigh: Gosh Andersen take a breather. Ian: Andersen your makeing a mess! Merina: Well... not only you have all of our dishes to wash now you have to clean the table. And your not going any were intell they are both wash and I better see you at school! Andersen: Yes Mam At School Ms. Walski: Ok class this is a major test and it counts 100% of your grade and y'all better get an A! Oh and if just one person feil then the hole class has to come in a lunch! Everybody gets an A! At lunch Merina: Well that was a great movie. Leigh: Yeah. Hay where's Quenya and Ian. Andersen: Dint you hear their class got sinte in for lunch detention. Merina, Andrey, Leigh, Starley: What! Andersen: Yeah because of one person didn't get an A on a quiz. Its that not stupid? Merina: Yeah its is stupid! At home Merina: Ian, Quenya we need to talk. Ian: Ok about what ? Merina: About that tomorrow is our last day of school. Quenya, Ian: Really what made you change your mind!? Merina: Well me, Andersen and the girls talk talk about and... giveing the hole class lunch detention. Just because one person didn't get an A on a test that is like tottly crak-crak. Quenya: I'm sorry did you just say crak-crak? Merina Yes I did. Leigh, Andery: Dinner time! Merina: Come on you to lets go eat. Leigh: Ok Andersen your not going to make a mess again are you ? Andersen: No Leigh Merina: Ok now who's ready to watch gravity fall. Andersen: whop I am, i am! Merina: hold on their Andersen. Remember your still on punishment. So the sooner you start washing the dishes, the more time you have watch gravity falls. Andersen: Yes Merina The Next Morning Ian: Wake up guys today is our last and final day of school! Quenya: Oh hallelujah! Andersen: Ode To Joy! Andery: Well I'm going to mess Mr. Bellberrys class. Merina: I am too but this is for Ian and Quenya. Andery: Ok Merina: Ok time to go. Andersen All right I'll see Ya'll at school. Ms. Walski: Ok class test time. You know the drill. Ian: Ok Ms. Walski all I learn was how to take test. Ms. Walski: Shut up! And take your test! Quenya: Hay you cant talk to my friend like that. Ms. Walski: Yes I can I'm a grown up so I can do what ever I want and... what's with the smirk on your face!? Principal Drous: Ms. Walski your fire. Ms. Walski: Fine! I hate you stupid kids any. Ian: Quenya you did it ( Ian kissed Quenya ) Quenya: Whoo what was that!? Ian: Just something special. Quenya: So the principle came in and fired Ms. Walski. Merina: That's great. Ian: Yeah and the best part is we never have to see here again. The End ","Summary":" Facts Of Life: Back To School Anderson: So what happen the other day. Merina: Well Anderson its kin"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Memories","Author":"TexGleek15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12297286","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is in honor of Grandma Aggie (Debbie Reynolds). Here is Marnie's thoughts about her grandmother after her funeral. Disclaimer: I don't own Halloweentown Marnie walked down the path towards the lake on her grandmother's property. She had just come from her grandmother's burial in the family cemetery. Walking down to the end of the dock she sat down and dangled her feet over the edge before looking out over the water. She remembered coming out to the lake with Grandma Aggie when she was doing her witch training. She had a great deal of fun and adventures with her. Letting out a mix between a sob and a laugh, she remembered how she even started her witch's training. All that had happened with Kalabar, and the dissapearences. She smiled as she remembered her first broom ride, it was where she got her first official magic lesson. She remembered her mother being steaming mad about her and her siblings in Halloweentown. She was very lucky that Sophie had remembered the incantation that Grandma Aggie had said. She was also happy that she had met Luke, and that he turned out to not be such a big jerk. She rembered the next year with Kalabar's son wanting to take revenge. It was still a running joke in their family about when their mother had went on a date with a golem named Alex. She was really glad that they had been able to save the residents of Halloweentown, especially Luke. She still liked to joke with him about how he was during the grey spell. Benny was shocked when she described what he had been like and still makes jokes about it to this day. She couldn't help but let out another sob/laugh as she remembered when her grandmother taught at her high school. She was so stupid to have swore on her family's magic, luckily everything worked out in the end. She was happy that she had made all the friends that she'd made during that year when all of the monsters had come and stayed at her house. They had all come to the funeral and had all said some kind words about Grandma Aggie. Her first month at Witch U had definitely been interesting to say the least. The whole thing with the dominion and the Gift. She wasa glad that she had been able to help stop the diminion. She was glad that she had given the Gift to Dylan, she knew that he wouldn't do anything with it. Her whole romance with Ethan had been one of the best things that had happened to her. They were still together after all these years. It was so weird seeing her grandmother when she was her age and being back a thousand years in the past. She asked her grandmother if she remembered their meeting when she had returned. She had and they had a long talk about it, during the christmas holidays. They had spent it at her house in Halloweentown since she and Sophie had made it home in time for the holiday. She heard footsteps coming up behind her on the dock. Turning she saw it was Ethan coming up behind her. She scooched over to make room for him and watched as he sat down next to her. Looking over at her, he bumped his shoulder with her. \"Hey babe, I was wondering where you went to. You're mom told me about the lake and how much it meant to you,\" he explained. Nodding she pointed to the far side of the lake, \"After I joined Witch U, and Sophie's training was here more, I would join her and Soph for a picnic about once a week. I would tell her about college and Soph would tell me about her training. Occasionally Dylan would join us and so would our mom. It would be the one time a week where I would relax and have a fun. It had been awhile since I could feel like that back then. In truth it was the first time I'd felt normal in a very long time,\" \"You're not normal Marnie,\" he told her. \"What's that supposed to me?\" she questioned with a furrow in her brow. \"Just that you're you. You're unique. You don't take any crap from anybody, you see what you want and you go and take it,\" he complimented her. Smiling she put her head on his shoulder and grabbed his hand. They sat there for a few minutes, before Marnie decided that they had been out there long enough. Standing, she reached down for Ethan's hand before pulling him up and making the walk back to the house. They didn't speak as they walked back to the house, both thinking of the amazing woman that was Aggie Cromwell. I hope y'all liked it. Debbie Reynolds will be forever missed. ","Summary":" This is in honor of Grandma Aggie (Debbie Reynolds). Here is Marnie's thoughts about her grandmothe"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Facts Of Life","Author":"kudizmcfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9683707","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Facts Of Life One Day in the state of Tangline,New Mood Live a 14 Year old Girl named Merina she was golden pale with blond hair blue eyes. She was a Raper tomboy and she always wonders what the real world was like but facts of life rules the real world must not know about New Mood and she though that she was never going to see the real world tell one day that she will never forget. Merina: Mom may I please go see the real world. Mom: Merina we then told you time and time again that you can't go so would you please stop asking that! Merina: but it's not fair! Mom: Merina You'll understand when your older. Oh look here's Ian Maybe he can help you. Ian: Merina what's worng. Merina: I want to go see the real world but these stupid facts of life rules said's I can't. Ian: oh well I can't help you their and besides what's worng with new mood anyway. Merina: Theirs Nonthing worng with New Mood Ian I Just want To see the real world for crying out loud! Ian: hay you don't have to put all of your anger out at me! Merina: Am sorry Ian I just... Ian: I know I know you Just want to see the real world well anyways I got to go see you later. Merina: see you later Ian.(Merina thinking to herself) Facts of life rules I wish their was a way to get around it. Mom: I heard What you and Ian said and me And you father will decause it and if you badly want to go maybe just maybe Merina: Thank you mom!,Thank you! Later that day Mom: Honey what are we going to do our dother wants to go to the real world. Father: Well I don't know But... if she really wants to go then I guess it ok with me. Mom: Well I guess it's ok with me. Father: But wait what about the Coninel Mom: I'll go tell them tomorrow. The Next Day Merina: Hay Ian? Ian: Yes Merina? Merina: Do you think I'll ever go to the real world? Ian: oh not this again if you go that good if you don't it's all good to I don't care! Merina: Whoo! What does that mean! Ian: God Merina that's all you ever talk about I want to go to the real world! I mean give it a rest! Merina: IAN I THOUGH YOU WHERE MY FRIEND! Ian: I am but would you just please stop talking about it! Merina: YOU KNOW WHAT THATS IT! OUR FIND A WAY TO THE REAL WORLD MY SELF! Ian: Merina Wait! Oh no! what have I done! Merina: ( talking to her self) You know am starting to think Ian dint even care so you known what am going to fine a way to the real world my self! Hun.. what is that oh it's a well oh wind picking I better... oh no huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! A dust of magic and Merina landed in the sews Merina: What just happen? Merina pushing the swes cap Merina Oh my God Is this what I think it is wait it is this is the real world! Quenya: Hay are You ok? Merina: Yes I am thank you. Quenya: no problem by the way I'm Quenya. Merina: Am Merina. Quenya: your new here Hun? Merina: I guess you can say that. So where am I any way? Quenya: your in Easley, South Carolina. Merina: whoo! So where the toads Quenya: Toads? Am sorry Merina there's no toads in south Carolina. Merina: Oh ok. Solo Quenya What school do you go to? Quenya: Gettys Middle School but its my last year their then I'll be going to Easley high school. Leigh: Come on Quenya We got to go. Quenya: All right Leigh am comeing! Merina: Who's Leigh Quenya: She's One of my Classmates. Anyway I got to go. Merina: Hay can I come with you? Quenya: Ok. A short pusle Quenya: hay guys I like yall to met Merina. Leigh: Hi am Leigh. Andery: Hi am Andery. Andersen: Hi am Andersen. Merina: Well its Nice to meet you all! Mona: excuse me! Who are you! Merina: excuse me! Who do you think you talking to? Mona: Hun am talk to you am I?... what ever I got better stuff to do. Merina: Who was That Girl?! Andrey: That's Mona the diva of Gettys Middle School. Merina: Well she needs to watch her mouth! Mr. Bellberry: Good Morning Class Class: Good Morning Mr. Bellberry! Mr. Bellberry: Hun? I don't remember haveing a new Student. What's Your Name? Merina: Merina Mr. Bellberry: Ok well...Have a seat next to Andrey Merina: Yes Mr. Bellberry Back in New Mood Ian: Mr.,,Ms. Cobyjack! Mr.,Ms. Cobyjack! Ms. Cobyjack: Ian what's woring? Ian: its Merina She went to find the real World by herself! Ms. Cobyjack: What?! HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?! Ian: Me and Merina got in a fight and she wanted to find the real world on her own. Ms. Cobyjack: I'll go find her you stay here! Ian: Oh Merina am sorry I hope your ok. Back In Easley South Carolina Merina:( Talking to herself ) Whoo! The real world is aswersom. Leigh: Hay Merina where you from? Quenya: Yall! Merina: You want to know where am from?( talking to herself ) Remember facts of life. Remember Facts of Life. Merina: I lived in Hollywood. Quenya: Really?! Leigh: Wait your not lieing to us are you? Merina: Me lieing No way! Andery: Ok if you say so Quenya: Merina I think your lieing but if your telling the turth then I believe you. Merina:( In a Guilty Voice ) Oh Really? Quenya: You haven't given me a reason not to so if you say your from Hollywood I believe You. Merina: Ok Back In New Mood Ian: Man She been Gone for a long time... you know what she's my best friend and I am gonna go find her. So where could she be hay a well maybe she fell in the well I'll go look well I don't see her oh no wind oh am falling huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! What where am I is this the real world? Cause I think then don't worry Merina I am Comeing! Andery: Hay Merina? Merina: Yes Andery Andery: So how are you likeing Easley? Merina: Well it's so much different from where I am from. Leigh: Well it can be too much different because you use to live in Hollywood. Merina: Oh that's right. Mona: Well well well we meet again and look Who I found. Merina: IAN HOW DID YOU GET HERE! Ian: Well Funny story You see was I trying to look for you and I fell down a well and I ended up here anyways I was stell look for you and bump into this diva. Quenya: Hun? Merina who is this? Merina: All right I'll tell y'all I'm not really from Hollywood I'm from Tangline which it is In new Mood and this is my best friend Ian. Quenya: Merina why would you lie to us?!...Ok if though am soliloquy mad at you I forgive you. Andery, Andersen, Leigh: The same goes for us. Ian: Ok so Merina: we need to find a way back home your mom is wored sick about you! Merina: Oh right. Andersen: Where do we even bega Ian: hay I know may be we can use magic. Merina: Magic really?! Ian be for real. Quenya: hay that's not a bad idea Everybody eles: Hun?! Ian: Well we have to try it just might be our ont way to get home! Merina: all right let's try everybody hold hands and say it with me. Everybody: we want to go home so take us back to new mood. Andersen: It's working Merina: Comeone WE WANT TO GO HOME SO TAKE US BACK TO NEW MOOD! A Ghant Portal open. Quenya: Oh my God! Merina: We did it. Well come on! Andery: Whop this is like paradise in an all new world. Leigh: it is! Ms. Cobyjack: MERIAN COBYJACK WHERE HAVE YOU BEN?! AND IAN I TOLD YOU TO STAY AT THE HOUSE! MERIAN IAN YALL DISOBEY ME! Merina: What are you going to do to us. Ms. Cobyjack: Well I think the facts of life people would like to have a would with y'all... how did this portal get here! Merina: got to go come on yall (Ms. Cobyjack with an upset look) At the facts of life place Counal 1: Merina Cobyjack, Ian Williams y'all broke the number one rule in the new mood book... Merina: Wait before you say any more let me say this the real people have change their more friendly and respectful and more understanding and y'all are all Mean Jarks if y'all throw us in jall! Counal 1: you do have a point all right starting next October where give you intellect hollween to prove real people have change untell then you may go to and from the real world as please Merina: All thank you! You wont be sorry! Anderson: hay where's mona Merina: don't worry about her it's not like shes going to come In to new mood and but a spell on it or anything? Ian: God I hope not. Back in New Mood Mona: hay what is this so this is where she lives oh lookey here a spell book well let's see if I can find a spell in here evil laugh! The End ","Summary":" Facts Of Life One Day in the state of Tangline,New Mood Live a 14 Year old Girl named Merina she wa"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Real Steel: Firelight","Author":"JB Tarrant","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8463209","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Real Steel: Firelight Emma, Firelight, Jack, Rick, Henry, Rain Shadow, Jett, and Axon are mine. Story contains spoilers for the movie, if you haven't seen it, don't read it. I am going to be going between different POV's, so let's just get on with the story! This is my very first time writing for this fandom, so bear with me. This may or may not get better as I write it so please don't be mean to me if you don't like it. Read and review please! :D Disclaimer: I own nothing. \"You're not still working on that hunk of junk are you?\" Scowling, I looked up at the man that had spoken and replied, \"Yes, yes I am. What's it even matter to you, Jack?\" The man came closer and took a seat across from the huge metal form I've been working on as he said, \"Emma, I don't wanna break your sweet little heart, but this thing ain't ever gonna power up.\" \"Oh, I'd love to hear you say that once I get Firelight into the WRB,\" I growled, annoyed with the man as I diverted my attention back to the eight foot, seven inch robot I've spent so much time building. After a while of ignoring my dad's friend, he left out of frustration and giving up on trying to talk me out of making my own fighting robot. Leaning back from over the robot's open chest cavity, I wiped the sweat off my forehead and closed the piece of armor, reaching for the remote sitting beside me and climbed off the table before turning the robot on and jolting back as the robot's optics lit up and lifted it's head to look around before sitting upright and staring at me. At seeing Firelight online, I laughed and leaned back a bit to take in the light orange and yellow robot and made a face as the robot mimicked me and leaned back. \"Sweet! You work!\" I exclaimed happily, leaving the robot to go inside, turning back around at the sound of heavy metal footsteps against the cement floor as Firelight followed me to the door and into the house. Walking into the living room to see my dad, Rick, and his friends watching robot boxing on TV, I cleared my throat and the men looked over at me, beer coming out of Jack's nose at seeing the robot he said will never come online. \"His name is Firelight,\" I said proudly, glancing up at the robot, his blue optics looking slightly curious as they found and locked onto my blue grey eyes for a few moments. \"Can you get him a fight?\" \"Ain't you gonna train 'im 'fore you take 'im to a fight? I mean, you can't expect to win anything if ya ain't trained your robot, girl,\" Henry, another one of my dad's friends, asked, jerking his beer bottle in Firelight's direction. I mentally groaned at the one thing I made him to do and forgetting to train him for it though I just got him online ten minutes ago. \"Of course, I'm gonna train him! I just don't know anything about boxing,\" I said rather sheepishly for making something to do something I know nothing about. Glancing over their shoulders at the TV screen, I grinned broadly at the seven foot, six inch silver mech dancing in the middle of the ring with a young child and was sitting on the floor in an instant with Firelight in tow. Glancing over at the orange and yellow robot next to me, and seeing the unusually curious look in his optics (Firelight isn't supposed to show any kind of emotion and he is doing it anyway), I pointed to the screen and said, \"That's Atom, a G2 sparring bot that actually got into the big leagues. That's where we're going next once we get you trained and noticed by fight promoters.\" \"Where are we going when we get noticed?\" Everyone froze at the sudden question and all eyes fell on the giant metal titan at my side, eyes wide in disbelief. \"Firelight, was that you?\" I asked uncertainly, looking up to meet the gaze of the robot. He nodded and spoke again, the accent sounding oddly like John Wayne with the Southern drawl that tinged a baritone voice. \"Yes, I spoke. But you failed to answer MY question as to where we're going if we get noticed by these fight promoters you mentioned.\" \"World Robot Boxing; the big leagues, if you will. If you get the attention we're wanting, we could very well end up like Atom and his tiny trainer. I mean, come on, the kid found him under a pile of crap in the junkyard and you were built in my garage, put together with crap Radio Shack threw out as unsalable, car parts, and parts from the junkyard, so what difference is there between you two? If Atom can do this and get in the big leagues, so can we,\" I explained and the robot nodded his head in understanding. After a few hours of watching robot boxing and rubbing in the fact that Firelight came online in Jack's face, I got up and left for the garage with my fighting robot in tow. Picking up my cell phone, I called one of my friends that helped me create Firelight. \" 'Lo?\" came Jett's voice over the line. \"Hey, Jett, I need you to get your lazy butt over here and check out Firelight. He's talking and displaying emotions on his own,\" I said to the youth on the other end of the phone. \"That's great he came online, but I don't think he's really talking and showing emotions. The talking could probably be explained by you wiring some program into him and you didn't know its function and it was a sort of vocal program and the robot's utilizing it to communicate,\" the boy said, his tone suggesting cluelessness and curiosity. \"How would you explain the display of emotion from the time he cam online? He was showing curiosity about the fight on TV,\" I countered, getting silence from the boy. \"Alright, alright. I'll be over in a minute.\" \"You're the best, Jett!\" I said happily before disconnecting and turning to face the silent robot behind me. \"Jett?\" the 'bot questioned, jerking his head towards the phone on the table in the same manner Jack did when he was talking about him. Looking in the direction the robot kept jerking his head, I smiled and replied, \"Jett's a friend of mine. He helped get me parts to put you together.\" Finally after five minutes of waiting, my friend arrived. Jett is like me and sports tanned skin, dirty blonde hair, and green eyes. His shirt is white and covered in oil stains and his jeans sport holes on the knees, all bare footed and crazy, just the way he is. I greeted him with a hug and switched Firelight to manual control and sat him down for my friend to check him out. \"What do you think?\" I asked, watching the young man work from over his shoulder as he inspected Firelight's inner workings. \"It's unlike anything I've ever seen in a fighting robot before. I've worked on Twin Cities and Zeus before, but I have NEVER seen anything like Firelight's circuitry and wiring. You must have done something 'cause there's an interface port here to jack into anything like the Internet and download information to show artificial intelligence. I've seen some impressive stuff in famous fighting robots I've been hired to fix, but Firelight is in a league all his own with this crazy wiring you put in him,\" Jett answered, looking up at me with a smile. \"You never told me you worked on Zeus and Twin Cities! What else have you been hiding from me?\" I asked him, punching his shoulder playfully. \"Yeah, I worked on Ambush and Noisy Boy before, too. How do you like me now?\" he said, laughing before turning back to Firelight, who was making faces at us before going back to a smile. Now it's Jett's turn to make a face and say, \"That's interesting. When you said he was showing emotions, you weren't kidding. It's probably just pictures of faces with various expressions he downloaded off the Internet to learn how to read faces and know what they're feeling and he's trying it out for himself, showing artificial intelligence like I suggested on the phone earlier.\" \"Okay, before we proceed with the further inspection of my inner workings, are you going to dismantle me and correct these imperfections? I would prefer you left them alone as they make me quite unique among the other fighting robots . To be frank with you, I enjoy being able to talk and you understand me,\" the metal titan cut in, making us jump and Firelight issued a laugh that reverberated off the walls in the room and vibrated our bodies leaving a funny feeling in our ears when Firelight went silent, waiting for us to speak again. \"We never said we were going to 'fix' anything, Firelight. I just wanna know how you're talking at all when all the other robots don't,\" I reassured, patting the yellow detailed armor plating beneath his chest plating. This seemed to relax the stiffness in the robot's chassis as Firelight shuttered his optics and issued his version of a sigh of relief as the robot expelled hot air through his vents. \"I gotta get going. Mom will kill me if I'm late for dinner again,\" Jett said as he wiped his hands clean and left. \"Okay, now that that's done, you and I have work to do tomorrow, so power down until I come get you. Be ready, 'cause we need to get on your training if we're gonna get into the WRB,\" I said as I opened the port on his back and plugging the recharge hose into him, turning him off for the night.[Chapter 2] (Firelight's POV) Coming online in the dark room, I looked down at my creator and cocked my head to the side incredulously at her smiling face. The internal clock in my processor told me it's 11:46 at night and made me wonder why she would bring me out of recharge at this ungodly hour. \"Emma, what are you doing?\" I asked, watching as she typed in commands and I unconsciously began following them, rising to my full height and walking out the garage door behind the girl. \"We're going for a run,\" Emma announced as we walked down the street. \"At this time of night?\" I asked her, trying to override the remote's commands as she continued pushing buttons and giving me commands. \"Sure, why not? Besides, we need to begin your training as soon as we can. The sooner we get started, the sooner we can start fighting, and the sooner we get into the WRB,\" Emma said happily, looking up at me before holding up the remote to show me the screen with the words 'Shadow Mode' written on it. \"Check this out. Boop,\" the girl said, pressing it and I immediately began mirroring her as she put her hands in front of her face and wiggled her fingers. As the hours passed, we pressed further and further into learning combat moves and stances. \"Bring your fists up! Left hook, right hook, and kick,\" Emma instructed as we put up our fists, punched, leaned back and kicked at an invisible opponent. \"Again,\" she said, repeating the movements for the tenth time since she started teaching me these moves. \"Faster, faster,\" she instructed and I obediently started going faster. \"What in the world are you doing?\" Rick's voice rang out over Emma's drilling, prompting a pause in the new moves she's teaching me. \"Hey, Dad,\" the youth greeted cheerily, wiping sweat off her forehead and I did the same as I continued mirroring the girl as she went to interact with her male creator. \"How long have you two been doing this? Were you out here all night?\" \"… Yes. Since 11:46 last night.\" At this, Rick slapped his head and said, \"I realize you want to train…\" \"Firelight,\" I interjected, looking over my shoulder as Emma did to look at me before turning back to the man. \"I realize you want to train Firelight and get into the big leagues, but I seriously doubt he would survive in there. I also don't like you deciding to start training at THAT ungodly hour. Come on, now, Red, I know you keep outlandish hours, but that doesn't mean Firelight has to either,\" he continued, and I mentally took a picture of my creator's reaction from the unusual look on her face to flinging a few unladylike words at him for equally unusual things he does before turning back to me. \"Do you have anything you'd like to add?\" she asked, glowering at me. For the sake of staying online, I shook my head and she smiled. \"Good. Where were we?\" \"Left hook, right hook, kick.\" \"You know what? Let's try something new since we've been doing the same thing for twenty minutes now, so watch me and do it yourself,\" Emma said, before giving an invisible enemy a left hook right uppercut, a back flip and connecting her foot with her 'opponent's' face, and upon touching the ground, dropping to the ground and kicking her leg out in one swift motion and jumped to her feet an instant later. \"You got all that, big guy?\" she asked, jumping back as I repeated the motion with enough speed to make Emma look like she was doing it in slow motion. Rising back to my full height over her, I mimicked what she had called a smile and replied, \"Got it.\" \"Don't get smart, Firelight,\" Emma chided, shaking her head before sitting on the ground and watching me as I did the same and spread my legs out in front of me. As we sat in the silence, I reviewed the moves, both offensive and defensive, Emma taught me and the recent things I logged into my memory banks, the one thing I kept coming back to was the special name Emma's father called her. Red, I repeated to myself, glancing over at the human to take in her physical characteristics and attire from the girl's blue grey colored eyes, sun kissed skin that abruptly went to a porcelain color part way down her upper arms, the off-colored skin very much noticeable as she favored a black tank top over yesterday's WRB T-shirt, grey camouflage cargo pants, and combat boots. Looking up at the mass of auburn curls on her head, I guessed it's for the girl's hair as I absentmindedly reached over and stroked her head gently, getting her to lean into my touch and make a 'mmm' sound in pleasure of the feeling. \"You know, Firelight,\" she said softly, looking up at me, \"if we get into the big leagues, I'll do something special for you. What that special something is, that's up to you though.\" I thought over the possibilities of things I could as of her before something came to mind. \"I want a female.\" A stifled giggle. \"You want a what?\" she asked, unable to keep a smile off her face. \"I want a female companion like I've seen so many human males have,\" I reiterated slowly to her, pointing to the street to a couple walking down the sidewalk like they don't have a care in the world, lost in each other's company. \"We'll see, Firelight. But, don't expect to get her the moment you get in the WRB,\" she consented, still giggling at my request but I could care less what she thought of the request because I was going to get what I wanted.[Chapter 3] (Firelight's POV) As the months passed and summer turned to fall and fall turned to winter, the training got more and more intense as she studied every form of combat and taught it to me. The more she shows me demonstrates I have that much more to learn from the human and from what it looks like, she's very pleased with my progress. I can tell from the cold weather that she's slowing down a bit and she's highly displeased with the change in temperature. (Emma's POV) At hearing the phone ring, I jolted out of my sleep and grabbed the thin glowing piece of glass and looked at the caller ID: Jett. \"It's your nickel, so start talking,\" I mumbled. \"I got Firelight a fight this Saturday at The Junction, so you're welcome,\" came Jett's triumphant voice, prompting me to push aside all thoughts of going back to sleep and say, \"Are you serious?! You got him a fight?\" \"Oh, yeah, he's going against the main event: Axon. But with everything you taught him, I'd say he'd be fine,\" came the reply. \"You're the best, Jett! I would kiss you if you told me in person!\" I exclaimed excitedly. When there was no reply, I called my friend's name a few times before hanging up and getting out of bed and running to the garage to tell Firelight the news. (Jett's POV) I should've waited to tell her in person if I'd have known she was going to kiss me! Oh, well. I'm so going to hold this against her and get that kiss from her at the fight on Saturday. Coming out of recharge at the outlandish hour of midnight, I mimicked the expression that Emma had called a scowl and asked, \"What on Earth are you doing booting me up at THIS hour? If it's training, can it wait till later?\" \"It's not that, big guy,\" the youth said happily. \"Oh? What is so important you have to tell me now?\" I replied irritatedly, watching as she looked around as if making sure that someone isn't eavesdropping on what she's about to say. \"Your first fight is this Saturday at The Junction downtown. My friend Jett helped me get it for you,\" she said happily, patting my thigh affectionately. \"Seriously? I was beginning to think you'd never say those words,\" I answered, getting excited myself. \"Seriously. I'm gonna give you a day to relax before the fight on Saturday,\" she said proudly, before plugging me back in and bidding me good night. \"I was just so excited I had to tell you now, so don't be mad at me,\" she said, flipping the switch to turn me off again. (Emma's POV) Waking up hours later after telling Firelight he's going to participate in his first fight tomorrow, I kicked off the covers and headed for the kitchen. Sitting down in my usual place at the table near the window over looking the backyard, I glanced into the living room to find Firelight sitting on the floor watching the TV. \"Hey, Dad, did you happen to activate Firelight?\" I asked, watching as the eight foot tall robot got up and walked down the hallway, possibly going to investigate the rest of the house. \"I thought you did. He was in here watching 'Spongebob' when I walked in here. When I looked in your room, I figured you activated him in your sleep and went to lay back down,\" Dad replied, setting a plate full of eggs, bacon, and pancakes in front of me. I shook my head and said, \"I activated him at midnight to tell him we're going to our first fight tomorrow and he can take a break from training today.\" \"I activated myself,\" came Firelight's baritone voice as he appeared from my bedroom and immediately came to my side. \"You did? You're just full of surprises, ain't ya?\" I said, patting his arm before pulling my phone out of my pocket to call my crazy friend down the street. \"You realize just because you keep unusual hours, it doesn't mean I do, too,\" Jett groaned sleepily in the phone. \"Jett, this is important,\" I scolded, getting a yawn before he mumbled an incoherent response. \"Firelight is bringing himself out of recharge.\" \"What?\" \"Yeah. I thought Dad did it and he thought I did it, come to find out Firelight is able to bring himself out of recharge if he wants to.\" \"I'll come to check it out later, just not NOW,\" Jett consented before abruptly disconnecting the line. \"How did you do that anyway?\" I asked, looking up at the robot. \"You didn't put the recharge plug in good enough and it fell out at six o' clock this morning,\" the robot replied curtly. \"I swear I put it in good enough. I had the cord all the way in,\" I responded, making a face at the robot's words. After waiting an hour, Jett finally arrived, greeting me with a smile on his face. \"You owe me,\" he said as he opened the plating on Firelight's back to begin working. \"What do I owe you?\" I asked him curiously, wondering what exactly I owed him. \"A kiss,\" he replied, looking up at me with a smile on his face. A kiss?! I blushed, prompting a curious look from Firelight and Jett's smile to broaden. \"You wanna do it now?\" he asked me, getting up and leaning closer to me. I leaned in a little and shied away as Jett tried to close the last few inches of air that separated our lips. \"I can't do it,\" I blurted, pulling away from Jett and walking into the house and straight for my room, Jett hot on my heels. \"Why can't you do it, Emma?\" the boy asked, sitting down next to me on the bed. \"I've never kissed anyone before, Jett. I just don't know what it would be like,\" I said sheepishly, looking away from Jett's questioning eyes. \"Hey, you know what?\" Jett asked suddenly, getting me to look over at my friend only to get his lips pressed to my own. We parted after a few seconds and stared at the person we shared our first kiss with. \"What was that about you can't kiss me?\" Jett asked, laughing lightly. I scowled at this and turned away. \"Y-you're a terrible person! You can't blame me that I've never kissed someone before!\" I stuttered angrily, getting up and throwing a rolled up piece of paper at him. Picking it off the floor, he unrolled it and asked, \"What is this?\" \"That's Firelight's special request for when he gets into the WRB. He wanted a lady 'bot to keep him company in the back of the truck on the road to his matches,\" I replied, blushing when Jett teased, \"Firelight wants a lady friend to bang up? I'm gonna have to sit down and have a talk with him about women.\" (Firelight's POV) A few minutes after Emma and Jett ran inside, Jett came back out. \"What was that?\" I questioned, watching as the human dragged a chair up to me and sat down. \"That was nothing', big guy. Now how about you take a seat and we have a talk. Man-to-man… er, man-to-'bot,\" he said, chuckling before taking on a serious tone and said, \"You know it's come to my attention that you've developed a liking to the opposite sex.\" Oh, boy, here we go, I mused, not exactly paying much attention to him, only taking note of things I should be careful of and things she would appreciate from me. Coming out of recharge the next day, Emma and Jett took me outside and loaded me into the back of a truck and closed me inside. It was a good while later that they let me out and lead me into a brightly lit room packed with people cheering for their fighters. \"Good morning, all you crazies that managed to get your asses out to The Junction!\" the announcer shouted into the microphone as he stepped into the ring. \"Today, we've got a 'bot participating in his first fight, Firelight!\" The lights flashed, soon landing on me. \"That's our cue. Keep a straight face and don't talk until we're alone. Don't want to have people know you're more than what they expect, get people tryin' to take you from me if they knew you could talk,\" she whispered, leading me up to the ring in the middle of the room. \"And against the main event, the undefeatable champion, Axon!\" the announcer shouted again and the lights roved to the other side of the room and landing on a seven foot tall Army green and black 'bot moving calmly to the ring and stood in the opposite corner facing me. \"What's up? How you doin'?\" I greeted, using the first language I knew right off the bat before downloading English so my trainer would understand me. The smaller robot froze and cocked his head to the side before saying, \"You're serious this is your first fight? Ever? Good luck, because when I'm done with you, you'll be lucky to walk out of this ring still completely intact.\" I knew he was play threatening me and I uttered a mechanical grinding sound in my version of a growl. At the sound of the bell, Axon came on me, crashing a fist into my arm in a blocked effort to get my face. I returned to the attack and backhanded him, sending him toppling backwards across the ring, stopping short of falling out of the ring. \"Sorry about that! I don't know what that girl was thinking when she wired me like this,\" I said desperately as Emma controlled me to gang up on the smaller 'bot and drop low to the ground and kick his legs out from under him. \"Where on Earth did you learn to do any of that?!\" Axon shrieked, getting up and pummeling me to the ground and landing a punch to my face. \"Talk to Emma! She wired me with who knows what so I can actually speak her language!\" I grunted, tossing him to the side and delivered a roundhouse kick to the jaw, sending Axon flying into the crowd. The bell sounded, signaling the end of the match and returned to the corner at the command of the remote. \"That was awesome! You did great!\" Emma said, working to fix what had been damaged. \"Don't touch that,\" I muttered, subtly covering my right arm, now adorned with a dent from Axon's fist. A few minutes later, my new opponent entered the room and Emma squealed with delight at the sight of the robot on TV. \"What's Atom doing here?\" I whispered, my voice hardly audible over the wild cheering of the crowd. Emma shrugged but turned her attention to the man as he paid her for me winning the fight. \"Cool robot,\" a young voice said, getting me to look around a moment before looking down to the child that arrived with Atom. \"Thanks. Say hello, Firelight,\" Emma replied, and I raised my hand a moment before dropping it to my side. \"Hi!\" a cheerful voice said, turning my attention to the silver mech. I responded by jutting my chin in acknowledgement, cocking my head to the side when the smaller 'bot mimicked me. \"Shadow Mode, nice. I got one of those, too,\" I said, appraising him before a grown man came to stand in front of me and said, \"You actually pieced him together? We found Atom under a pile of crap in a junkyard.\" \"What are you doing here? I thought you were a professional boxer,\" I questioned, to which Atom laughed and said, \"Yeah, but Charlie just wanted to stop and let Max run around for a while. Apparently, I somehow got roped into one of the matches going against some 'bot after he gets done with Axon.\" I laughed lightly at the 'bot and said, \"That would be me. You just missed me kicking him into the crowd!\" \"Well, it sounds like I'm gonna have my hands full with you. Good luck!\" Atom said before he was led away by his humans. It was many hours later that we left the structure to head home only to get caught by a man standing by our truck. \"You Firelight's trainer?\" he asked, looking at me from over his sunglasses. \"Yep, that's me,\" Emma replied casually. \"Well, then I match for you. Thursday night at Crash Palace. Five thousand per match, twenty thousand if he wins,\" he said, handing Emma a piece of paper before walking away. \"I don't like him,\" I said, watching the man as he left. \"I know you don't but we got you another match. Be happy you're getting back in the ring in a few days,\" Emma said, opening the back of the truck so I could climb in. (Emma's POV) Arriving back home after a couple hours of driving, I left Jett to unload Firelight as I ran inside the house. \"Hey, Red, how was the fight?\" Dad asked, catching me in a hug. \"We won! We even got to put a couple dents in Atom during his surprise visit!\" I cried happily, turning to watch Firelight walk into the room. \"I also acquired my first battle scar and I steadfastly refuse to have it fixed,\" the robot said, rubbing the dent carefully before making his way to the garage. \"Oh, and we were invited to Crash Palace in Texas for our next fight! Can we go, Dad? Please?\" I begged as the man thought over it carefully before saying, \"You're not going alone. Crash Palace is an underground fighting circuit, so I guess I'll be coming along with you next week.\" \"Yes!\" ","Summary":" Real Steel: Firelight Emma, Firelight, Jack, Rick, Henry, Rain Shadow, Jett, and Axon are mine. Sto"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Absence","Author":"The Mome Raths Outgrabe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9609800","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Halloweentown. Summary: My explanation of why Luke wasn't in Halloweentown High. \"You lied to me.\" Marnie said softly and not accusingly. She had come over there to rant and rave and tell him all about she could have used his help with the whole school fiasco, but had immediately let it go when Benny had told her on the cab ride over what had happened. One of the only times she hadn't seen Benny laughing and telling bad jokes. She and Luke were sitting on a wooden bench on Luke's porch. Luke didn't look up from his lap which he was staring at. He was wearing very plain clothes for Halloweentown standards. Just a simple black shirt and black jeans in fact if not for the flamboyantly bright red hair and that fact that his face was a little different he would have fit in well in the mortal wold. \"I know.\" Luke answered still not looking up from his jeans. She was referring to the fact that Luke had agreed to be part of the Halloweentown exchange program since he already knew her and to make it easier for her. She had been looking forward to being able to be with him more often. After the portal was left open the two of them had become best friends, he was the only one outside her family that really understood her. She didn't have to edit out her magic, or her fights with her mother, brother or sister. He had also told her about his family as well about his arguments with his sister Cathy (although they argued a lot less frequently then she and her sibling did) who was two years older then him and always was getting recognized for her beauty. He had been jealous of the attention his parents gave his sister for her beauty which was why he originally made the deal with the shadow creature that turned out to be Kalabar. \"Why didn't you tell me?\" Marnie asked, she thought that if something like this were to happen that Luke would have gotten a witch to contact her first thing. Instead of sending a message to her that said that he changed his mind and didn't want to go anymore. Luke still didn't look at her and it was starting to annoy her, she took a deep breath now was not the time to let the Cromwelll temper fly. Luke shrugged. \"You bet your magic, I didn't want to distract you\" Marnie closed her eyes and took a deep breath even as he was hurting, he wanted to protect her. \"Luke that's.\" she started. \"Marnie I don't want to talk about it.\" Luke said. Marnie tilted his head up so that Luke was staring into her eyes. He looked sad, no devastated. \"Have you talked to anyone about this?\" Marnie wondered aloud. Luke looked away again to the left since Marnie was still holding up his head. She took that as a no. Marnie felt tears gather in her eyes for her friend, he had been dealing with this alone for the past nearly 3 months. She closed her eyes not wanting to cry, when she had to help her friend. \"Cathy is in college, and Dad...Dad works a lot.\" Marnie flung her arms around her friend and she was glad when she found his arms wrapping around her, she hoped he found comfort in it after three months of dealing with this tragedy nearly alone. Soon though Luke broke the hug and got up from the bench. Marnie followed immediately as he made his way into the woods that were near his house. A lot of goblins and sprites lived near the woods they found something very calming about them. Marnie knew these woods well from all the times she had come and seen him in the last 2 years. She found something calming about them as well, but that came more from experience then genetics which was where Luke got his calming experience from. She absently noted the leave which crunched underfoot and the leaves that remained above were the autumn colors or yellow, orange, and brown. The fading sun was sinking slowly into the horizon in a few hours it would be dark. She fingered in her long black coat the miniaturized present she bought Luke nervously, which was why she had had to take a cab in the first place. She had bought it for his birthday, which he was supposed to have spent with her since it had been September 15th. She had already bought him a better present, but she had decided in her anger that she wasn't going to the give him the present she bought him, because he hadn't come like he had promised he would. Now faced with what she knew, she felt very petty. She wasn't sure if now was the right time for this present though. They walked for nearly 20 minutes before Luke stopped again. Marnie looked around with a small smile this was their place, for lack of better way to describe it. Luke liked to walk around the woods for hours; Marnie after one too many times doing that put her foot down and said she wouldn't do that anymore. So they compromised, Marnie made an area of the forest suitable for sitting and they hung out and talked here. However Luke wasn't sitting, Marnie smile disappeared remembering why. Marnie sat down on one of the benches she had put there years ago and sat down waiting for Luke to look at her or to talk. After nearly 10 minutes Luke sat down as well, but on another bench which slightly offset from the bench she had sat down on, meaning that she could only see half of his face. It hurt her so much to see him like this. As much as it hurt, she knew that in order to get through to her friend she would have to talk from experience and that meant she was going to have to talk about her Dad. Just the thought of talking to Luke about her Dad made her wince, but Luke was her best friend. If it meant a little pain for her to make her best friend feel better she would do it. She closed her eyes and reminded herself not use the words I know how you feel. She had hated when people said it her after her father had died, because no one but herself knew how she felt. She had always been a Daddy's girl back when her father had been alive; he had always been lenient on the magic thing. She wasn't sure whether or not he knew about her mother's powers, but whenever they were alone, just he two of them he let her talk about magic, and goblins and witches as much as she wanted to. She smiled softly for a moment before remembering that she was supposed to be comforting Luke in his time of need. She wasn't really sure how to go about it. She then remembered it was her mother who had comforted her after her father's death. Her mother had also comforted her siblings too, even though she had to have reeling from the death herself. She really had to thank her about that...later right now she had to say something comforting. Which she couldn't do from afar, she got up from her bench and went over to sit next to Luke, the best thing she could do for Luke was to be there with him. She grabbed his hands in hers. \"Luke.\" he looked away from her. \"Marnie don't.\" Luke said his voice trembling. \"You're my best friend Luke.\" Marnie said her eyes tearing up again. Luke shook his head, but Marnie could see his shoulder shaking, he was crying. She wished that Luke would just let her help him instead of trying to remain stoic. \"Luke, it's okay to cry.\" Luke shook his head. \"It is.\" Marnie insisted through her tears. \"Everybody doing it.\" Marnie said with a small laugh. Luke moved his head and she saw the tears rolling down his checks. Marnie wondered in the three months since she had seen him whether or not he had cried at all; she hugged him tightly as he cried. The sky turned slowly from the pink and orange and plummeted into black before Marnie reluctantly disentangled herself from Luke. She wished she could stay the night so that Luke wouldn't have to be alone, but she knew that her mom would never go for that. Goblin or mortal her mom had a strict no co-ed sleepover rule. \"I have to go.\" she said reluctantly, she really wished that she could stay especially since the look that passed over Luke's face. \"I promise I'll be back tomorrow.\" Luke nodded and turned away again. It would take awhile before Luke got back to himself, but he was her best friend and she would be there for him every single step of the way. She made her way up from the bench and pulled at Luke's hand. \"Let me walk you back to your house before I go.\" Luke nodded and let her pull him up, although it was mostly Luke pushing himself onto his feet. However once Luke got to his feet he didn't let go of her hand, Marnie didn't either. It was well past sunset and while she could find her way through the woods okay during the day, at night she was hopeless. Luke used her hand to lead her silently through the woods. She hadn't been paying attention on the way there to anything but Luke, on the way back she heard distant hooting and howling in the woods. She kept most of her attention on her feet though so she didn't take the two of them down. She saw in the distance Luke's house, she didn't need to hold Luke's hand anymore but she still didn't let go. Luke was in a delicate state of mind and since she couldn't stay with him, the least she could do was give him something to hold onto at least for a few moments more. The closer they got Luke's house the more she thought about Luke's family. According to Luke his father hadn't really been around and his sister hadn't been either. No matter what the problem or how many fights her family had, they were still her family, she knew that if it ever came down to it her family had her back. She only wished that Luke's family was the same way with him. In fact the last time she had been at Luke's house, they all seemed like they were four strangers who happened to live underneath the same roof. Only Luke's mom had been trying ever since Luke had told her about aligning himself with Kalabar to be more approachable and understanding. Now she was gone. She just hoped that she would be enough. They were there in front of his house now. The windows were all covered but she could s still see light shining from the house through most of the windows. Luke's Dad was in there, part of Marnie wanted to give him a part of her mind. However she doubted right now that that was the best move to make at the moment, especially in anger. Luke turned to face her and Marnie smiled at him. Luke was such a sweet goblin, he didn't deserve this. \"I'll see you tomorrow.\" Luke shrugged noncommittally like it didn't matter to him one or the other whether or not she came, but she knew her friend, knew that he was sad to see her go and she was sad to go as well. Marnie pulled Luke in for one last hug for the night and they stayed that way for several moment before they pulled apart. \"Bye Marnie.\" Luke said. \"Bye Luke.\" Luke nodded and started heading up the well worn rickety brown wooden steps up to his house, Marnie watched until Luke faded away from view. Her eyes started watering again but this time Marnie stubbornly refused to let them fall. She had to get home, she had to bring him his real present tomorrow and hopefully that would help him feel better. She walked a little ways away, called up the portal and went to the other side into her backyard. The tears stubbornly stayed in her eyes. A light flicked on illuminating the back yard and a sliding door opened to reveal her mom standing arms crossed in front of her. \"You're late.\" She said angrily, Marnie didn't care though. Her mom had been there throughout her father's death and she hadn't paid it any attention, because she just thought that's what parents were supposed to do. She only appreciated it now when she saw how Luke's Dad hadn't done the same. She ran the distance between the two of them and hugged her mother tightly for several seconds. Her tears trailing down her face again. She broke the hug and just stared at her mother who stared at her. \"Marnie what was that for?\" she noticed the tears trailing down her face and lifted her finger to lightly graze her check concerned \"Are you crying? Are you okay?\" \"Thank you Mom, for always been there for me especially after Dad's death.\" she could tell that her mom had no idea why she was saying these things, but she could tell that she was touched by the tears that started in her eyes. \"You're welcome honey...What happened?\" her mom asked having figured out something must have happened in Halloweentown. Marnie shook her head and sobbed. \"It was so terrible mom.\" and spent the next little while telling her Mom all about the events of the day. Review Please :) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Halloweentown. Summary: My explanation of why Luke wasn't in Halloweentown "},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Facts Of Life 3: Mona Returns Part 2","Author":"kudizmcfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9684438","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Facts Of Life 3: Mona Returns Part 2 Merina: Wait I don't understand you exploded! Mona: You though I did but I was able to regain human form. Merina: How could that even happen its impossible! Mona: Oh Merina has anybody told you that anything can happen? Merina: *sigh* Yes Mona Mona: Now Anderson take her away! Merina: No someone help, help! Starley, Ian: Merina! Merina: Oh I'm so glad to see Ya'll! Mona: Not so fast she is bog going any ware and neather is Ya'll not going anywere theirs someone I like for Ya'll to meet. Starley: Anderson boy am I'm glad to see you. Merina: STARLEY WATCH OUT! Starley: Hay what the... Anderson what are you doing? Merina: Its Mona she somehow brain wash him! Mona: That's right I brain wash him! Leigh: But why!? Mona: So I can take over the world! Merina: But why? Mona:BECAUSE OF YOU MERINA! Starley: Merina? Merina: Me? what did I ever do to you? Mona: Your parents that's what! Merina: What does my parents got to do with anything? Mona: Your parents destroy my parents the day I was born. So I literary had to take care of myself! Merina: Mona what ever my parents did please don't take out on me. Mona: Whatever just get them out of my site Anderson! Anderson: Yes Master. Merina: Wait Anderson stop its us your friends. Anderson: I only obay Mona. Merina: Oh no! Everyone: owwww! Ian: Great thanks a lot Merina! Merina: Ok how is this my fault? Audrey: Yeah I mean she dint even know the poor girl. Ian: Sorry I'm just ma... Merina what's wrong? Merina: Your right it is my fault I should have never came here! Quenya: Hay lets not have any regrets. Remember when we first met. You were a different girl back then. That girl wouldn't even have the guts to fight a monster like Mona. Starley: He's right you now have guts and bravery. Merina: You really think so? Quenya, Starley: Yeah. Ian: And Merina I liked to say I'm sorry for the way I been acting lately I should have never underestimate you. Merina: Its ok Ian I for give you I just like to know how the heck are we going to get out of here? Leigh: Ok even if we do get out how are we going to save Anderson. Merina: Oh that's right... uh... I don't know. Starley? Starley: I don't think I can help us out of this one. Merina: Are you serious? Starley: Very serious. Merina: No this can not be over I'm mean we will create a spell. Starley: But Merina not have never been done before. Not even by me! Merina: Oh yes it has because I open a portal between the real world and New Mood. So lets give it a try. Starley: Ok Merina lets do it. Merina, Starley: Big medal door that lock us in open up, open up! Ian: Its working! Merina: Come on Starley louder! Merina, Starley: Big medal door that lock us in open up, open up! Merina: One more time! Merina, Starley: Big medal door that lock us in open up, open up! Starley: Merina we did it we really did it! Merina: Yeah now its time to same Anderson and destroy Mona one and for all! Mona: Good job Anderson keep this up and you just might get promoted. Anderson: Yes Mona Merina: Ok Mona this ends now! Mona: You! Well I thought you have more brains then to show up here again. Anyway Anderson you know what to do. Anderson: Yes Mona Merina: Whoop Anderson snap out of it. Its me Merina! Anderson: Mona said I'm just the third wheel. Merina: What!? Anderson: She said that y'all don't even noticed me. Merina: No Anderson its not true. We are not going to forget about you your not a third wheel. Anderson: Wait... Merina? Merina: Yes Its me. Mona: Thats it I had it with you! Lets settle this once and for all. Merina: Ok then lets go. Mona: What are you going to spell me away. Merina: No something better. Mona: Oh no what is this. Oh no! Merina: Say bye-bye forever! Mona: bye-bye... uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Merina: And go redious! Starley: Whooo! What did you do? Merina: I send her to hell where she belongs. Anderson: Ok can anyone explain to me what just happen. Merina: I'll eplain to you tomorrow. Right now lets just go home. The End ","Summary":" Facts Of Life 3: Mona Returns Part 2 Merina: Wait I don't understand you exploded! Mona: You though"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Facts Of Life 2: Mona's Revenge ( Right Story )","Author":"Quenya McField","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9397600","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One Year Later Andery: Well Merina are you ready? Merina: Well I guess so? Quenya: You know I cant believe it all ready been a year. Andersen: I know. The bell chimed Leigh: Well Merina it's time. Merina: ok I'll see y'all later. Ian: Good luck Merina! At the counsel Counsel 1: Well Merina it's time you have excelly intell hollween night to prove that real people have change and if you do well break the facts of life rules for good. And your friends can't help you so... I'll send you Starley to help you? Oh Starley . Oh their she is. Starley: Hi am Starley Merina: Hi am Merina well Come on Starley here we go. Starley: So How are we going to get their. Merina: The portal is over their. Starley: well then let's get going. Merina and Starley walk Through the portal. Starley: whooo! I never seen anything like this! Merina: Well where Should we start? Starley: Well you are right Merina: Right about what?! Starley Well the real people have changed. Merina: I Know Starley: So where are we going to start Merina: Hay theirs Mr. Bellberry lets go talk to him. Hay Mr. Bellberry Mr. Bellberry: Hi Merina so what do you want. Merina: I want to know do you know any thing about new mood. Mr. Bellberry: What... well I guess so, so here I go Merina new mood use to be a place of hate pain and sarrow. Merina: what no it's not.. her I'll show you. Starley let's open the portal. Merina and Starley open the portal and Merina Starley and Mr. Bellberry went in. Merina: (In Shock) What Happen! It this some kind of joke! Mr. Bellberry: See I told yall Merina:('In anger) MR BELLBERRY NOT NOW! Starley: Who could have done something like this? Merina: I don't know... oh no! My friend I hope their not infected by this spell. Starley: Ok lets not get to upset. Undoing spell is easy all you have to do is say the spell in Revere Merina: Ok But we don't know the spell... hay wait do you have your spell book? Straley: No I lost it. Merina: You lost it! man what are we going to do now... oh no Andery, Leigh, Anderson, Quenya and oh no not Ian!( Merina Runing ) Straley: Merina Where your going! Merina: I'm going to see if they ok! Starley: Merina I'm Coming!? Back At the house Merina: Oh No! Ian: Hi Merina. ( in a Rude. Nasty way) Nice of you to come back!? Merina: Well that was kinda Rude and nasty! Ian: And your point is! Merina: It Must be this spell. Andery: ( Rude Saisy and nasty way) Why did you come back!? Merina: Oh man don't worry I'm going to fix this. Leigh: ( Rode and Nasty way ) Why did you come back! Starley: (walking in the door) Merina: Starley thank god they all have a Nash and rode attued. Starley: Ok, ok so lets just go back and come and see if anything change. Merina Ok lets try it! A short Pause Starley: Hay wait the portal is close! Merina: Wait its all adding up now, some one knew that we would back and check on our friends and waile we was gone they close it. Its a trap! Mona: Good job Merina your chacheing up well. Merina: Mona?! Mona: Over here Merina: Mona you did all, this but why?! Mona: Well I guess I inharted my anster hate of the Cobyjack. Starley: Wait but that would mean you are... Mona: A wizard first to be in the new world Merina: That's It I want to know why you did this right now! Mona: your anster Merina: My anster?! Mona: Yes your anster almost derored all of my anster but if it wasiet for my great grandfather I would have never been born. Merina: But what's that got to do with me? Mona: then later your parents destroyed my parents and then we had to we had to hide likes rats in another demison while those humans rule the world and only that your parents turns every one aguest my family and then destroyed them! Merina: So that's What this is all about Revenge. Starley: But how do you know this spell its in MY book! Mona: Oh a year ago I found a spell book near the portal. Merina: Mona Just go away be gone! Mona Gone Starley: So Merina what are we going to do. Merina: Well lets just go back to the house and see if you have a second spell book. Starley: Ok then. Lets go Back at the house Merina: Ok so is it this one? Starley: No Merina: This One? Starley: No Merina: What about this one!? Starley: No Merina: Well I give up! Starley: Hey how did my spell book got their anyway? Merina: I don't know? A Short Pause Starley: I got it!, Time Travel Merina: You know a time travel spell? Starley: yes hold my hand. Travela! They go throw a time vortex Merina: Hay this was a year ago but the spell is not their. Starley: Wait somethings not right here? Every thing is just like today! Merina: Wait we never gone back in time. Mona appears Mona: Good job Merina your chaching on good. Merina: Mona what did you do?! Mona: oh it's just a simple interfered spell, I can teach it to you Merina: I'm Not inserted in ANY of your kind of magic all you do is distory. Mona: Well you think about it and catch you later. Starley: Great that din't work so what are we going to do. Merina: Well we have to try I mean their got to be someting to get us our of this trip a... Magic Noise Merina And Starley runs back to the house Merina: ( Surprised ) Oh My y'all back. Quenya: Merina What happen and Who is she? Merina: Ok Quenya their's no time to explain but right now we need to stop Mona. So who got a plan.? Anderson: I do why don't we come up with a spell like we did last time... un Merina Merina: Starley what's happen Starley: Its the spell It must affected me now that we are in New Mood. It might come after you. Mona Appears Mona: Good so its working. Merina: All should have known the interfered spell this you been spying on us this hole time. Mona: Oh Your get used to it. Merina: You know what Mona lets settle this one and for all. Mona: Al right fine have it your way! Merina: Trapa! Mona Rippled and then got biger Merina: SHE GOT BIGER! Quenya: Come on lets help Merina guys Merina and friends Hold hand and hand Quenya: Ready hit it Everyone: TRAPA! Mona Rippled Harder and got even biger Quenya: Come On again! Everyone: TRAPA! Mona Rippled Very hard and grow another head Quenya: COME ON ONE MORE TIME! Everyone: TRAPA! Mona Rippled the hardest of all and explode! Merina: Ok we did it but what about Starley. Andery: I got this. Tripa! Starley Restored to her normal self. Starley: Ya'll did it y'all restored me and Andery figer out the spell tripa so I'm going to restored new mood wille you go to the counal Merina: Oh no the counal I almost for got I got to Andery: Ok At the Counal Your Counal I have to say... Counal 1: Merina you don't have to say any thing we say the hole thing and we diecied that facts of life rule is borken. Merina: Thank you, Thank you! Starley: We heard the hole thing, Congratulation! Merina: Thank you Anderson: Yell now were able to go to both worlds as please. The End ","Summary":" One Year Later Andery: Well Merina are you ready? Merina: Well I guess so? Quenya: You know I cant "},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Facts Of Life: A New Change","Author":"kudizmcfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9854686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Facts Of Life: A New Change The next Morning. Glinda: Good morning Merina. Are you ok? Merina: No, No im not i just lost my best friend so no im not Ok. Glinda: Oh Merina im sorry. Merina: its ok Glinda i just need you to be strong for me. no since of both of us here cry is it? Glinda: No Seely: Glinda can i talk to Merina alone please. Glinda: sure Seely. Merina: Seely if your gonna ask if we should get back together my answer is still no! Seely: its not that? Merina: then What? Seely: i was think... im going home soon and i was thinking maybe you can move in with me. Merina: Are you serious? Seely: now if you dont i understand. Merina: Well i dont know Seely i'll have to think about it? Seely: Ok you think about it and give me your answer later. Oh and merina. Merina: Yes Seely. Seely: I know things may look bad now but it will get better. Merina: Well you always know how to make me feel better thanks. Seely: Your Welcome. Starley: Merina how you feeling. Merina: Ok well i been think and maybe its time for a change. Starley: Well should i call a family metting. Merina: Yes i think its time. Starley: Ok family metting!, family metting! well Merina has something she wants to say soo... Merina: Well i been think and Seely ask me to move back home with him so yes Seely i will move back home with you. Seely: You will!? Glinda: WHAT! Starley: Now Merina i hope your just kidding?! Merina: WHAT! NO! this is something that i really want to down. Now that Ian is dead theirs nothing to hold be back here. Starley: Merina noting has to hold you here you can live a happy life here with your friends and sister! Merina: Well Starley im sorry but its time for a chance and their no since of being somewhere where im gonna be unhappy all the time right? Starley: Well i guess your right? Glinda: WOW Merina i cant believe your really leaveing. Merina: i know its hard right now but i think this is whats best for all of us. Quenya: WOW Merina when did so become so wise. Merina: i really dont know i guess i reaslize life is not all that i dreamed it would be. Andery: So Seely when are you and Merina leaveing. Merina: Given that yall wanna spin time with her were be leveing next week. Quenya: Buts todays Friday!? Seely: Well im sorry. Starley: No its ok were make the best of this last 3 days together. Merina: Ok. Starley so Merina what do you want to do. Merina: Well maybe we can go the mall. Starley: Well then ok lets go. Quenya: Ok I'll get the car ready. Glinda: Now Merina are you sure you want to do yes. Merina: YES like i said theirs nonthing to hold me back here! now lets go. At The mall Quenya: Well im going to the game room. Merina: Ok Quenya Starley: Come onn Merina theirs something i want to show you Merina: Ok? what is it. Starley: IAN BACK HES BACK Merina: What that's not funny Starley! Starley: What do you Mean? Merina: I Mean that is not Ian thats just a guy who looks like Ian. Starley: Oh Sorry Merina. Merina: Ok now i dont know if you did that if you dont want me to go or your just being mean Starley: Excuse ME!? Merina: Oh You heard me you just did that because you want me to say.! Starley: Merina it was an honest mistake! Merina: Now Merina an honest mistake is locking your keys in the car an honest mistake is brakeing something you dint mean to pretending someones here when their not is not a mistake! Starley: Merina Im Sorry. Merina: No your not, you dont understand how important Ian was to me. No All you care about All you Quenya, Glinda, Leigh and Andery care about is me leaveing or not! Starley: MERINA THAT NOT TRUE! Merina: Oh really just go away Starley i never want to see you or Quenya Or Glinda or Andery Or Leigh ever again! Starley: MERINA! Merina: Seely i want to go home. Seely: What? Merina: I WANT TO GO HOME NOW! Seely: Ok i'll open the portal? ok portal open lets. Starley: Merina Wait dont go?! Merina: Bye Starley! Glinda: Starley What happen? Starley: Merina and me got in a fight and she said she never want to see any of us again. and she went home. Quenya: Well i just hope she's happy in her home town. ","Summary":" Facts Of Life: A New Change The next Morning. Glinda: Good morning Merina. Are you ok? Merina: No, "},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Facts Of Life 3: Mona Returns Part 1","Author":"kudizmcfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9683735","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Facts of Life Mona Returns Part 1 Quenya: Hey Merina so what happen. Merina: Oh It was Mona and she put a spell on New Mood and Everything was black and white and boring and y'all all had a mean and nasty adttude. Anderson: All this happen! what about the facts of life rule? Starley: They saw everything and they never bother to help! Leigh: Ok... But why? Merina: I don't! Know ? Andery: Mabybe they dint wont to get fected by the spell. Merina: Maybe? Starley: Hay Merina Do you think Mona will come back. Merina: What Why would she come back she exploded. Starley: Hay things can happen. A black blur and mona regain human forme. Mona: Oh Merina you mess with the wrong girl. Andery: Ok so what do you want to now. Anderson: I don't know about you but I'm going outside for some fresh air. Merina: All Right Anderson. Mona: Look at them talking have a great time it just make me sick! Now here my chance. Hi Anderson! Anderson: Hay your that Mona girl! You tryed to destored Merina! Mona: I know and I'm sorry about that. Anderson: And what do you want. Mona: Anderson don't you feel like your the third wheel of Merina, Starley, Quenya, Andery and Leigh? Anderson: Well... no not really. Mona: Come on Anderson I mean really you may think your not a third but soon they are going to forget all about like your a third wheel. Anderson: Well maybe you are right... I guess? Mona: Just think about it. Anderson: You know your right I'm becomeing a third wheel. Mona: Just come with me. Anderson: Why? Mona: Does it matter? Anderson: YES! Mona: Ok then. Well the reason I want you to come with me is because I can make you feel better. Anderson: Well since you put it that way.. yes I'll go! Merina: Are you sure Anderson Ok he been outside for a long time. Ian: I'm sure he's Ok Merina. Merina: You sure Ian maybe I should just check outside just to make sure he ok. Ian: Ok Merina. Merina: Anderson... Anderson are you out here? Ok Anderson I'm not playing where are you!? Oh No! Ya'll Anderson is Missing! Ian: What? Merina: Anderson is Missing. Starley: How could this happen? Andery: Maybe it was Mona. Merina: don't be redules Mona exploded. Andery: At this point Merina anything can happen. Merina: But really... Mona? Starley: Merina just think about it? Merina: No you know what I'm going to find him on my own with or with out Ya'll! Ian: What just happen? Starley: Really?... Really Ian... I mean... Really! Andery: We should go after her. Quenya: Ya'll come on Ya'll lets go. Merina: Anderson were are you? Anderson were could you be?! Anderson: I'm right over here! Merina: Anderson I'm so glad to see you... wha... What are you doing. Anderson: APART! Merina: What in the world I'm going gray! Wait something not right here Anderson would never do this? That means... Mona: That's right Merina I'm back! To Be Contured ","Summary":" Facts of Life Mona Returns Part 1 Quenya: Hey Merina so what happen. Merina: Oh It was Mona and she"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Facts Of life 2: Mona's Revenge","Author":"kudizmcfield","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9683724","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Facts Of Life 2: Mona's Revenge One Year Later Andery: Well Merina are you ready? Merina: Well I guess so? Quenya: You know I cant believe it all ready been a year. Andersen: I know. The bell chimed Leigh: Well Merina it's time. Merina: ok I'll see y'all later. Ian: Good luck Merina! At the counsel Counsel 1: Well Merina it's time you have excelly intell hollween night to prove that real people have change and if you do well break the facts of life rules for good. And your friends can't help you so... I'll send you Starley to help you? Oh Starley . Oh their she is. Starley: Hi am Starley Merina: Hi am Merina well Come on Starley here we go. Starley: So How are we going to get their. Merina: The portal is over their. Starley: well then let's get going. Merina and Starley walk Through the portal. Starley: whooo! I never seen anything like this! Merina: Well where Should we start? Starley: Well you are right Merina: Right about what?! Starley Well the real people have changed. Merina: I Know Starley: So where are we going to start Merina: Hay theirs Mr. Bellberry lets go talk to him. Hay Mr. Bellberry Mr. Bellberry: Hi Merina so what do you want. Merina: I want to know do you know any thing about new mood. Mr. Bellberry: What... well I guess so, so here I go Merina new mood use to be a place of hate pain and sarrow. Merina: what no it's not.. her I'll show you. Starley let's open the portal. Merina and Starley open the portal and Merina Starley and Mr. Bellberry went in. Merina: (In Shock) What Happen! It this some kind of joke! Mr. Bellberry: See I told yall Merina:('In anger) MR BELLBERRY NOT NOW! Starley: Who could have done something like this? Merina: I don't know... oh no! My friend I hope their not infected by this spell. Starley: Ok lets not get to upset. Undoing spell is easy all you have to do is say the spell in Revere Merina: Ok But we don't know the spell... hay wait do you have your spell book? Straley: No I lost it. Merina: You lost it! man what are we going to do now... oh no Andery, Leigh, Anderson, Quenya and oh no not Ian!( Merina Runing ) Straley: Merina Where your going! Merina: I'm going to see if they ok! Starley: Merina I'm Coming!? Back At the house Merina: Oh No! Ian: Hi Merina. ( in a Rude. Nasty way) Nice of you to come back!? Merina: Well that was kinda Rude and nasty! Ian: And your point is! Merina: It Must be this spell. Andery: ( Rude Saisy and nasty way) Why did you come back!? Merina: Oh man don't worry I'm going to fix this. Leigh: ( Rode and Nasty way ) Why did you come back! Starley: (walking in the door) Merina: Starley thank god they all have a Nash and rode attued. Starley: Ok, ok so lets just go back and come and see if anything change. Merina Ok lets try it! A short Pause Starley: Hay wait the portal is close! Merina: Wait its all adding up now, some one knew that we would back and check on our friends and waile we was gone they close it. Its a trap! Mona: Good job Merina your chacheing up well. Merina: Mona?! Mona: Over here Merina: Mona you did all, this but why?! Mona: Well I guess I inharted my anster hate of the Cobyjack. Starley: Wait but that would mean you are... Mona: A wizard first to be in the new world Merina: That's It I want to know why you did this right now! Mona: your anster Merina: My anster?! Mona: Yes your anster almost derored all of my anster but if it wasiet for my great grandfather I would have never been born. Merina: But what's that got to do with me? Mona: then later your parents destroyed my parents and then we had to we had to hide likes rats in another demison while those humans rule the world and only that your parents turns every one aguest my family and then destroyed them! Merina: So that's What this is all about Revenge. Starley: But how do you know this spell its in MY book! Mona: Oh a year ago I found a spell book near the portal. Merina: Mona Just go away be gone! Mona Gone Starley: So Merina what are we going to do. Merina: Well lets just go back to the house and see if you have a second spell book. Starley: Ok then. Lets go Back at the house Merina: Ok so is it this one? Starley: No Merina: This One? Starley: No Merina: What about this one!? Starley: No Merina: Well I give up! Starley: Hey how did my spell book got their anyway? Merina: I don't know? A Short Pause Starley: I got it!, Time Travel Merina: You know a time travel spell? Starley: yes hold my hand. Travela! They go throw a time vortex Merina: Hay this was a year ago but the spell is not their. Starley: Wait somethings not right here? Every thing is just like today! Merina: Wait we never gone back in time. Mona appears Mona: Good job Merina your chaching on good. Merina: Mona what did you do?! Mona: oh it's just a simple interfered spell, I can teach it to you Merina: I'm Not inserted in ANY of your kind of magic all you do is distory. Mona: Well you think about it and catch you later. Starley: Great that din't work so what are we going to do. Merina: Well we have to try I mean their got to be someting to get us our of this trip a... Magic Noise Merina And Starley runs back to the house Merina: ( Surprised ) Oh My y'all back. Quenya: Merina What happen and Who is she? Merina: Ok Quenya their's no time to explain but right now we need to stop Mona. So who got a plan.? Anderson: I do why don't we come up with a spell like we did last time... un Merina Merina: Starley what's happen Starley: Its the spell It must affected me now that we are in New Mood. It might come after you. Mona Appears Mona: Good so its working. Merina: All should have known the interfered spell this you been spying on us this hole time. Mona: Oh Your get used to it. Merina: You know what Mona lets settle this one and for all. Mona: Al right fine have it your way! Merina: Trapa! Mona Rippled and then got biger Merina: SHE GOT BIGER! Quenya: Come on lets help Merina guys Merina and friends Hold hand and hand Quenya: Ready hit it Everyone: TRAPA! Mona Rippled Harder and got even biger Quenya: Come On again! Everyone: TRAPA! Mona Rippled Very hard and grow another head Quenya: COME ON ONE MORE TIME! Everyone: TRAPA! Mona Rippled the hardest of all and explode! Merina: Ok we did it but what about Starley. Andery: I got this. Tripa! Starley Restored to her normal self. Starley: Ya'll did it y'all restored me and Andery figer out the spell tripa so I'm going to restored new mood wille you go to the counal Merina: Oh no the counal I almost for got I got to Andery: Ok At the Counal Your Counal I have to say... Counal 1: Merina you don't have to say any thing we say the hole thing and we diecied that facts of life rule is borken. Merina: Thank you, Thank you! Starley: We heard the hole thing, Congratulation! Merina: Thank you Anderson: Yell now were able to go to both worlds as please. The End ","Summary":" Facts Of Life 2: Mona's Revenge One Year Later Andery: Well Merina are you ready? Merina: Well I gu"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"A Magnet in Love","Author":"Lostinawhisper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12537602","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Pretty Light It was a rather calm night and Lizzy's Wondrous Creations was getting ready to close for the day. However, before it could a new and late arrival wandered in. It was a female desk lamp, that looked very similar to Lampy, but she's was ocean blue in color with a sky blue light for her nose. Little did anyone know, that this was that famous lamp's sister, and she soon caught the eye of a certain orange giant magnet. Executor soon saw her when she was shining her blue light around, trying to see where she was. Already he was dazzled by her beauty in the dead of night. He lowered his head to greet the stranger that was stealing his 'heart'. The giant magnet cleared his throat and started talking like a gentlemen to her. \"Pardon me miss, but it appears you need a place to stay for the evening.\" He caught her off guard, causing her to shriek, but soon answered him afterwards \"That would be nice, thank you, mr….\" she trailed off \"Executor, pleasure to meet your acquaintance, my lady.\" He responded with a charming look in his eyes \"Oh my, with a name like that, you sure are nice, big boy.\" The blue lamp responded \"I'm Ocean Moon, nice to meet you.\" \"Oh I didn't used to be, but I am nice now, dear Ocean Moon.\" Executor told her, the continued \"You missed the chance to stay in my mistress's house for she had just gone to sleep, but you can stay out here with me if you wish.\" \"Oh Executor, that would be nice, but I actually don't need to rest that much.\" Ocean Moon responded Executor, being that he doesn't need too much rest either, came up with an idea to get more romantic with her. The giant magnet lowered his head, looking her deep in the eyes and magnetized her to his nose. \"Then let us dance in the night my dear.\" He replied in the most charming voice he could muster with his low voice Ocean Moon managed to move her cord and plug so it be on the side of his nose, as if she were trying to hold him \"I'd love too.\" She told him, looking him deep in the eyes with a smile on her face Executor the used the built in radio in his main crane body area to start playing really romantic sounding music and moved so it felt like he was slow dancing her. Even though they just met, the lamp and the magnet were falling deeply in love with each other as they danced. However, one heard the music and saw a stranger on her father's nose as they danced. It was Sweetie and she was highly confused, but she decided to wait until morning to get some answers from them. To be continued…. Thank you B;ue Rasberry Ametrine for the amaing cover image![Chapter 2] A Daughter Does Not Approve It was morning and Executor let Ocean Moon down so she was on the ground after the two of them danced through the night. Ocean Moon then hoped over to where Elizabeth's house is, taking one last look at Executor, sighing, obviously showing she was deeply in love with the surprisingly romantic magnet. The way she saw him now in the sunlight, it revealed that he was truly handsome to her too. She then continued to move towards the house. Executor was still singing as he was about to get to work. Before he could though, Sweetie stood right in his way, glaring at him. He was confused, she NEVER glared at him or anyone, at least not that he knew off. \"Daddy, we need to talk NOW!\" she snapped, her voice sounding unusually angry \"What about, my daughter?\" Executor asked, still confused \"Oh I don't know, a pretty face that you don't even know comes in and you're already trying to woo her? You barely know her and probably don't know who she really is!\" Sweetie told him \"Oh her, that's Ocean Moon and yes I have feelings for her, but like you're any different with Phil, Sweetie?\" Executor asked, trying to get her back so she's understand \"That's different! At least I knew who he was when I rebuilt the parts shop, so I knew what I was getting in to!\" Sweetie snapped \"This lamp is a total stranger who we have no clue about. I'm just concerned father. I don't want her to get to you, then possibly hurt you.\" \"Don't worry about me, Sweetie, but you're right, I'll get to know her and you should too, with you being my only daughter.\" Executor responded, lightly nuzzling his daughter \"After all, I feel like just me raising you to be the best girl you can be won't be enough. I do think you need a mother, another lady you can possibly relate with. Maybe you'll get to liking her too, my baby.\" Sweetie looked away feeling a little guilty and looked away. Executor saw that she felt bad and had the neck of his crane go over hers to hug her. \"I promise Sweetie, just because I may be getting married here, doesn't mean I won't leave you out.\" Executor told her in a calm voice, like he used when he first met her and adopted her \"I'm your father and I love you, Sweetie.\" \"I love you too, dad, that's why I worried for you.\" Sweetie responded crying lightly \"I'll give her a chance, but please don't forget me. I hate being lonely….\" Executor kept hugging her, every now and then saying shhhh to her to try and calm her down, which slowly worked. Elizabeth then came over to the father and daughter cranes with Ocean Moon in her hands. \"She tells me you welcomed her here, Executor. That's my best boy.\" Elizabeth told him Ocean Moon then saw Sweetie there, surprised she didn't see her there before since she was almost as big as the magnet that danced with her. Executor looked to the lovely blue lamp and said \"Nice to see you again, but please meet my only daughter, Sweetie.\" \"Sweetie,\" Ocean Moon repeated, then went on \"Such a cute name and you look like a Sweetie, since you look very sweet.\" \"Yes…I'm Sweetie, his daughter, as my dad just said.\" Sweetie responded, then looks away from her Elizabeth looked confused, for she never seen Sweetie act that way before. Executor lowered his head and told his mistress what was going on and that Sweetie will need to adjust, so give her time to do so. Elizabeth knew Sweetie was very close to her father, especially since it was his idea to bring her home with him, but the young crane could use a mother and Ocean Moon seemed like a friendly she-lamp. Will Sweetie get to like Ocean Moon or will her jealousy get the best of her? To be continued….[Chapter 3] Knowing You Is Not Enough Sweetie and Executor wheeled over to Ocean Moon, who was still with Elizabeth. The giant magnet was to ask his possible future bride about her life, to know is she was truly right for him, for Sweetie's sake….right? Sweetie just listened to them talk, not even trying to interrupt, to be polite at first, until she realized they wouldn't quit it. \"You know I have a twin brother, well he doesn't look like me completely, but we came from the same place and sold to the same store as him. He was bought almost immediately too.\" Ocean Moon explained \"Did he gain a name when he was bought?\" Executor asked \"Actually yes, he did. The young boy who wanted him called him Lampy.\" Ocean Moon told him Executor's eyes widened when he heard that name. He remembered that lamp and his friends too well and how much they annoyed him when he wanted to eat/crush them. This was his sister? She was so beautiful and innocent compared to her brother, but Executor preferred her anyway. \"I know of your brother, he came here a long time ago with his friends when this used to be a junkyard. I tried to eat him, not literally of course since I lack a mouth, but I'm glad I didn't and that their master took them home.\" Executor told her, feeling high amounts of regret, looking away \"I'm glad I was shut down temporarily and ended up in this life now. I truly hated my old job.\" Ocean Moon hopped over to him, putting her cord on him, trying to comfort him \"Don't feel bad, it wasn't your fault. It was your job after all, Executor, plus if you didn't do it, you wouldn't have the life you do now with your mistress and daughter.\" Ocean Moon told him, while petting him Executor gave her a very happy look with his eyes \"Oh if I did have a mouth I'd give you a great big kiss right now, especially since I can tell we're in love with each other.\" Executor replied and lowered his head enough to her so he looked deep into her eyes \"There's one thing I want from you now. Ocean Moon…..will you marry me?\" Ocean Blue smiled big and kissed him where a mouth would've been on him \"Of course I will, my handsome magnet.\" Right as she heard them say that, Sweetie grew sad. They didn't even talk to her about this and how she felt. It was too late to ask now, because they already were getting married and the young crane didn't want to accept. She thought she lost her father for sure now to this she-lamp and became teary eyed, getting ready to cry. She then wheeled over to the broken part in the fence way in the back, leading to the forest. \"I guess my own father doesn't love me anymore and no one seems to care about how I feel…\" Sweetie said, sobbing hard now \"If he doesn't love me anymore, then I'm out of here…\" The young crying crane then ran through the broken fence with ease and headed deep into the woods to be alone. Back at home, Executor and Ocean Moon looked over to where Sweetie was, realizing she's not there anymore. \"Sweetie, dear!\" Ocean Moon called out, sounding like a mother who's missing a child, which in this case she has \"Where are you?! Please come out!\" Elizabeth then came out and asked what just happened. \"Sweetie is missing.\" Executor told her, getting worried for his daughter Elizabeth looked and saw Sweetie's tire tracks, easily recognizing those are hers. The three them followed them, gasping when they saw where Sweetie had gone, the dark forest. \"We have to do something!\" Elizabeth exclaimed \"No, my mistress, this is my fault, so I'm the one who needs to do something. \" Executor told her \"I should've talked to her more about this situation. I'll find her and bring her back.\" \"I'm coming with you.\" Ocean Moon spoke up Executor looked at her \"No, my love.\" \"Look, this is my fault too and I love her like she were, no she is my daughter too, making this a family problem.\" Ocean Moon responded Executor then moved her so she'd be on his head and Ocean Moon shined her light into the dark forest to help them find Sweetie. Elizabeth stayed back in case Sweetie came home when they went out. With the new couple out on a search, they hoped to find Sweetie fast, especially before something bad could happen to her! Will they find Sweetie in time?! To be continued….[Chapter 4] Becoming a True Family Sweetie had gone off far into the forest, eventually getting lost and very scared, not just because she was in a strange place, but all alone too. She started shaking in fear as she started moving slowly through the forest, among the large redwood trees. All around she heard strange noises, causing her to get more and more frightened, especially since she was still young. \"W-what was that?\" she asked herself, after hearing an animal growl that sounded angry \"I-I'm lost…w-where do I go?\" She kept moving farther when then noises around her continued to spook her, causing her to stop and cry out in fear \"I-I want my daddy…..but he doesn't want me….\" Sweetie sobbed, then shrieked, when it felt like she was being watched. All around her there were eyes of animals staring coldly at her, looking like they were ready to attack her. \"Leave me alone!\" she cried out, loud enough for her parents that followed her to hear her. Ocean Moon shined her light out as soon as she heard Sweetie's voice, locking her light directly on her as soon as she spotted her, quickly saying \"There!\" Executor looked in the direction of the light and sure enough, there was Sweetie, scared out of her wits. He rushed over to her as fast as he could, embracing her in a neck hug. \"Sweetie, my baby.\" He responded, a little teary eyed \"Please don't run off like that, you scared me to death. I don't want to lose you.\" \"I only ran because it seemed like you didn't love me anymore….\" Sweetie responded, still scared out of her mind Executor looked around and saw what was scaring her and he angrily turned yellow, growling angrily \"Get away from my baby…\" The animals fled instantly from that and Ocean Moon moved closer to Sweetie, who looked surprised to see she came with. \"Sweetie, your father loves you and so do I. I've always wanted a daughter and you're the perfect one.\" Ocean Moon told her \"Believe me, I was never trying to make you feel left out.\" \"You could've told us how you felt, my little one.\" Executor added, while nuzzling Sweetie \"We would've worked it, but remember this. No matter what happens, you're always my baby and I'll always love you.\" Sweetie nuzzled back \"I love you too, daddy….\" She started, then looked at Ocean Moon \"….and mommy.\" Ocean Moon then kissed Sweetie on one of her claws, saying \"Let's go home everyone.\" \"I couldn't agree more.\" Sweetie responded and followed her parents back home to where a very happy Elizabeth was waiting for them. \"There you are Sweetie, is everything fixed now?\" Elizabeth asked \"Yes, they are…I'm never running away again.\" Sweetie responded, relieved to be back home \"We patched everything up, like a family should.\" Executor asked \"That we have, but we have one more thing to get ready for.\" Ocean Moon brought up, looking at Executor with a smile Executor nuzzled her \"I know, my love, our wedding, let's have it in say a week?\" \"Works for me my dear.\" Ocean Moon responded Sweetie giggles out of nowhere and says \"And I have just the idea for decorations and things like that, but I won't say what it will look like. I'm quite an amusing crane that way.\" Sweetie then wheeled away to gets the plans started. Executor rolled his eyes, chuckling lightly \"That's the real silly Sweetie for ya. No wonder her and Phil get along.\" \"Phil? From the parts shop?\" Ocean Wave asked \"I heard he's hilarious.\" \"Sweetie has a huge crush on him and she tells me she wants to take her relationship with him farther.\" Executor explained After hearing that Ocean Wave decided she could help Sweetie with her crush. Being a lamp herself, she tended to know what they like, even if they're insane. She made a request to Elizabeth to get a special 'gift'. Elizabeth agreed, but decided to wait until the wedding was over to give it to Sweetie, so she could concentrate on her plans. What could this special gift be? To be continued….[Chapter 5] A Wedding and a Gift Sweetie had finished getting the place nice, for it was the day of her father and new mother's wedding. Elizabeth was getting them ready, while Sweetie finished with the decorations, making it very beautiful, them howled like a wolf to let everyone know she was done. Executor was the first to come over. He was shiniest he's ever been and had a garland of blue flowers around his neck. Right away he got into his position. Right after him came Elizabeth with Ocean Moon, placing her on a rather tall pedestal. The she-lamp was too shining with a blue see through veil around her neck. Elizabeth then started the wedding with Sweetie there playing the most romantic music possible out of the radio in her main body, switching the song to 'Kiss the Girl' when it was time for the newlyweds to kiss. Both of them chuckled at her, then kissed each other, the way they knew how. Elizabeth then got the gift out and handed it to Ocean Moon, who in turn nudged it towards Sweetie. Sweetie looked at it and asked \"What's this, mom, Elizabeth?\" \"Your dad told me about your love life, and I'm sure he'll love what that is. It's something I know lamps need and like, but that gift is very special and long lasting.\" Ocean Moon told her, winking at her Sweetie looked to it, closely so she could read and see what it was. She saw it was a light bulb, but her mother was right, this one wasn't ordinary. It was one that changed from the colors; purple, blue, and red; every minute as long as the lamp is on. It read that it fits desk and ceiling lamps, so it was perfect. Sweetie looked to Ocean Moon and nuzzled her \"Thank you, mom. I'll be sure to give it to him.\" Ocean Moon hugged her the best she could with her cord as Executor wheeled over to Sweetie, lightly nudging her. She lifted her head to look at him. \"Your mom and I were talking and we think it's time you take your relationship to the next level.\" Executor told her \"Sweetie, you're the best daughter this old magnet could ever ask for and you'll be a fantastic lady and I know you'll make that crazy lamp very happy, just by being there for him, showing you love him.\" \"He loves you I'm sure he loves you, my dear.\" Ocean Moon added \"It's common for lamps to be bashful around someone they love, especially the male ones, but I believe you can get it out of him.\" Sweetie nodded, trying her best to hug them both, it was a little hard to hug her mom since she was much smaller than her. She then turned to Elizabeth. \"My mistress, Elizabeth, I have one request.\" Sweetie responded, then nudges the shrink ray they still had \"Make me small. I'm on a mission.\" \"Alright, Sweetie. I know what you're doing too.\" Elizabeth responded, activating the shrink ray Sweetie was then the size of a coyote, not as small as she was before, but small enough to get downstairs, through doors, and most important; so she can get a good grip on the special gift for Phil. Before Sweetie could leave, Executor called to her. \"Sweetie, I have just one thing to say,\" Executor told her, as if he was the most proud father in the world \"Go get him, my daughter.\" Sweetie nodded \"I will dad, I know I can do it and make you proud.\" Executor chuckled at her, before saying \"You've always made me proud. Now be the independent crane you're meant to be.\" Sweetie nodded happily and wheeled off with Elizabeth next to her to walk her to Ellie's house. Sweetie felt more confident now, feeling she could really pull this off now, starting to think less like a baby and more like a lady, but still a very fun lady at that. Executor watched his beautiful daughter go off until he couldn't see her anymore. He was a little teary eyed, not just because he already missed her, but because he couldn't be happier to have her as the most wonderful daughter in the world. The End Sweetie is going to be a changed crane soon! She'll soon return in Sweetie's Chance at Love A thousand thanks to Lampi01 and allowing me to connect my stories with yours and for allowing me to go through with this. I know Phil and Sweetie will be happy in the coming stories, probably for both or stories. ","Summary":" A Pretty Light It was a rather calm night and Lizzy's Wondrous Creations was getting ready to close"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"This Fanfiction Sucks More Than Anything","Author":"Blue Raspberry Ametrine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12581999","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Brave Little Toaster or Roombas. All I own are my OCs. Author's Note: Do not take this seriously. … Kirby always woke up in a bad mood, whether it be to greet a sunny morning or face a rainstorm that would set Radio on edge from the static and Emergency Broadcast Tones. His brow was lowered, and his motor was set to high suction. Even if he was a pessimist from morning to sunset, and even grumbled in his sleepy dreams, he still at least tried to keep a more positive outlook. There would always be something to suck in the Master's new house, as the place never managed to stay clean of dust, shattered bulbs, or lightly salted bread crumbs. But now, the Master was not in the house at the moment, and neither was he. During his previous adventures, he managed to find the number to the vacuum bus. Nobody but vacuums was allowed, and Kirby hoped to leave for a relaxing vacation at the Suct-inn. At the resort, there would be massages, free cord-icures, and all the other things the boys back home would make fun of him for. (Plus, he could finally catch up on the last season of My Little Pony.) When Ratso found out about Radio going to the Radio Spa every week, nobody would stop laughing for hours. If it weren't for how annoying the little guy was, he would almost feel sorry for him. Even the ride there would be a wonderful experience. Snacks were strewn about free for the sucking to make sure all the guests did not remain hungry, a sensation most appliances would never be able to relate to. With no humans and their irritating music, he could ride in peace. The dim lighting in the bus reminded him of his old closet back in the cabin that had held most of his life, and the sounds of dull roars filled the air, ready to lull him to sleep. He was ready to close his eyes and drift off to Snoozeland any second now. At least he could if it wasn't for the dreaded Roomba Scouts. On the other side of the Vacuum bus, five young Roombas, so full of love and life, were gathered around a circle of cell phones. Kids these days and their Pokemon GO. Back in my day, all we had were balls to toss and dust to suck. \"Ah man, this sucks!\" Exclaimed one of them, throwing his phone on the carpeted ground. He began to turn and skim away from the group, his flannel sash always sticking with him. Three of the others snickered. \"Haha, Suckuel rage-quit!\" The last one, the one who's sash remained barren, was looking him right in the eye. Kid, this is getting weird, he thought, not sure what to say. \"I think that's him.\" She muttered. \"Guys, guys! I think that's him!\" Already his metal cheeks burned. Well, this is gonna suck. They all turned to him for a moment but returned to their activities before saying anything. \"It's Kirby! The great vacuum hero!\" She yelled, vibrating from the excitement. \"I can't believe it!\" The others nodded a bit. \"Yeah, sure.\" Kirby was glad most of the little suckers were not going to ride cord, but this newcomer approached him. Her sensors were squinting as if she was going in for the kill. \"Kid, are you alright?\" He backed a couple inches away. \"No, please don't go!\" Tears were already forming in those sensors, growing wide. \"I'm sorry for getting so close. Sorry sorry sorry! I just can't see very well! My vision sucks so much you'd think my sensors were straws!\" He stopped. \"You can't? What's wrong?\" \"I guess I'm just… defective.\" The whole bus went silent. \"Sorry again! Didn't mean to use such a… dirty word.\" As creeped out as he was by this little Roomba, and as much as he dreaded spending his time in the Vacuum bus on a little kid, he felt sorry for her. His motor rumbled a low note in pity. \"You seem to know my name pretty well, but what about yours?\" She gasped. \"Oh. My. COGS! The Ultimate Suckmaster is asking me-\" His brow raised. \"The Ultimate… Suckmaster? Why that's-\" \"-Yeah, it's this nickname I came up for you!\" The girl began to ramble on, twisting and twirling as Roombas do when they get excited. \"I mean, you are just the suckiest vacuum in existence! You traversed a forest! You saved animals from dying in labs! You even went to Mars for Dyson's sake!\" He rolled his eyes, face-cording. \"That Mars thing never happened. My friend Radio has trouble keeping his fantasies to himself.\" He regretted saying this the moment he did, for as soon as he did, she began to cry once again. \"It… it didn't? But… I drew so many pictures, and… oh, this sucks!\" She wiped away her tears with the wrapper of a candy bar left behind, a perfect snack for a vacuum like Kirby. \"Please tell me you at least saved the animals, right? I'd hate to think of those furry creatures, all lost with no hope!\" He smiled. \"That one's real.\" He decided not to mention how it was Toaster's leadership and Wittgenstein's intelligence that brought them to victory, and that he was just the muscle of the group. He did not want to make the little girl cry any more tears and mess up her circuitry. \"Wow… you suck just as much as I imagined!\" Her smile shone once again, brighter than any of the lights in the Vacuum Bus reflecting on her shiny gray surface. \"Oh yeah, you asked my name! I am…\" She took a pause, presumably for dramatic effect. \"SUCKMASTER 9000, and I suck more than ANYTHING!\" The others were shaking their heads in embarrassment, a few even sneering, but she did not notice, her twirling growing faster and faster. \"I suck more than some slightly bigger than average black holes! The only thing in the universe that sucks more is you, Kirby!\" Her head dipped, assuming the best bow a flat Roomba could make. \"You are the ULTIMATE in sucking, your Suck-ery.\" He laughed with her a small bit, more than he would care to admit. This little girl was just so cute in his eyes and a real bright spot in the usual monotony that was the life of a vacuum. \"That's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.\" None of the others ever complimented him so dearly. They were always caught up in his bad attitude, his awkwardness, his inability to suck cat litter. But this little girl, even after she found out his greatest achievement was a lie, still cared for him. She still respected him like no one ever did. Not even the Master. Kirby could not remember a time when he felt such joy and unbridled affection for another. Even when he met the Master hoisted out of the Kirby van and demonstrated by the pushy salesman, it was more a respect for authority than actual care. That took a lot longer to grow. \"Where are you headed?\" He asked. \"It ain't lint-selling season just yet, is it?\" \"Oh no, sir!\" She shook her head, which of course meant she was just shaking her entire cylindrical body. \"We're going to the Suct-inn for the annual sucking contest! We're all going to suck!\" \"That was this weekend?\" He bit his lip. As interesting as this girl was, he did not want to put up with her staring the whole time. He was starting to regret this trip, as he was beginning to see just how much it would suck.[Chapter 2] Kirby's weekend at the Suct-inn was off to a good start. A wonderful start, as some might say. Other than Suckmaster 9000, who refused to tell him any other name, the Roomba Scouts left him alone. Suckuel was busy sucking technicolor rats and lizards into Pokeballs, Suckbastian was practicing his quick dashes for the annual challenge of the Suckenger Hunt, Suckyer searched through hallways and allies to find places where treasures would be hidden, and Sucktiago spent his time in the Kiddie's Bar, sucking down lintshake after lintshake. Still, Suckmaster 9000 was beginning to become a bit of an issue. Kirby wanted to visit the Spa in peace, without a little girl staring at him the whole time. He wanted to be polite and decided to greet her with the best smile he could manage. \"Good to see you again, Suckmaster.\" She groaned. \"Nobody ever says it right! It's SUCKMASTER 9000! \" Before he had a chance to 'apologize,' she began to continue again. \"But don't worry about anything, my dearest friend! I hold nothing against you for a minor Freudian slip.\" \"So, are you here for the cordicure or what?\" The little Roomba nodded. \"Yes, and O. M. G! Aren't you glad they got us into neighboring rugs for cordicures? While we're waiting, I can tell you all the stories I wrote! They suck, but I'm sure you'll want to read at least one!\" He blinked. \"You're a writer? What do you write about?\" She grinned, exposing her teeth the color of a perfect pearl earring, lost under the bed. \"You!\" Kirby shifted a few inches to the other side of the rug, hoping she would not notice. \"That's… very considerate of you, kid.\" \"I know!\" She giggled, twirling in place. \"My longest is more than fifty thousand words! Only a crazy appliance would write that long of a fanfiction! Especially when they knew it would still suck in the end no matter what they tried!\" His brow lowered. \"Are you trying to make some sort of sucky joke that references forces outside of our dimension?\" Suckmaster 9000 shrugged. \"I don't know. Just trying to break down some walls, that's all.\" Kirby stared in confusion for a second, before deciding to just let her rambling go. Soon enough, after at least three minutes of him tuning out her strange, nonsensical tale of him fighting off a cannibal magnet and an evil fairy lamp. In the middle of her recount, a thought popped into his head. \"Wait, Roomba's don't even have cords! Are you just here to follow me?\" The little Roomba was quiet for a moment, blushing. \"Umm… well, I don't mean any harm! I'm not taking any pictures or anything, I just… I really want your autograph… and your suck-cerest approval… and for you to adopt me… nothing big!\" Kirby let out one big sigh, trying to keep down the temper the other appliances dreaded. This was going to be one long weekend.[Chapter 3] Sucktiago was still by the Lintshake bar, pondering the meaning of life and why everything in his world seemed to suck. Never did this mortal toil give him a break, a fleeting but wonderful break from the pain of existence. He was only two years old and he had already wasted his entire life, it seemed. The taste of the lint was his only relief, its cool refreshing flavor washing through his digital taste buds and circuit board brain, and he relished it. He knew his addiction was a serious problem. It was weighing on his relationship with his squad. They lectured him on stopping before his filters got clogged, but it was no use. So the young Roomba continued to suck down those shakes, lamenting his sucky excuse for an existence. The lintshake bartender walked up to him, taking his empty glass. \"Get me another. Put it on my tab,\" said Sucktiago. The bartender looked concerned. \"Kid, haven't you had enough?\" He growled, motor revving. \"I said, get me another one!\" \"Fine, fine.\" The bartender rolled away, preparing another shake for the little Roomba. Just then, a big Kirby vacuum came through the heavy doors. Sucktiago recognized him as the one from the bus. The one who SUCKMASTER 9000 would not stop fangirling over. The Kirby with the heavy chrome brow and bag the color of evergreen needles. And sure enough, she was trailing behind him. \"So, after this, how about we go and play mini golf? The competition isn't until tomorrow, so I have plenty of time!\" Her high-pitched voice already began to grate in his mind. \"OMG, I almost forgot! There's a movie playing down the street! I know it won't be as good as yours, but Suck Wars 17 still has some pretty good reviews, right? I'll buy the tickets, don't worry!\" He groaned. \"Kid, why are you so obsessed with me? I came here so I could get some privacy for once!\" Sucktiago giggled to himself for a moment. Someone finally said it. Someone was finally standing up to that cheerful little prick. The squad just was never the same after they let her in. Ever since Mr. Suckson made sure the Squad Leader let his niece in, we haven't had a single meeting without a long discussion over that ridiculous forest fairytale. I bet this Kirby is just a random guy too afraid to break her sucky little heart. He rolled his eyes. At least he doesn't have to put up with her every single week. \"I already told you, silly!\" She laughed. \"You're a hero! You are my hero. You know all the bedtime stories Mom tells me? All your adventures, all your feats! I've heard them all!\" \"Kid, I'm not that great of a guy,\" he sighed. \"If you paid any attention to those stories, you'd know that! I blow up at people all the time!\" \"Like right now?\" asked Sucktiago. He shook his head. \"I am trying to keep my cool, but it's kind of hard with your… little friend here.\" SUCKMASTER 9000 ignored the previous comment, rolling over to the bartender. \"Two, no, three lintshakes, please! One with extra paper shreds!\" The Bartender nodded. \"Sure thing, just don't give any to him.\" He gestured to the other young Scout, which he chose to ignore. \"You're having three? Extravagant,\" said Sucktiago with a sarcastic laugh. \"You're going to need a few more than that to catch up with me.\" \"No, two are for The ULTIMATE Suckmaster!\" She continued with her unnerving perpetual smile. \"I've already wasted a Benjamin on materials for that summoning ritual, so a couple of shakes that I know he'll have is nothing!\" Sucktiago turned to see the poor man, eyes wide with fear of what he had gotten himself into. \"That'll be 12 bucks,\" said the bartender. She rummaged through the pocket on her sash, but after a minute of tense looks and at least five apologizes, she only pulled out five dollars and a couple of paper clips. \"Kid, that's only enough for one,\" he grumbled. Kirby groaned. \"I'll pay for it.\" Once again, SUCKMASTER 9000's faulty sensor eyes lit up like a set of Christmas lights. When they didn't suck and actually worked.[Chapter 4] Unlike Sucktiago, Suckyer was already getting down to business. Some said he had no idea how to have fun and relax. Their good friend George Car-lin told him he needed to look out the foggy window and daydream more often. But Suckyer was too caught up in making sure his squad wouldn't suck in the Suck-enger hunt. Or maybe he should say they would suck? Vacuum slang was confusing at time, but he took comfort in knowing no matter how much vacuum slang sucked, it would never be as bad as humans saying they 'literally' died. At least a vacuum sucked with everything they did, so it was a literal statement. (For realsies this time.) Suckyer shook his head in annoyance. I don't have time to deal with this! I have to practice for the Suck-enger hunt! Suckbastian was with him, working on dodging a set of obstacles to shave off a few seconds of backing up. \"How was that?\" he asked. He blushed. \"Umm… I wasn't paying attention.\" \"Come on!\" groaned Suckbastian. Then, the other scout sighed, approaching him to where they could meet sensor to sensor. \"I'm sorry, just… I know you better than that. Typically, you have the focus of an eagle! What's on your mind?\" Suckyer backed away. \"Nothing! Why would you think that?\" \"I just explained,\" he tittered. \"Maybe your focus isn't so good after all.\" An idea formed in Suckbastian's head, his sensors flickering for a moment. He knew what would get Suckyer to open up. \"I mean, if you can't even explain what's wrong, your social skills must suck as well.\" \"No!\" he exclaimed, blushing. \"I can talk perfectly fine!\" He gave a quick playful smirk. \"Really? Prove it.\" Suckyer shook his head but realized the wall he had been bumped into, just like the ones they wanted to avoid. \"Fine. I am worried about Suckphia.\" The younger scout rolled his eyes, laughing once more. \"Don't you mean the 'Suckmaster 8000?' I'm sure she's fine. She's having the time of her life!\" \"It's 9000.\" \"Come on, you know what I mean.\" \"Fine,\" he nodded with a grin. Suckyer continued, not wanting to take a break from training but figured his best friend could help him sort his thoughts out. \"She's wasting all her time fangirling over that rusty old vacuum. If she doesn't practice, how are we supposed to win? She already doesn't see too well. If any of us should train, it should be her! \" His friend sighed. It seemed nobody cared for Suckphia, no matter how hard she tried or how many lintshakes she brought to their meetings. Still, he did not want to hurt his best friend's feelings when he was trying to help him. \"Buddy, we are in a fancy hotel. The Suct-inn of all places! There's a lint bar, a spa, a gym, and even more! Did you see that museum just a couple blocks away? Personally, the only reason I'm here practicing is so you aren't lonely.\" He was quiet for a second. \"I… that's not all of it. What if he's not all she thought he was? What if he doesn't live up to her expectations? Her little heart will be broken! \" Suckbastian pondered this for a moment. While he was happy to have their little friend's dreams finally fulfilled, he had a point. \"Well, what should we do?\" \"I have no idea,\" he remarked. \"I guess we just train our hardest to cover for her?\" He grimaced. \"Suckyer, you're my bro and all, but I was thinking about heading to that mall we passed. I want to check out the GameSuck. You can train all you'd like, but… I want to have a good time too.\" Suckyer turned away. \"I know. I know I need to lighten up, I'm sorry. Ugh, I must be the suckiest best friend in all of existence!\" \"I didn't say that!\" he gave his friend a nudge. \"I just said you're my bro!\" The older Roomba laughed. \"Thanks, bro.\"[Chapter 5] Suckuel had a reputation for being on his phone all the time. Sure, the reception usually sucked so he couldn't do much of texting or calling or whatever else phones were actually made for, but the games he had made it all worth it. His parents said he was addicted. Suckyer berated him for wasting his life on a silly screen that was not even alive. Still, Suckuel did not care. He was determined to finish this game. Even more annoying than the constant bothering was when other vacuums claimed he was playing Pokemon Go. Of course he wasn't! That game was so last season. Now, he was hooked on Dust Bunny. Dust Bunny was the newest game, a quest almost as cool as the suckenger hunt the other scouts had been blabbing on about for months. The goal? Collect as many bunnies as possible. The winner would be announced at the end of the year. No one knew what the prize was but whatever it was, Suckuel wanted it. Even if it did suck. Curiosity might have killed the cat, but they never said anything about roombas! The game was fun to play either way, and digital pixels on maps were a lot cleaner than real dust bunnies. This trip was an opportunity to collect more bunnies than ever before. Living in a lonely town, there was not any competition for the ones he did find, but they were few and far between, only respawning every couple of weeks. More busy areas like the Suct-inn were filled to the brim, and returned in their places every night. He had already collected most of the dust bunnies in the hotel, scouring through the gym, the spa, and the bar, but there was one more left blinking on his map. Not only was it a large dust bunny, it's blue glow designated it would come with an extra reward. If he was lucky, it could boost his Bunny Score by a hundred points! That would certainly be enough to put the bullying Air Hockey Table at school to shame. Suckuel did not need to look where he was going. His sensors would do that for him, and he could simply vroom off in the direction of the glowing marker. Even if he hit a wall, he would turn in the right direction. It came easy to most roombas, to the point where some never looked where they were going, even if they had nothing else to look over. Other vacuums discouraged this practice, but come on! We only cause a couple accidents every month! That is if their sensors were working. Thankfully, his were, and their 'more defective' member never caused too much trouble. Putting up with her sucked most of the time, but if someone mentioned her hero, she would get out of the way for a while in a flurry of excitement. He groaned to himself. You know you shouldn't think of her like that! She's trying very hard, and… It was hard for Suckuel to see Suckphia with an unbiased view. Before she joined, it was just him and his best friends. Now they had a noisy, childish, and clumsy extra member weighing them down. He decided he would deal with his later. There was not much he could do until they got home, after all, and he was approaching the glowing blue dust bunny. 10 meters, 9 meters, 8 meters, with every second he got closer, until… \"Hey!\" yelled a deep feminine voice. \"What is a little Roomba like you doing here in the kitchen, mister?\" For the first time in his whole pursuit, Suckuel looked up from his phone. He was face-to-face with a tall freezer, bigger than any his Master ever owned. Of course, face-to-face was hardly the right word, as she towered over him like a redwood tree. Her metal doors shone with the reflectiveness of a still pond, showing his small stature. \"Wait, what?\" He turned around to see a dusty floor, the only clean spot being where he had rolled by. The tiles were a checkerboard of breadcrumbs with no sign of Hansel or Gretel. Other large appliances looked over him. An oven, a sink, a dishwasher, and all the little ones required to make a good lintshake. Somehow, he managed to stumble into the kitchen behind the bar without even noticing! The oven rolled his eyes. \"Come on, you idiot sandwiches! The little guy wouldn't notice a door if it was slammed in his face!\" All the other appliances began to laugh. A blender joined in with his falsetto tone, ringing in the Roomba's ears. \"I bet his sensors suck more than a vacuum sealed bag!\" Suckuel couldn't help but let out a nervous chuckle, inaudible against the riot in the kitchen. He tried to back away, but there was nowhere to go, and the prize was long since forgotten about. The walls were beginning to close in... The freezer was chuckling so hard she had to wipe a tear from her eye. \"You are hilarious, dudes, but let's get this little dude out of here, alright? Before he's hurt, and all.\" All of a sudden, the walls backed away. The freezer's intense glare turned into a smile. \"You must have gotten pretty lost to end up here. Let me show you out.\" Pulling her plug out of the socket behind her, she shuffled away from the wall, gesturing for Suckuel to follow her back to the main lobby. \"I'm Iglea. What's your name, bud?\" \"Suckuel. Pleased to meet you, Ma'am.\" Her steps were loud, and almost sent Suckuel flying, a sharp contrast to his light skin across the floor. \"If you want to be here so bad, we'd be totally psyched to hire you. Our last janitor quit. He said the job sucked or something.\" He shook his head. \"No thanks. I'm only here for the Suckenger hunt.\" \"I've heard about that. It's gotten everyone's chord in a twist, hasn't it,\" she grunted. \"So many vacuums have been coming so quickly, we can hardly keep up with the lint shake demand!\" Suckuel looked to the ground. \"I'm sorry about that, but to be fair, I'm not just here to see it. I'm going to be competing.\" The freezer chuckled. \"In that case, let me give you a quick little tip, friend to friend, a'ight?\" \"The kitchen isn't going to be hiding anything, so don't waste your time here.\" Special thanks to Lampi01 for the name suggestion! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Brave Little Toaster or Roombas. All I own are my OCs. Author's Note: Do n"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Now Sweetie was the Prize","Author":"Lostinawhisper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12562767","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Bothersome Nuisance Not far from the repair and creation place, Lizzy's Wondrous Creations, a new building was just finished being built. The machine that built it was a young male, dark green claw crane. This crane was named Prince by another appliance for the way he acted. He loved being flattered and thinking he was the best out there. However, when he looked over to where the former junkyard was, something caught his attention. It was Sweetie and to him, she looked like a real princess. Prince wheel over to the entrance, seeing Sweetie up close, whistling over to her. Sweetie heard that and looked over to see him there and she wheeled over to him. \"Well, hello there, can I help you with something?\" Sweetie asked \"Oh yes you can, princess.\" Prince told her, looking at her with charming eyes \"You can come with me to the waterfall in the forest.\" \"What for, I can keep talking right here.\" Sweetie responded, a little confused \"Oh, so we can be a little more private, my dear, if you know what I mean?\" Prince replied, putting his neck over hers, trying to hold her close Sweetie pulled away \"Get off me!\" she snapped \"I don't even know who are.\" \"Well, my pretty crane, I'm pretty much royalty for cranes. My name is Prince and I'm the best at what I do, and all I need is a lady, which is you.\" \"Well, I'm Sweetie and no you can't have me. I already have a love interest.\" Sweetie responded, turning around and heading back in Prince laughed, thinking that Sweetie was playing hard to get. When he wanted something though, he made sure he got it and Sweetie was the prize. He wasn't going to let her get away that easy, so he followed her in. \"Now Sweetie, baby, you know you're getting with royalty if you get with me.\" Prince told her as he followed her \"I don't care.\" Sweetie called back \"True love means more to me, than being a princess.\" Sweetie was about to go back to work, when Prince grabbed her by the neck with his own claws, pulling her closer to him, annoying her big time. Prince then started bringing her towards where the waterfall was, but before he could get into the woods, Executor moved in front of them, glowing yellow, and eyes filled with rage. \" Who are you and what are you doing to my daughter?!\" Executor snapped, causing Prince to release his grip on Sweetie's neck. \"Well, sir, I'm Prince and I plan on showing this beautiful crane the life of a princess.\" Prince told him, acting all high and mighty \"I already said no, but he won't stop bothering me!\" Sweetie brought up Executor growled and charged at Prince, hitting him hard with his body and head. Prince then shied back a little. Executor then glared with fire in his eye \"Listen here, if you ever touch my daughter again, I will make sure you regret it…\" Prince backed away more \"Y-yes, sir.\" He replied, nervously then wheeled away fast Sweetie then wheeled over to her father and nuzzled him, saying \"Thank you, daddy, I think you really scared him good.\" Executor chuckled \"Because no one will mess with your dad.\" He replied, nuzzling her back Prince had run off, but he was soon to be back. He stared at Sweetie from a distance, awed by her beauty. He would do everything in his power to make her his princess, even if it means introducing her to total luxury. Prince knew he'd have to come up with a plan to also keep Sweetie's protective father away. One way or another, he was going to attempt to gain a princess. To be continued…[Chapter 2] Cranes Over All Prince kept his eyes on Sweetie, the lady he wanted in his life. He knew one thing though, he had to get her protective father away from her. The royal tower crane then turned to a couple of husky dogs, which he kept as minions. \"Snow, Fleet, get over here!\" Prince demanded Snow and Fleet nervously walked over, highly afraid of Prince's short temper. \"Yes, your highness?\" Fleet asked Prince looked in the direction of Executor \"You see him? That's my future wife's father, but he's protective over her.\" He told them \"I need you two to get him away from here and kepp him distracted.\" \"Him?\" Snow asked \"I don't know…he looks really big…\" \" And I look small?!\" Prince snapped, causing both to cower in fear \"Get moving or you two will never see old age!\" Prince then snapped his big claws as if he were ready to kill them in his grasp. \"Y-yes your majesty…we'll get right on it…\" Fleet replied and ran off with Snow They nervously approached Executor convincing him that there was trouble in the forest and only he could stop it. They managed to get Executor to fall for it and he followed them into the woods, leaving Sweetie behind. Prince then put his neck over Sweetie's again. \"Hello again, my sweet princess.\" He replied Sweetie nudged him off again \"I thought I said to leave me alone.\" \"Easy there, my lady, I've come to show you true luxury that I know you'll like.\" Prince told her, thinking 'And this time, daddy isn't here to help you.' \"Oh really, and what's that?\" Sweetie asked Prince chuckled, saying \"Come with me, sweet cakes, you'll soon find out.\" Sweetie rolled her eyes, but went with him to a huge canopy set up for them by Prince's other animal servants. Prince then let her under the canopy, then clicked his claws to get everyone's attention. \"Listen, furballs, I demand you all give my lady here the same amount of luxury as you would me!\" Prince snapped \"Do I make myself clear? Polish her with the best material, put mascara on her eye lashes, and clean her off!\" \"Yes your highness.\" They replied and got to work on cleaning Sweetie Sweetie looked at Prince and how mean he was being to these poor animals. \"Do you need to be so cruel to them?\" Sweetie asked Prince shot his eye to her \"They need to know their place and no that it's cranes over all. We rule this land and crush any resistance.\" Sweetie backed away from him and gasped \"No, nobody should act like that! You're making us sound evil and cruel. That's not how I want to be!\" Sweetie saw one of the servant mice get badly hurt when he was cleaning her wheels. She lowered her head to him and gently saying it was okay. \"Bless you, princess.\" The mouse replied \"Sweetie! He messed up, he's supposed to be punished!\" Prince told her Sweetie glared at him for that \"That's not how I am. I treat everyone with respect no matter who they are.\" \"As I said, it's cranes over all. They're just servants and they're below us just like any small appliances.\" Prince responded \"Well it just so happened my love interest is a small appliance, he's a ceiling lamp, and he's a better love interest than you'd ever be!\" Sweetie snapped, wheeling away Before she get away though, Prince wheeled quickly right in front of her. \"No no, I didn't say you could leave, my dear, you're mine now and here, what I say goes.\" Prince told her, his voice getting low \"Not for me, it doesn't.\" Sweetie responded, going around him as fast as she could go. Prince growled at how hard she was to get. He knew he had to get her back and would make sure they'd rule over all. Sweetie soon returned home, but there was still no sign of her father. She knew she wouldn't be safe at home though. She went to Elizabeth and asked her to shrink her again, so she could stay at Ellie's house in case Prince came back. Elizabeth accepted and had Sweetie shrink to the size of a coyote and she wheeled over to Ellie's house. She told her what was happening, then retreated to the basement. Down there though, her friends and uncle were concerned and were getting ready for this threat that was coming their way. To be continued…. Thanks again to Lampi01 for letting me use your characters.[Chapter 3] A Prince's Past While Prince was searching for Sweetie, his horrible past came back to him and was haunting his mind. In a flash back, he was remembering his adoptive mother was just crushed by his own adoptive father, the king of the cranes. He felt she was no use to him anymore because she started making friends with other appliances. The king thought it was inferior and clouded that thought that cranes were above all other machines and everyone else was useless. He even told Prince before that he could never be king unless he married another crane. Prince started to cry a little at this memory. He hated his father and was a little jealous of Sweetie that she had such a loving family, while he never did. He wanted Sweetie, not just for the crane purity, but he wanted that nice family in his life too. He soon discovered though that Sweetie wasn't at her home and he immediately started looking for her. Ocean Moon then hoped over to him, not knowing what went on between him and Sweetie. \"Hello there.\" She called out \"Hello, is Sweetie around?\" Prince asked \"Oh you just missed her, she went to a home belonging to some friends of ours.\" Ocean Moon told him \"Oh, then I'll look for her around there then.\" Prince replied \"If you really want to get her attention, try howling like a wolf. She's known for doing that herself.\" Ocean Moon told him \"Like this?\" Prince asked, then howled as perfect as Sweetie could, except louder \"Yeah…just like that.\" Ocean Moon responded \"You cranes seems to have a real knack for howling.\" \"It's a skill I guess.\" Prince responded, then asked \"Can you point me in the direction of where Sweetie went?\" \"Of course, big boy.\" Ocean Moon replied and pointed in the direction of Ellie's house. \"Thank you, mame. \" Prince responded, moving in the direction of the house. That lamp seemed nice to him, despite them being different. No wonder his own mother liked them before she died. He really wished he could have a life like that, but he knew he couldn't when he knew his father was still alive. He had to get Sweetie and explain why he really needed her, hoping she'd understand. To be continued…[Chapter 4] Prince Comes Clean Sweetie could hear Prince approach from outside and knew she had to be the one to face him. Despite being the size of a coyote at the moment, Sweetie headed outside to face this royal pain. However, when she got there, he didn't look like he was trying to woo her anymore. Instead, he looked kind of sad. \"Prince, what's wrong? Why do you look so sad?\" Sweetie asked, looking concerned Prince sighed and said \"I want to apologize, Sweetie, I'm not really wanting to be this way.\" \"Then why are you like this?\" Sweetie asked \"My father, the crane king, still lives and he's not a nice father.\" Prince responded and started crying hard \"He killed my mother just because she became friends with smaller appliances.\" Sweetie felt terrible now, not knowing this is what happened to him. She went up to him and nuzzled him, just as Executor found them and wheeled over to them. Sweetie saw her father and wheeled quickly over to him. \"Oh daddy, we wronged this crane. He's this way because of a cruel father.\" Sweetie told him Executor looked over to Prince who was still crying and said \"Hey, would you like to join my family instead. I can take you in as my own son.\" \"T-thank you, sir.\" Prince sniffed, nuzzling his new father \"I promise to be a nice son and brother too. We must make sure my real father is out of the way though.\" \"I can help with that, do you know where he is?\" Sweetie asked Prince nodded and told Sweetie where the crane king was and they headed back to Elizabeth house really quick to return Sweetie back to her normal size. They then headed into the woods near the waterfall. Right there was a huge, dark blue male crane and he was even crueler to his servants. If they didn't do what he said, he executed them by throwing them into the waterfall. This crane then saw them and laughed in a very evil way. \"So, you decided to come back to me, son?\" he asked \"No, he left your cruel ways to join my family.\" Sweetie replied \"Let me guess, you're King?\" \"I am, silly girl.\" King replied \"You're just a trespassing runt and do you know what I do to them?\" King then approached Sweetie, attempting the grab her, but Prince blocked the way. He knew what King was going to do, he was going to try and kill his new sister like he killed his mother. He wasn't about to let that happen. King growled angrily at his former son \"You're just like your mother, I should've killed you just like her. You'll never be a true king.\" \"Being king doesn't mean you should rule with extreme hate. Sweetie's kind mother showed me kindness and that's what should be shown!\" Prince snapped back King tried to lunge at Prince, but Sweetie grabbed him by the neck. She then whipped him to the edge next to the waterfall. King then lost his traction and fell into the water. It didn't kill him, but he was badly wounded. The animal servants then walked over to Prince and Sweetie, bowing, saying \"Your majesty.\" \"I'll be the king, but only if my sister is made queen too. She deserves it.\" Prince told them \"I might be Queen Sweetie, but my first order is that you're all free.\" Sweetie told them The animals then smiled to her and left back into the woods, happy that they'll never have to follow King's orders ever again. Sweetie and Prince then left to go home, where Prince was welcomed in with open arms. As the new king, Prince also offered to help Sweetie with any problem she or anyone she knew had. Soon he was about to learn of another royal pain that he would need to deal with. To be continued…[Chapter 5] Not Gone Yet While Sweetie took Prince home with her to make him apart of their family, a certain evil was not slain, but badly injured. King moved slowly and painfully through the river, his thoughts filled with rage. He lost his heir due to some runt of a crane. He finally made it out of the river and snarled in anger that scared anything that was around him. \"Go on, runt, take my son from me.\" He replied, then chuckled \"He was weaker than I thought anyway. I'll be the king forever then.\" He then started feeling better and moved faster, through the swamp. He never got stuck, since he was way too big to sink in the mud. All that was on his mind was taking anyone out in his way, including Prince, Sweetie, and anyone that was with them. King then found a light source that looked like it was coming from an old well. He wheeled over to it and the light shined all around him, then went into his entire body. He suddenly felt stronger than ever, as if he was filled with magic, and he was. When he clicked his claws, the magic came out in stars and he now knew what this power was. It was magic of a wishing well and the wishes were for him and him alone! King laughed deeply \"Perfect…with this new found power…I'll shall rule on high forever!\" The end The stories continue with The King's Wrath Thanks Lampi01 for letting me use your characters! ","Summary":" A Bothersome Nuisance Not far from the repair and creation place, Lizzy's Wondrous Creations, a new"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Cameron Frye","Author":"trufflesun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10111251","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The son-of-a-bitch tossed me out the window. My father, my own father. I guess I deserved it though, killing his Ferrari, his most prized possession. He called me a bastard, punched me a few times, then hurled me through the window. The same one as the car ran through. I guess I was to have the same fate. I landed in a pile of broken glass, sticks, and rocks. I was lucky not to slice open an artery. I turned my head slightly toward the house to see him look at me indifferently then walk away. As if he'd just thrown away a piece of trash. I carefully sat up and picked the glass out of my arms and legs. I cried, partly because of the stinging, burning pain, but it was mostly emotional pain. My heart broke. I'd always known he never cared. I stood up, very slowly. My leg hurt, maybe it was broken. I limped to the smashed Ferrari. I ran my hand against its smooth red exterior. \"This is your fault,\"I said, and kicked the car. Pain ran through my leg. I'd forgotten for a second that my leg hurt. Why am I arguing with a car? I must be delusional. Wait, I'm always delusional. I leaned over and threw up into the driver's side seat. It was an accident, though I grinned with satisfaction. I limped the rest of the way out of the small patch of woods behind our yard. No way in hell I was going back there. Not yet, anyways. I started walking along a sidewalk toward Ferris's house. Someone stood in front of me. \"My god Cameron,\"A voice exclaimed,\"What happened to you?\" I looked up. \"Ferris,\"I asked,\"What are you doing here?\" \"I came to see how you were,\"He said,\"What happened?\" \"I got in an accident,\"I lied. \"Bullshit,\"He said. I sighed. \"You know I said I was going to take a stand,\"I asked. He nodded. \"Well, I did,\"I said,\"...And it pissed him off.\" \"Then what,\"Ferris said,\"He threw you out the window...\" I just looked at him. His eyes widened in realization. \"He didn't..did he,\"He asked. I nodded. \"HE FUCKING THREW YOU OUT THE WINDOW,\"Ferris exclaimed. \"Shh..keep your voice down,\"I said,\"Besides, I'm not going home..yet.\" \"Yet,\"He exclaimed,\"You can't go, ever!\" \"I'm dying, Ferris,\"I said. I started to collapse,and Ferris caught me. He helped me walk. \"Come on buddy,\"He said,\"We're going to my house.\" I was half-conscious the whole way to his house. He set me on the couch in the living room. He brought some bandages and a rag and helped me clean my wounds. It turned out that there was still some glass stuck in my skin, not much, but some. After helping me clean up, he brought me a clean pair of his clothes. \"These are your clothes,\"I said. \"Well, thank you captain obvious,\"He said,\"Yours are all dirty.\" I looked at my clothes. They were covered in mud and dirt and blood. \"I guess you're right,\"I said,\"Where should I change?\" \"In here I guess,\"He said,\"It's only shirt and pants. I'll go to the kitchen.\" Ferris closed the curtain in the living room and walked to the kitchen. I changed my shirt, full of blood. I was glad that my arms and torso stopped bleeding. There was no glass under my shirt. Then I took off my pants. I screamed at what I saw. A bone was sticking out, right below my knee. Ferris ran in the room. I touched the bone, and immediately regretted the decision when I felt sharp pain through my entire leg. \"Don't touch it,\"Ferris exclaimed. \"I think I should go to a hospital,\"I said slowly. He nodded in agreement. \"Yeah, I think you should,\"He said. Ferris called an ambulance. I blacked out before I got to the hospital. I woke up in a hospital bed, my leg bone back in my body and wrapped up. My wrist had a sprain wrap around it. Ferris stood next to the bed. \"You're finally awake,\"He said,smiling,\"I was worried about you.\" \"I'm okay,\"I said. \"Was he trying to kill you Cameron,\"He asked. \"I don't know,\"I said,\"Maybe.\" I honestly didn't know. \"Do you wanna talk about it, buddy,\"He asked. \"Not yet,\"I said.[Chapter 2] Sloane came by later to check on me, along with Ferris's parents. Ferris's parents said that I could stay with them for a while. I waited untill his parents left, then decided to tell Ferris and Sloane exactly what happened. \"You were thrown out a window,\"Sloane said, shocked. I nodded. \"It was my fault..really..,\"I said. \"Would you stop saying that,\"Ferris said,\"It wasn't your fault and you know it.\" \"You want me to tell you or not,\"I said. \"Go ahead,\"He said. Flashback... I stood in the room where the car used to be. My father came home. \"Where the fuck is my car,\"He demanded. \"I crashed it,\"I said. \"You WHAT,\"He demanded. I smirked. He grabbed me and punched me. My nose started bleeding. \"You bastard,\"He shouted. \"Go ahead, hit me,\"I said,\"Like that's gonna bring it back.\" He punched me again. Then he grabbed me by my hair and dragged me to the window. \"Dad, wh..what are you doing,\" I asked. He lifted me slightly and hurled me out the window. When I fell, there was a sharp pain in my leg. The rest of my body hurt too. \"I'm..sorry,\"I mumbled. I looked around to realize that I'd fallen in a pile of broken grass and some rocks. The rocks weren't nearly as bad as the glass. I picked the glass out of my skin slowly, most of it anyways. Then I got up, kicked the car, puked in it, and tried to limp to Ferris's house. That's when Ferris found me. Present... \"My god,\"Sloane exclaimed. \"You puked in the car,\"Ferris asked. \"It was an accident,\" I said,\"But..hehehe.\" \"Are you okay,Cameron,\"Sloane asked. \"I'm alive..arent I,\"I said. \"I think my heart's broken,\"I joked and gave her a pouty lip. \"Very funny Cameron,\"Ferris said sarcasticly. \"I..I'm fine Sloane,\"I said sicerely,\"Thanks for asking.\" \"I shouldn't have left you like that,\"Ferris said,\"I should've taken the fall.\" \"And have you be thrown out the window,\"I said,\"No...\" I turned away and started to cry. \"Cameron,\"Ferris said,\"I really thought you'd be okay.\" \"I'm fine,\"I said, as tears continued to fall. I looked back at them. \"It hurts..\"I said,\"Being thrown out like trash.\"[Chapter 3] Sloane left when it got dark outside. Ferris fell asleep sitting on a couch in the hospital room. I rolled my head to the side, noticing a curtain. This must be a double room. I wondered if anyone was over there, when the curtain opened a little. I jumped. It was a girl, she had black hair and wore a hospital gown. \"Looks like you've been through some shit,huh,\"She said. \"Who are you,\"I asked. \"I'm Penelope,\"She said,\"And you're Cameron?\" \"Yeah,\"I said,\"How'd you know?\" \"I heard you and your friends talking earlier,\"Penelope said,\"I didn't hear a lot, just what your dad did. That's fucked up.\" I nodded. \"My leg broke,\"I said,\"The bone was sticking out below my knee.\" \"My father was a real jerk too,\"She said,\"Good thing he's gone now.\" \"What happened to him,\"I asked. \"He's in jail,\"She said,\"For killing my mother.\" \"What?!\" \"My parents were druggies,\"She said,\"I guess you can't help who you're born into...right?\" \"Yeah,\"I said,\"So..why are you in here?\" \"Food poisoning,\"She said,\"I'm fine now, but I was puking my guts out earlier. They want to keep me here a few days, you know, for observation.\" I nodded. I didn't usualy talk to girls, especially ones my age. When I do, they usually look like they want to spit on me. \"You got a girlfriend,\"She asked. \"No,\"I said,\"Why?\" \"Why not?\" \"Girls don't really like me.\" \"I don't see why not. You're adorable.\" This girl's got spunk. I like it! She walked over near Ferris. \"Is that Ferris Bueller,\"She asked,\"The most popular senior.\" \"Yeah, it is,\"I said. I grabbed a pencil and threw it at Ferris. \"What'd you do that for,\"She asked. \"Tryin to wake him up,\"I said. I threw another pencil at him. He finally woke up. \"Jeez Cameron, what the...\"Ferris started,then looked at Penelope,\"Who are you?\" \"This is Penelope,\"I said quickly,\"She's from the other side of the curtain.\" \"Hey,\"She said. \"Hey,\"Ferris said,\"I know you.\" \"Huh,\"I said. \"You're that girl who started that massive food fight,\"Ferris said,\"At the end of last year.\" Penelope smirked. \"I didn't get caught either,\"She said. Ferris laughed. \"You know Ferris,\"She said,\"You're quite full of yourself.\" \"Huh,\"Ferris asked. \"You snub people like me,\"She said,\"You and all the popular kids.\" \"I've never snubbed anyone,\"Ferris said. \"I tried to talk to you once,\"She said,\"And you treated me like a little kid and told me to go away.\" \"Oh, I'm sorry,\"Ferris said. \"It's okay I guess,\"She said,\"Why do you hang out with Cameron? You two are like, polar opposites.\" I laughed at that. \"We've been friends for a while,\"Ferris said,\"Since fourth grade. I couldn't just abandon him when I got more popular.\" \"I know your sister at school,\"She said,\"Shauna. She complains about you sometimes.\" \"Are you two friends,\"Ferris asked. Penelope's POV Here I stood, in front of who was, in my opinion, the biggest asshole in the world, asking me about my friendship with his sister. Next to me lied Cameron, an absolutely adorable boy, probably my age, who was somehow best friends with Ferris. \"We dated,\"I said. I stifled laughter as Ferris's jaw dropped and his eyes widened. \"She never told me..\" I burst out in laughter. \"I'm screwing with you,\"I said,\"Her and I are aquantinces.\" \"Well, I'm going back to sleep,\"Ferris said,\"Good night Cameron. Nice to meet you...again...Penelope.\" I turned to Cameron. \"He really cares, you know,\"Cameron said. \"How old are you Cameron,\"I asked,\"18?\" \"16,\"He said,\"And a half. You?\" \"18,\"I said,\"I thought you were 18. Maybe older.\" FUN FACT: ALAN RUCK, THE ACTOR WHO PLAYED CAMERON FRYE, WAS 29 WHEN HE DID THIS MOVIE. \"Seriously,\"He asked. \"Yeah, you're very mature,\"I said,\"You look like you've been through a lot.\" \"I've been THROUGH a broken window,\"He joked. \"Cameron, when I saw my father kill my mother..,\"I started. \"What,\"A voice exclaimed. I looked over. This news woke up Ferris. I sighed and began to explain. \"When I was six,\"I started,\"My father, all hyped up on drugs, shot my mother in the head.\" \"Did you SEE it,\"Ferris asked. \"Yeah,\"I said,\"I was in the kitchen when he did it. He didn't know I saw him. I ran out of the house and snuck into the neighboors house.\" \"Wh..what did the nieghboors do?\" \"It was three in the morning. She got up to see what the noise was, thinking there was an intruder. The nieghboor was a single woman. Imagine what she saw, a six year old girl, cowering and crying under a table.\" \"That's fucked up,\"Ferris said. \"You're telling me,\"I said. \"I should go to sleep,\"I said,\"Good night Ferris , good night Cameron.\" I kissed Cameron on the forehead for no good reason, then went to the other side of the curtain, lied on the bed, and went to sleep. Ferris's POV \"Am I dreaming,\"Cameron asked. \"I don't know,\"I said. I picked up the pen he threw at me and threw it at him. It hit him in the head. \"Ow! What was that for?\" \"Well, you're not dreaming.\" \"Whatever,\"He said, and closed his eyes. I leaned my head back on the slightly comfortable chair. I remembered what I'd been thinking earlier: \"He's gonna marry the first girl he lays. And she'll treat him like shit.\" I remembered when I first met Cameron: Flashback... Picture a 10 year old Cameron, light brown hair and blue eyes, a giant in his class, towering above all the others. He'd had an early growth spurt, and everyone made fun of him for it. I was the new kid, well, sort of new. I hadn't made any friends yet, had been too shy to talk to anyone at the time. I was about 11, in the fifth grade. I walked out on the playground heading toward the monkey bars when I saw a lonely blue eyed boy sitting on the ground, picking at the grass. I went over and sat by him on the grass. He looked up at me, his eyes showing sadness. \"Hi,\"I said,\"I'm Ferris. What's your name?\" \"Cameron,\"He said. \"Why aren't you playing with anybody,\"I asked. \"They don't want me to play with them,\"He said,\"They all call me a giant and a freak.\" \"Do you want to play with me,\"I asked. His eyes brightened. He smiled. \"Yeah,\"He said,\"What do you wanna play?\" \"Wanna play on the monkey bars,\"I asked. \"Yeah,\"He exclaimed. present... I'd lost my shyness overtime. I don't remember when or why I became so popular. I don't remember being so mean to Penelope. Was she the only person I was mean to?[Chapter 4] Penelope's POV Flashback.. Freshman year. I'd looked up to Ferris, at least, at that time. I'd decided to try and go talk to him. I approached him in the hallway. \"Hey Ferris,\"I said. He turned around. \"Do I know you,\"He asked. \"No, but..\"I said. \"Listen,\"He said,\"I'm busy.\" \"But...\" \"Leave me alone kid,\"He said. I glared at him and slapped him across the face. He looked at me discerningly and walked away. Present... \"And that, Ferris, is why I hate you,\"I said. I had woken up early, before Cameron. Unfortunately, so had Ferris. I went over to try and talk to my new acquaintance, Cameron, but was met with Ferris instead. He asked what he ever did, so I explained. \"I guess I have been mean to some people,\"He said. \"If you weren't so full of yourself,\"I said,\"So narcissistic..\" \"I am not full of myself,\"He said. \"Bullshit,\"I said,\"You only care about yourself. You lie, you manipulate people. Do you even care about Cameron? About your sister? About anyone?\" \"Yes I care,\"He said. I glared at him. Ferris's POV She was right. I was only thinking of myself when I took the Ferrari. I didn't think Cameron would get in trouble, or that the car would crash..I didn't think...I wasn't thinking...at all. Cameron could have died and it would have been my fault. The best friend that I've ever had, could have DIED . I put my head in my hands. Just thinking about it brought me to tears. \"Never thought I'd see the day Ferris Bueller cries,\"Penelope said. I looked up at her. I didn't want to say anything and further her hatred of me. I looked away. I went over to Cameron's bed and stood by him. \"I'm sorry Cameron,\"I said. Cameron opened his eyes. \"Don't cry Ferris,\"He said. \"I could've gotten you killed,\"I said,\"I knew how phsyco your father is. I'm sorry.\" \"It's okay..,\"He started. \"No..it's not,\"I interrupted. Cameron's POV \"Maybe you should go home Ferris,\"I said,\"You've been here all night.\" \"But...,\"He started. \"Ferris...,\"I said. He nodded. \"Okay,\"Ferris said. Ferris said goodbye and left. Penelope walked over to me. \"So,\"I said,\"What do you wanna do now?\" Penelope's POV I pressed my lips against his, kissing him. After a few seconds, I pulled away. He stared at me in silence. \"Are you okay,\"I asked. He smiled. \"I'm great,\"He said,\"How about you?\" \"I like you,\"I said. He pulled me back in for a kiss again. \"I forgot my...\"Someone said,\"Am I interrupting something?\" Cameron let me go. Ferris stood at the chair he was sitting at, picking up his jacket that he must have forgot. \"No,\"I said,\"Not at all.\" Ferris nodded slowly, smirking, said goodbye to us again, then left. Cameron scooted over, letting me sit by him. \"So, who are you,\"Cameron asked. \"I told you, I'm Penelope,\"I said. \"No, I mean who ARE you,\"He said,\"Who IS Penelope..?\" \"Smith,\"I said,\"My name's Penelope Smith. I'm 18, I live with my aunt Phoebe, about two miles from here. What about you?\" \"I live...well, used to live with my parents,\"He said,\"When I get out, I'm going to live with Ferris for a while.\" \"Hmm..\"I said. \"Are you even real,\"He asked,\"Or just some cruel trick my mind is playing.\" \"Are YOU?\" \"Huh?\" \"There can't really be a guy this nice,\"I said,\"A guy who isn't a total pig.\" \"There can't possibly be a girl who likes me,\"He said. He paused for a moment. \"I never asked,\"He said,\"Do you have a boyfriend?\" \"Not at the moment,\"I said. \"Have you ever had one,\"He asked. \"I've had lots,\"I said,\"Well, sort of...it's complicated.\" \"What do you mean,\"He asked. \"I guess..I'm what you would call a slut Cameron,\"I said. \"I never called anyone that,\"He said. \"Never?\" \"Never.\" \"Hmm,\"I said. \"You have VERY soft lips,\"He said. \"Thank you,\"I said. I lied my head on the giant hospital pillow. Cameron moved his head over a little. \"Most guys would've tried jumping me by now,\"I said. \"Do I look like most guys,\"He asked, smiling. \"I guess not,\"I said. He leaned forward to kiss me again. \"I should get back to my bed,\"I said,\"Before the nurse comes in to check on me.\" He nodded. Cameron's POV Penelope went back to her side of the curtain. An oasis. No way she's real.[Chapter 5] Ferris came back later in the afternoon, bringing his parents, sister Shauna, and Sloane with him. \"I don't want him near me Ferris,\"I said. \"Who,\"Ferris asked. \"My dad,\"I said,\"Or my mom, for that matter.\" \"All right,\"Ferris agreed. \"Ferris told us you got a girl,\"Shauna said. I smiled. \"Hey Penelope,\"I asked. Penelope peeked her head through the curtain. \"Yeah?\" \"Are you busy,\"I asked. \"No,\"She said. She came over and sat on the chair next to mine. \"Hey Shauna,\"Penelope said. \"Hey Penny,\"Shauna said. I introduced her to everyone. \"Are you two dating,\"Ferris's mother asked. \"I..,\"I started. \"Yes, we're dating,\"Penelope said. I nodded. Ferris's parents and Shauna left later, leaving Sloane, Ferris, Penelope, and I. \"Are you two really dating,\"Sloane asked. \"I don't know,\"Penelope said. \"We don't really know each other,\"I said. \"Looked like you were gettin to know each other this morning,\"Ferris said. I laughed. \"Now get out so we can get to know each other more,\"Penelope joked. \"Visiting hours are almost over Cameron,\"Sloane said,\"We should leave. See you Cameron, Penelope.\" \"Bye Cameron, Penelope,\"Ferris said,\"I'll come back tomarro, okay?\" I nodded. We said bye to them and they left. I turned to Penelope. \"Are we really dating,\"I asked. Penelope's POV He kissed me again. I pulled away this time. \"Cameron,if you want to sleep with me, just say so. Don't lie to me, don't pretend to be nice when you just want to...\" I stopped. He looked slightly confused, and a little hurt. \"No,\"He said,\"I just want to know you.\" \"You sure?\" \"Yeah.\" He scooted over, letting me sit on the bed again. We talked about our lives, school, Ferrari's, and anything else we could think up. By the end of our discussion, I was using his outstretched arm as a pillow. \"Comfortable,\"He asked. \"Yeah. You?\" \"My arm is numb,\"He said,\"But otherwise, yes.\" I laughed. I stopped using his arm as a pillow. \"When do you leave,\"He asked. \"Huh?\" \"The hospital. When do you leave?\" \"Oh. A couple days.\" \"Out of all the guys to choose,\"He asked,\"Why would you choose me?\" \"You seemed different,\"I said. \"What do you mean,\"He asked. \"Some guys are persistent. They want what they want. And if they don't get it, they take it, by force. Or try to...\" \"That's horrible,\"He said. \"I guess that's life when you're labeled a slut,\"I said. He looked at me with sympathetic eyes. \"I just...thought that you wouldn't want to take anything from me,\"I said,\"I thought that you would maybe treat me like a person, not some object. Maybe it was stupid.\" He grabbed my hand, smiling. \"You might be the first good boyfriend I've had in a while,\"I said. I snuggled closer to him.[Chapter 6] Cameron's POV I got to go home to Ferris's house the next day. Penelope gave me her home number and the hospital number, kissing me on the cheek before I left. I gave her Ferris's number. Penelope's POV Cameron called me later. \"I called as soon as I got to Ferris's house,\"He said. \"I miss you already,\"I said,\"I have no one to talk to.\" \"I miss you too,\"He said,\"When do you get out?\" \"When my aunt picks me up,\"I said,\"Around three.\" \"Okay. Wanna come over later?\" My aunt picked me up around three thirty. I asked her if she would drop me off at my friend Shauna's house. She agreed. When I got there and rang the doorbell, Ferris answered. \"Ferris...\" \"Penelope..\" \"Is Cameron here?\" \"Yeah..come in.\" He let me in and led me to the guest room upstairs, where Cameron was sitting at a desk. \"Hey Cameron,\"I said. Cameron looked up. He smiled. \"Hey Penelope,\"He said,\"Sit down, talk.\" I sat on the bed. \"I'll leave you two alone,\"Ferris said, leaving the room. Cameron and I began to talk again. \"I'm glad I'm graduating next year,\"Cameron said. \"I'm glad I already graduated,\"I said. \"Didn't like school?\" \"It's different when you're the school slut Cameron.\" \"How so?\" \"Flirting, obsene gestures..getting dragged into a closet and...\"I stopped,\"One time, someone pushed my head into their crotch in the middle of class. Everyone laughed. It was humiliating.\" He sat by me and put his arm around me. \"You don't deserve that,\"He said. Cameron's POV \"It doesn't hurt,\"She said,\"I'm fine.\" Her eyes watered. Her voice was cracking. \"You're crying,\"I said,\"And you're saying it doesn't hurt you.\" She looked away from me. \"I'm not crying,\"She said. I turned her head to look back at me. \"Okay, it hurts,\"She admitted. She let the tears fall, wiping them quickly. \"I'm not a slut Cameron,\"She said. I hugged her. \"I know.\" \"You sleep with a guy once...\"She started while crying,\"And they all want a peice of you. I'm horrible at choosing boyfriends...\" She grabbed my hand. \"...Until now,\"She said\"I'd like to get to know you before sleeping with you.\" \"I can do that,\"I said. Penelope's POV I kissed him gently on the mouth. \"Thank you,\"I said. six weeks later... Cameron finally got his leg cast off today. He came over to my house while my aunt was gone. He was sitting with my room. \"How's it feel,\"I asked,\"Not having the cast anymore?\" \"Kinda strange,\"He said,\"But, good.\" I kissed him. \"Are you sure you want to do this,\"He asked. \"Completely,\"I said. \"Are you scared,\"He asked. \"A little,\"I said. \"I don't know what I'm doing,\"He said nervously. \"It's okay,\"I said,\"It doesn't matter. What does matter is...I think I love you Cameron.\" He smiled. \"I think I love you too,\"He said.[Chapter 7] I lied in bed with Cameron. I wrapped my arms around him. I was shaking a little. \"Are you okay,\"Cameron asked. \"I'm great,\"I said,\"How about you?\" \"Terrific,\"He said. Two months later... I should've known. I should've known when I started craving pickles and ice cream, or my stomach got a little bigger. But know I'm certain, sitting here with a positive test in my hands, I'm certain. I threw the test in the trash, hiding it at the very bottom. How am I going to tell him? I have to call him. I dialed his number. \"Hello,\"Cameron answered. \"Hey Cameron,\"I said,\"You busy?\" \"No,\"He said. \"Wanna come over,\"I asked. \"Yeah, sure,\"He said. \"Bye,\"I said, and hung up. He knocked on the door a few minutes later. \"What's wrong,\"He asked. I realized I'd been crying. I wiped my tears. \"I need to tell you something,\"I said,\"But..I don't know how.\" \"You can tell me anything,\"He said,\"You know that.\" \"Do you love me Cameron,\"I asked. \"Yes.\" \"I'm...I'm pregnant..I'm having your baby...\" He stared at me silently, looking confused. Did I really think he would want me with a baby? I kissed him on the lips. \"Goodbye Cameron, I'll miss you,\"I said. I ran to my room, sitting on the bed, and buried my head in my hands. I started to sob. Cameron's POV I stood at the doorway in stunned silence. Penelope ran down the hallway, upset. I followed her, she was in her room crying. I sat by her and put my arm around her. She looked up. \"Why are you still here,\"She asked. \"I'm not leaving you,\"I said,\"I still love you.\" She wrapped her arms around me. \"I don't know if I'll be a very good father,\"I said,\"But, I'll do my best.\"[Chapter 8] Ferris's POV I had always said that Cameron would marry the first girl he laid, and she would treat him like shit. Well, I was right, about the marriage part, anyway. He did marry the first girl he laid; but in no way did she treat him like shit. How do I know? Well, I went to their wedding. It was great; a small backyard wedding at my house. And even now, ten years later, on June 6th,1997, as I talk to their 10 year old son Cameron Jr., I see that their love still flourishes. This opposed to Sloane and I, who grew apart after college. I was never so happy to be wrong in my life. And if that's not a happy ending, then I don't know what is. ","Summary":" The son-of-a-bitch tossed me out the window. My father, my own father. I guess I deserved it though"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Dates and Christmas Sweaters","Author":"Veronica and balthzar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11559373","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Luke walked to Aggie's house after his shift at the broom shop. Marnie had been visiting her grandmother everyday since the portal opened and as such Luke had since become a very common visitor at her grandmother's house. He pushed open the gate and ran up to the door just as it swung open. \"Hi Luke.\" Marnie smiled standing in the doorway. \"Hey.\" He smiled back, seeing Marnie always put him in a good mood. \"Grandma Aggie's busy training Sophie right now so she doesn't have time for visitors.\" \"That's okay. I wanted to talk to you actually I was wondering...\" He stopped mid-sentence as he looked down at Marnie who was wearing the ugliest red and green t-shirt he had ever seen with some weird fat ghost in the middle of it. \"What are you wearing?\" Luke questioned losing his train of thought. \"Oh um it's my Christmas sweater my mom got it for me.\" Marnie laughed. Like that was supposed to explain everything. What was a Christmas anyway? He thought maybe it was an animal but he couldn't figure out why someone would ever make a sweater out of such an ugly animal. However he chose to let the matter drop he was here with a purpose. \"Anyway…\" Luke began again \"…The pumpkin festival is this weekend and I was wondering if maybe um maybe you wanted to go with…\" He stared down at his shoes before finishing \"…with me.\" Marnie was completely shocked she had only ever been asked out twice and had only ever seriously considered it this time. She stayed silent for a few minutes and Luke taking that silence as a no started trying to save himself the embarrassment of getting reject by the same girl twice. \"Listen it's no big deal, I didn't actually think you would, never mind it was stupid anyway.\" Luke started to walk away when Marnie grabbed his wrist. \"Saturday night right?\" Marnie asked looking down at Luke's hand. Luke moved his hand so that they were now holding hands. \"Yeah.\" He said rubbing the back of his head with the other hand. \"I'll meet you at the Ice Cream shop around lunch time then.\" She said The two of them stood there staring at each other still holding hands until they were interrupted by Grandma Aggie calling Marnie back inside to help with a spell. Both of them started walking away when they realised they were still holding hands. \"You're still holding my hand.\" Luke stated. The two stared at their hands for a moment before letting go. \"Right well I'll see you tomorrow\" Marnie closed the door and started walking back into the kitchen where Her Grandma and Sophie were, so happy she felt like she was flying on a brand new broom. Sophie and Aggie watched Marnie as she entered the room and started working on her potion her aura seemed to have drastically changed in the four minutes since she went to answer the door. \"What's wrong with Marnie?\" Sophie whispered to her Grandmother. Aggie stared at Marnie for a moment before answering Sophie. \"Well I suppose maybe…\" She trailed off whispering something about trolls, Ice Shops Potions and Goblins before her face lit up as a realisation of what really happened dawned on her. \"Oh\" She squealed jumping up out of her chair. \"You have a date! This is wonderful, Charles used to take me to the Pumpkin Festival every year.\" \"What?\" Marnie asked snapped out of her happy daze by Aggie's rantings about who knows what. Aggie walked over to Marnie and examined her for a moment before walking off towards her bedroom. \"Don't worry dear I'll take care of everything. I'll loan you my favorite purple cape and I have some coupon for Jim's Ice cream shop and we will need to do something about that awful sweater you're wearing.\" \"Grandma.\" Marnie started cautiously. \"Grandma no I can get ready by myself.\" She started running down the hallway in her grandmother's room to try and stop her. Luke walked down the lonely dirt road back into town hoping to make it home in time for supper when a realisation hit him and he stopped. \"I HAVE A DATE WITH MARNIE PIPER!\" He yelled. \"I HAVE A DATE WITH THE HOTTEST GIRL IN HALLOWEENTOWN THIS WEEKEND!\" with that being said and done he started walking again nothing could ruin his good mood today. A/N I have a challenge for anyone who likes my story or didn't like it and thinks they can do better. There are currently only like 7 Luke and Marnie stories on Fanfiction now and I want to try and double the number of Luke and Marnie stories but Halloween so I need other people to write some stories about this couple too. Disclaimer: I don't own Halloween town. Please review my story and tell me what you think of it. I also have plans to do a second chapter where Luke and Marnie actually go on a date just so you know.[Chapter 2] Luke watched as Marnie spun the little flower he had given her in her hand while they waited in silence for their ice cream. Luke's oldest brother Marcus had picked the flower from the bog outside their house and had whispered something about never meeting a lady empty handed as he had been leaving to go on his date. His siblings knew all about the date today. Luke's brothers and sisters had been even more enthusiastic about the date than he was or at least equally enthusiastic. They had spent hours getting him ready trying on different shirts before finding a mossy green one that they deemed adequate and doing his hair making sure it stuck up in all the right places. Not that any of their hard work would mean anything now judging by how badly the date was going. He was just way too nervous to do anything so they were simply sitting in the shop in silence waiting for their ice cream. \"Thank you the flower.\" Marnie whispered laying it down on the table. \"You're welcome.\" Luke said. \" I thought I would look nice with your hat.\" He remembered the purple hat and cloak she normally wore. \" Not that you don't look nice without it. I mean you're always um always beautiful even without the flower. What I mean is you look even better with it.\" Maybe he could just go home and pretend this never happened. At that moment their ice cream arrived and Luke was thankful for an excuse not to have to say anything else. So they were again sitting in silence eating their ice cream. However this time when he risked a glance up at Marnie he noticed that her face was slightly more pink than usual. It must have been the ice cream he thought maybe strawberry was enchanted to turn you pink as you ate it. \"So is it any good?\" He asked. Marnie nodded. \"What about yours?\" She asked back. Luke nodded. \"It's good. Do you want to try some?\" \"Sure\" Marnie reached across the table with her spoon. Luke suddenly reached out and grabbed her hand earning him a weird look from Marnie. \"What's wrong?\" She asked. \"You can't use your spoon it will make my ice cream taste like strawberry.\" He handed her his spoon. \"Just use mine.\" As Marnie ate Luke remembered something his Marcus had told him when they were little. He had told Luke never to share his spoon with a girl because sharing a spoon was basically the same as kissing her. \" You can have the rest if you want. I'm full.\" Luke mumbled. Ten minutes later the strawberry ice cream was now a pink puddle in a bowl from Luke absent mindedly stirring it while Marnie finished his ice cream. Luke's stomach turned to lead when he saw something outside the window of the ice cream shop. \"We need to go.\" Luke said moving to get up from his chair. \"What?\" Marnie asked. As she watched Luke searching around for his coat but it was too late the two somethings were already upon them. \"Hey Luke! What are you doing?\" Something number one said. \"You can't possibly be on a date could you?\" Something number two asked. He looked Marnie up and down as he sat next to Luke. \"I think he is.\" Something number one replied. He took the seat next to Marnie. \"Great now he can come to the dance tonight. He can't say he doesn't want to because he doesn't have a date anymore.\" Something number two said. \"See you later Luke!\" The two somethings said before going to order their ice cream. Marnie was now staring in the direction the two boys had run off in. \"Who?\" She asked looking back towards Luke. \"That's Prince and Gary. They're friends from school and they've been bugging me about going to the dance for weeks.\" \"Prince?\" Luke laughed. \"That's not really his name but he has refused to answer to anything else since we were in grade three and I'm not sure any of us really remember what his name actually is. Besides he's part mummy so they're all a little bit stuck up.\" \"So do you want to go to the dance?\" He asked. \"It's okay if you don't want to I can just walk you home if you want.\" \"No!\" Marnie shouted. \"I mean I want to go to the dance. It sounds like fun. Where is it?\" \"It's our school dance at my school. It marks the beginning of the pumpkin festival but it doesn't start for another hour. What do you want to do until then?\" Marnie laced her fingers through Luke's laying her head on his shoulder. \" I kind of like just walking around town if that's okay with you.\" Luke nodded. Three hours later the two teenagers were dancing in the gym of Luke's school Marnie's arms wrapped around Luke's head while his arms were wrapped around her waist. Luke could tell Marnie was starting to get tired. She leaned her head on his chest blinking for a much longer time than normal. Then as if he had sensed the closeness of Marnie to Luke Principal Derris appeared out of nowhere startling Marnie awake. \"Ten centimetres!\" He hissed at them then vanished again. \"I can walk you back to your grandma's house if your getting tired.\" He whispered then began leading her over towards the door they had come in early. Marnie only nodded griping his hand as he pulled her through the crowd of students. It was nearly one am in the mortal world but here in Halloweentown it was only seven pm. They were almost to the door when they found their way blocked by Prince and Gary. \"Where do you think you two are going?\" Gary asked crossing his stone arms looking very much like a mortal world Gargoyle that never moved. \"We're leaving.\" Luke tried to get past the two teenagers boys. \"No your not. You two are on a date you have to kiss her goodnight before you can leave.\" Prince said crossing his bandage covered arms trying to look as unmovable as Gary. Luke was ready to tell them how stupid they were being when Marnie grabbed his face in her hands, tilted her head slightly, stood up on her tiptoes, and pressed her lips against his. It only lasted a second and then it was gone and she was pulling him through the door away from his friends. Then she stopped once they were alone and turned to face him again. \"I had a lot of fun tonight.\" She blushed. \"Maybe we could do it again sometime... soon.\" Luke nodded and she took a step closer tilting her head slightly. He knew what she wanted and this time he bent his head slightly to meet her pressing his lips against hers as she returned the kiss. After a few seconds Luke moved his hand and ran a finger down the side of her ear. She was smiling as she pulled away from the kiss. \"Come on.\" She smiled pulling on the hand she had been gripping since they left the gym. \"I was promised a walk home.\" When Marnie finally arrived at Aggie's house she was met at the front door by Sophie and her grandma Aggie. The two witches examined her up and down then Aggie clapped her hands together holding them in front of her face. \"I knew it. They two kissed!\" Her grandma squeaked. \"How can you tell?\" Sophie asked. She leaned in to get a closer look at Marnie as if she had missed something her grandma hadn't. \"I have spies everywhere.\" Aggie explained walking back into the kitchen. \"Plenty of creatures in town owe me a favor or two even a few gargoyles and mummies.\" Marnie smiled as she realised what had happened. She decided she could live with her family knowing about the first kiss because she knew only herself and Luke knew about the other three kisses they had had on the way home. Marine's smile grew even bigger as she thought about how much she loved the way Luke's nose had rubbed against her nose while they kissed. Meanwhile across town Luke's siblings could have used a few spies of their own as they tried to get Luke to tell them how his date had went. A/N Okay first I do not own Halloweentown. Second I hope you like they story and I would love it if you left a review. ","Summary":" Luke walked to Aggie's house after his shift at the broom shop. Marnie had been visiting her grandm"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Halloweentown Again","Author":"H. K. Rissing","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7059634","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The dark house was silent, the blue air of the witching hour still. Kal was perched in one of the tower rooms, pouring over his studies. He had picked this room though it was drafty and poorly lit because the winding of stairs was now beyond the capabilities of his mother, whose frail body could handle the exertion no longer. He had taken to spending more and more time up here over the last few years. After their plans to overthrow the Cromwells and avenge the death of his father had failed so spectacularly, they had holed up here, on the ancestral Kalabar family lands. They had sealed themselves off from Halloweentown proper, and months and years had passed in silence and solitude, mother and son isolated as the world spun on. Kal laid aside the book he had been studying from, a tome of magic theory that he had taken the liberty of lifting from its dusty obscurity in the library of Kalabar manor. He hadn't originally planned to spend so much time letting long-dead witches and sorcerers and druids become his mentors and teachers, but several times in previous years his mother had also raided the library, looking for expensive or valuable publications to pawn to one cult or another who promised her the secrets of resurrection in return. Or to tear through them all, looking for such macabre knowledge herself. Kal had gone in secret and taken all the most important and most influential works, as well as anything that seemed likely to help her in her quest, and it became a goal of his to fill the long hours of the days and nights with educating himself with the knowledge of two worlds contained therein, as it was clear to him that there would be no more formal training in any meaningful way from his mother. He listened keenly to the silence around him. Ordinarily he could hear his mother, at her experiments. She was often loud, shrieking obscenities and singing love songs by turns as she continued to hit dead end after dead end in her crusade. After Kal had returned from his disastrous encounter with the Cromwells in the Mortal World, with no spellbooks and bad news, his mother had begun to distance herself from him. Previously, he had striven to make her proud, followed her obsessive desire for vengeance like it was his own, provided her with access to his power whenever she needed it for spells and incantations that were beyond her own grasp. And she had encouraged him and taught him to the best of her ability, showed him all the warped care she was capable of. But afterwards, a coolness had sprung between the two. Kal was aware that she was murderously disappointed in him, and had found that provoking her ire did not scare him as it once had. When she asked him for his power to work a complex spell- demanded was a more realistic word, for it had never occurred to her that he would one day say no- he had denied it. When she had tried to take it, he resisted. Since then, she had decided that he was not worthy of being included in her mission to avenge Kalabar's memory. Alone and in the dark, she had come to the conclusion that it was not enough simply to avenge Kalabar: for the past four years her sole purpose had been to bring him back to life. It was one of the few concrete rules of magic- what's dead should stay dead. Invariably resurrections had abysmal endings, a fact Kal was now very well aware of after his studies, and it was for this reason that necromancy as a whole was a banned art in Halloweentown. What his mother was doing was dangerous, a black heresy, and Kal wanted no part of it. With his dragon's hoard of books that had information she could've greatly benefited from, coupled with the fact that he would no longer give her his power freely, he was all but certain she would never succeed. He was reminded as he heard a piercing scream that his mother's grasp of reality, never the strongest to begin with, had been almost completely severed by her many years of obsession and all the things it had led to. In traffic with banshees and ifrits and Nightmares and djinn and countless others of the fouler underbelly of Halloweentown, she had parted with a great many things. She had parted with jewelry and books and a huge quantity of food in the beginning, but as she began to turn to darker and darker sources of information, so her sacrifices became correspondingly great. She had parted with pounds of flesh and pints of her own blood. Her long, winding hair and several teeth had been bargained away for knowledge she found out only later she had already known. More recently she had plucked out her own left eye to appease a particularly vituperative lamia. Her memories had been a favorite currency demanded by some of her sources, and with each bargain, she lost a little more of her strength and a little more of herself. After each one was concluded, Kal would find her comatose and still. Many times he had thought her dead. After each incident, he had nursed her back to health, questioning why he was doing this when it was only going to enable her to get back up and go right back to her quest. He had yet to find a satisfactory answer. It was with a sinking heart that he began sprinting down the staircase and rushing to the conservatory, where she always conducted her deals. The two had once lived in a small cottage on the grounds of Kalabar manor. It had been given to them, as his mother had explained once, because his father loved them too much to see them tainted by associating with other residents of Halloweentown, as they were all under the thumb of the selfish and very powerful Cromwells. Having done some research on the matter himself, he thought it far more likely that Kalabar had given her the cottage as a way to keep her away from Halloweentown, where she might reveal that the illustrious, trusted Mayor Kalabar had begotten an illegitimate child on her, and more importantly, away from him. When Kal had been a child, his mothers responses to why she and his father were not married had ranged from airy, happy assurances that until the Cromwells were finished for good and all, he would not be free from the spell one of the witches had cast upon him, but that once he was, he would sweep her into his arms and declare his love before the worlds, to a cracking, stinging slap to the face for impudence. What had been mysterious to Kal as a child was quite clear now- his father had loved neither his mother nor him and had wanted nothing to do with them, merely had wanted to silence them to keep them from besmirching his reputation. His mother's delusions of being his father's only love had always been plausible in only her addled mind. When Kalabar had died, his mother had moved the two of them into the manor proper, and it was after that that she had sealed it off. It was a large, grand house, built for parties and laughter and happiness. It had been sullied from many years of neglect and sorrow and every manner of dark doings. Kal hurried across the threadbare carpet, once plush and vibrantly embroidered, through the main hall and past the library to the conservatory. He eased open the door slowly, praying that he would only find his mother, passed out again. What he saw instead made him blanch. His mother was kneeling across from an intricately wrought pentagram, scrawled across the floor in dark black ink. Contained within the pentagram was a demon. Kal had known for some time that his mother's ambition to resurrect his father and finally win his love was leading her down increasingly shadowy paths, but he had no idea she had progressed this far. The demon did not have a distinct shape, but instead hovered, a thick, dark gray haze that roiled sickeningly within its confinement. \"But I don't have anymore,\" His mother was explaining, a whine in her voice. \"Very well, then. I will accept your son as payment instead.\" The demon responded, voice like the thud of something meaty falling from a high shelf. Kal watched with horror as his mother rocked back and forth on her knees where she crouched in front of the demon, seeming to think about it. Before she could respond, Kal came to a decision. What little was left of the boy he had been, the boy who had dreamed of nothing more than a father who cared for him and a mother who smiled at him, could not stand it if his mother was to respond that she would give him over to a demon in exchange for a few paltry secrets. Silently feeling thankful for the fact that he had learned demon-banishing rituals a few months ago, he collected the ancient, powerful words in his head. It was important that every individual syllable be in the right place, every single nuance commanded by the spell falling at exactly the right time, or all he would succeed in doing would be to provoke the demon's ire. A simple pentagram was enough to contain lesser demons. The many markings on the floor were far more elaborate, indicating that this was a much more powerful demon his mother had summoned. He collected all his energy inward, focusing on the cold surety that came with using his powers. He flung the spell at the demon as he burst into the room, a handful of blue fire that consumed the demon until it disappeared. It happened more quickly than to permit his mother to do anything about it. She turned, lone eye searching him out in the shadows by the door. The look of pure outrage on her face would have almost been comical if Kal hadn't felt so sick. \"You- oh, why, you-!\" she began, incoherent with fury. As she rose from her position on the floor and sprung at him in one movement, Kal was left to wonder if she had been exaggerating some of her frailness so that he would underestimate her. She quickly expended whatever magic she had left in her reserves after the summoning on flinging several noxious curses and spells at him, the wordings and kennings twisted and wrong but the incandescent hatred at the heart of each making the spell flare with brilliant potency. Kal deflected these and listened as his mother screeched at him. \"That was a Prince of Hell, you stupid boy! Do you have any idea how long I looked for the spell that would bring him, for spells that would bind him? How much I had to sell for that knowledge?\" Once she had burned through what was left of her magic, Kal had figured she would slump to the floor, defeated, and he could carry her back to her room. But adrenaline, or perhaps simply her anger kept her going, and she continued her assault with nails and fists. Once Kal might have stood still for this rage, would have accepted her blows as punishment for not doing as he should. Though he could not bring himself to strike this wraithlike creature, even as she screamed her fury with rabid, wordless savagery at him, he fended off the worst of her blows and caught her wrists, pulling them close so that he could lean down to look her in the eye. \"Mother. Think about what you're doing. You summoned a Prince of Hell, hoping that he would help you, which has virtually no chance of succeeding. You put yourself in great danger, all for the sake of a man who is dead and should stay dead.\" At this, his mother flew into further hysterics, voice spiraling higher as she struggled against him with almost inhuman strength. \"He never loved you,\" Kal continued, raising his voice firmly to be heard over her delirium. At this, his mother fell ominously silent. \"What did you say?\" She croaked, voice nearly broken from her exertions. \"He never loved you, and he certainly didn't care about me. He only wanted us here to keep us out of his life.\" Kal told her, voicing finally the truths he'd become more and more aware of during the past years, overturning the lies of his childhood. His mother stood stock still, mouth agape. Kal waited for her to say something, anything. But when she finally did, he had cause to regret wishing she would. \"Of course he loved me, he always did! He always loved me and he knew how much I loved him, loved him so much it hurt, loved him so much I would have died for him in a heartbeat if I could, and he knew I would raise you right, raise you to revere him and have vengeance for his murder! He loved me more than anything, and we could have had a life together, could have been happy together, if it hadn't been for that gods-damned Cromwell she-devil- and you !\" She ranted, stumbling over the words as tears began to pour down her wasted cheek. \"You ruined everything! You turned his love for me sour, you made him send me away. If you'd never been born he would have married me and we would have never been parted but you, you wretched vermin, ruined everything I ever wanted and now, in payment for how I kept you alive and safe and raised you and trained you even though I wanted- so badly - to be rid of you and go back to the man who loves me, you come to ruin everything again!\" The words were pouring out of her mouth now, a proverbial torrent of snakes and scorpions and toads. Spittle sprayed from her mouth and made her bony chin shine in the guttering light of the candles. \"Bane of my existence! Architect of my destruction! Thief of my happiness! Scourge, affliction!\" She continued on, shouting until her voice finally faded. With this she sank to her knees, wracked with sobs, Kal's hands still clamped around her wrists. Kal gathered her seizing body up into his arms and numbly began to walk to her room. He deposited her in the heap of bedclothes that smelled rank with mildew and the various other substances they had been soiled with over the years that covered the once-fine bed in the master suite of the manor. She was shaking, her hands pulled in close to her chest in fists. She was muttering something with what was left of her voice. Kal leaned down, not quite daring to hope it was an apology, a recanting of the words that he didn't think he'd ever really forget. He put his ear down to her lips, and in her broken voice she rasped. \" I hate you I'll kill you I wish you'd never been born .\" The fevered madness in her eye and steady confidence of her whisper left him no doubt that she truly meant every word. At these words, Kal knelt at her bedside. He felt something rising inside of him, something borne upward from deep within him by dark wings and the words that this contemptible creature that bore no resemblance to his mother was still hissing in an ever-faster litany of \" IhateyouI'llkillyouIwishyou'dneverbeenbornIhateyouI'llkillyou- \". \"I'm done with you, Mother,\" He said, beginning quite calmly. \"I'm done hiding here with you in the dark like a rat afraid of the sun. I'm done making your meals and cleaning your vomit and looking after you when you've run yourself so ragged in your neurotic quest for a man who never gave a damn about you that you can't even move without help. I'm done with being told to respect my father's memory, and with being told to give up anything I ever wanted in order to avenge him. I'm not going to waste any more of my life here with you,\" With this, Kal leaned in closer, his mother's eye rolling to find his face as she trembled even more fiercely. \"You're insane, Mother. You're pathetic and twisted and deplorable and deranged, and I've let you drag me down with you for too long. But I wash my hands of you now. I'm never going to see you again, and to be honest, I can't think of anything better right now. I'm going to go and live a full life, and I'm going to make something of myself that has nothing to do with you or with Kalabar. You've stolen and destroyed so much of my life already- I won't let you do that for another moment. So goodbye, Mother,\" On that note, Kal rose and towered above her where she lay, almost looking as though she was having an apoplectic fit. He wished suddenly that he could slap her, but he didn't put it past her to try and bite him. He turned curtly on his heel, and walked back to his room at a measured pace, leaving the piteous, whimpering thing that had been his mother behind him. He packed quickly with the help of magic. What few clothes he had, all the books in his room, his witch's glass, and all the odds and ends that accompanied and assisted in being a warlock all went into his trunks, which had been bespelled to accommodate whatever he put into them. With a simple incantation, they floated behind him as he roved the house, going to all the hiding places where he'd stashed food and valuables. Thus arrayed, he strode out the front door, banging it closed behind him with a finality that suddenly made it real to him that he would never set foot inside it again. This knowledge made him devoutly grateful as he set off down the gravel driveway. Even though the emotions storming inside him- loathing, exultance, hatred, anger, sadness- were heady and strong, Kal was aware of exactly what he was doing as he walked into the heavy darkness of the hour of the wolf. Without him to make sure she ate, to keep her from making deals with demons- if she ever regained the strength to try again- to clean her up and care for her, there was a very good chance his mother would die. Kal did not look back once. A.N.- Okay. So I know it's been a while. But fortunately, this little fic has been brought to my attention once more. I know that this new chapter is quite a bit different from the previous one. Rest assured that many, if not all, features of the previous version will be retained. There's a different direction I'd like to take the story in- to paraphrase everyone's favorite murderous mayor: \"I've got big plans for everyone in Halloweentown!\"[Chapter 2] \"Magic is very simple. All you have to do is want something, and then let yourself have it!\" Marnie heard her grandmother's words echoing in her head as she sat in a heavy oaken chair outside the headmaster's office. It was her third week as a freshman at Witch University. There were so many things that were wonderful about living in Halloweentown year round. Getting to attend college and have classes focused on nothing but learning magic was exactly what Marnie had always dreamed of. 'Unfortunately,' she reflected, 'dreams have a way of not always transferring very well to real life,' Marnie bowed her head as Headmaster Eldritch called her into his office. \"Please, take a seat, Miss Cromwell,\" Eldritch began, a graying warlock with a pair of very intense eyes that could make you feel at once scrutinized and very small. \"So.\" He began, taking his own seat on the other side of the sturdy desk and looking at Marnie over his steepled fingers. \"I've already talked to Professor Gibbous. Why don't I give you a chance to tell me what happened?\" He said. \"It was an accident,\" Marnie began miserably. \" We were doing one of the labs in Professor Gibbous' class. I really wanted to try actually conducting the lab- up to this point in his class I've just watched my lab partners and taken notes for our group. I didn't know how hard it would be- I really thought I could do it. I wasn't- I didn't mean to hurt anyone. I feel . . . absolutely terrible about it.\" Marnie explained, feeling dangerously close to the verge of tears. Earlier in the day, in her Applied Magics class, there had been a lab involving the conduction of energy from the simple source of a candle to make a lightbulb light up without any electricity. Professor Gibbous had laughed along with the class when he had announced the concept of the lab. He had cautioned them not to underestimate and think that it was just a simple mortal magic trick and so could be conducted with less than adequate attention to detail. He had given them a very specific formula that he'd wanted the spell to take, whatever that had meant, and Marnie had been so sure that it would be easy. She didn't want to admit it now, but at the time, she had been overconfident, certain that this was something far beneath her skills set and scoffing at the idea that magic could need a formula to happen. She had focused on feeling the bright, welcoming surge of power flowing beneath her skin, the way she always did, and imagined transferring the light from the candle to the bulb. The bulb had exploded, shooting fiery glass at high speeds in every direction. All the students had been wearing safety gear, fortunately, but many still had lacerations and burns on their hands, arms, faces and throats. \"I see,\" Headmaster Eldritch rumbled. \"And how have you been doing in your other classes? What's been going on there?\" Marnie thought for a moment, nonplussed. \"All my other classes are going okay, I guess,\" She responded. \"And what about using magic in your personal life? Is that something you've always done? How's that been going?\" He probed further, his tone gentle and non-confrontational. \"Well. I mean, I use magic for about the same things everyone else does, I guess. Cleaning my room quickly when it's a mess, calling home with my witch's glass, flying. When I lived with my mom, in.. the Mortal World, I didn't use it as much as I do now, which is why I think it's.. why I think it's getting harder for me to use it,\" Marnie had to hurry to get this truth past her lips. The fact that she felt her powers dwindling more and more each time she went to use them was something she had been keeping secret for about a month, praying that it was just the stress of leaving home and coming to Halloweentown and using them so often that was telling on her, hoping that everything would go back to its normal easiness in the fullness of time. It was embarrassing, sure- a Cromwell who was struggling with simple spells that before she had only to snap her fingers to make what she wanted happen- but more than that it was worrisome. Marnie had lain awake late into the night, fretting about what this might mean. What if she'd burned through all the magic she'd had in her, and now was condemned to struggle with it for the rest of her life? Or, far more sinisterly, what if this was what happened to her mother? What if losing the majority of her powers had been what prompted her mother to seek out the Mortal World, to escape the shame of being a Cromwell with negligible magic? What if, once Marnie had finally realized one of her greatest dreams- to live in Halloweentown- she had to leave because she wasn't a witch anymore, or, almost just as bad, had so little power that it wasn't even worth training her? Though of course she did honestly feel terrible about having hurt her classmates, the reason a tear beaded up and dropped from her eyelashes was because it was all finally coming out- the horrible truth that Marnie Cromwell felt like she was losing her witch's powers. Even making her broomstick levitate, much less being able to ride on it, was a struggle now. She'd considered telling her grandmother- she'd been on the verge of it so many times. She knew her sweet, wise Grandma would have words of wisdom and consolation to share with her. But every time, she had stopped herself, because she didn't know what she'd do if her grandmother looked at her with a somber, disappointed expression and explained that she was becoming fully mortal and that Sophie would replace her as the Head Witch-In-Training of the Cromwell line. So she had been trying to wait it out, to see if this was just some fluke, or if she'd been putting too much strain on herself. \"Ah. That explains it,\" Eldritch announced, nodding sagely. Alarmed, Marnie looked up quickly. \"I want you to correct me if I'm wrong, but this is the understanding I have of your life and training as a witch up to this point. You found out that you were a witch on your 13th Halloween, came here, vanquished our previous mayor with the help of your family, and went home. Though your grandmother went with you, you were unable to devote all your time to catching up on your proper training as you still were compelled to attend a mortal school. Two years later, you had another brush with serious magic when you ended yet another threat against Halloweentown, reversing the Gray Spell that had been cast here and the Creature Spell that had been cast in the Mortal World. Two years after that, you again fought battles against much older, potentially more powerful entities that logic dictates you should not have been able to win, in defense of the exchange students from Halloweentown. Then, one year later, you enrolled here for college. Do I have about the gist of it?\" He asked, and Marnie nodded, somewhat comforted by hearing a list of things she had accomplished previously. \"And you never had any formal training as to how to use magic,\" He asked, though it sounded more like a statement. \"Well, yes, I guess, but I-\" Marnie began, worry and confusion beginning to swirl inside her. \"Don't worry, Marnie, we're not going to kick you out,\" He said, something like a laugh in his voice that made it easier to trust his word. \"The thing about it is, you've never been taught of how some of the important basics of magic work. Like how you formulate a spell in your head. It's always been enough for you just to use your raw power to make things work as you want, because you have such a vast reserve of it. That's why it's getting harder for you to use your powers recently- now that you're being called upon to do more complicated, concrete things in your classes, you can't rely on intuition anymore.\" Eldritch finished. \"So… I'm not losing my powers,\" Marnie asked, more to confirm it to herself than anything. This sudden swell of relief was almost too sweet. \"No, Marnie, you're not losing your powers. Once you have all the fundamentals solidly in order, I daresay you'll have the potential to become one of the most formidable witches that has ever passed through these halls,\" Eldritch responded. A sudden though occurred to her, and Marnie felt compelled to ask, \"But if you knew I hadn't really been trained, why did you accept my application?\" She couldn't quite shake the feeling that she was looking the proverbial horse in the mouth. \"It wasn't as though we were really going to turn down a Cromwell. Did you know it was your family that actually founded this school?\" Eldritch responded. Marnie hadn't and responded accordingly. She had always known being a Cromwell meant that you constantly occupied a place in the spotlight in Halloweentown, but it had never been a problem before this year. She had always felt that she had earned the respect and admiration of the other citizens of the town through her own actions. The headmaster's statement, as well as some of the comments and actions of her classmates, were suddenly making her feel less like she deserved a spot at the most prestigious academy of sorcery in Halloweentown and more like she had lucked into it for having the right blood. ' Which really, seeing as you haven't even been trained, you kinda did ,' She reminded herself, somewhat grimly. It was a sobering thought. \"So. All that remains to be done now is to get you properly trained up and on the way to greatness,\" the headmaster announced, splaying his hands atop his desk before drawing out a sheet of parchment and a pen, which he began to write in elegant script on. \"I'm referring you to a tutor I've recently been introduced to. He's a very bright, patient young man, he actually enrolled here just this past summer. I interviewed him personally, as he had some… extenuating circumstances surrounding his admissions. But I think you'll find him to be a very approachable, thorough mentor,\" Eldritch then folded the piece of paper and handed it to Marnie. \"I believe you'll find him at this address. His usual hours are from four to six on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.\" Marnie accepted the paper, nodding. \"Now, as for your other classes, I recommend that you use magic as sparingly as you can until you've had a few lessons. You should still be able to participate and learn in all of them, but I'll be writing letters to all your teachers to make sure they all know that you have an excuse from practical testing until at least midterms. I have no doubts that once you're shown the basics, you'll learn very quickly.\" Eldritch continued smilingly while standing, to indicate that the interview was over. \"Thank you so much, Headmaster. You're not going to be disappointed!\" Marnie said, shaking his proffered hand. \"Oh, I'm sure I won't, Miss Cromwell. Best of luck in all your endeavors,\" he responded affably as he ushered her to the door. Marnie barely registered where she was walking as she left the office. The feeling of happiness was so intense she was almost lightheaded. She wasn't in lasting trouble, though of course she'd be apologizing to her classmates again, she wasn't kicked out, she had a potential new teacher to help her get caught up and really earn her spot here at Witch U, and best of all, she wasn't losing her powers! She felt almost boneless with relief. It was as she neared her dorm that her steps began to slow and she began to think more about what had transpired. How had it escaped her grandmother's attention that she would need to know things that she had yet to be taught in order to excel in a sorcery-based college? Marnie had to wonder why neither her grandmother nor her mother, who surely remembered at least something of the process of magical training, had ever tried to tell her that there was more to doing magic than just wishing for something. As suddenly as that thought had come, another followed it. ' I hope Grandma didn't leave out the challenging parts of doing magic because she didn't think I'd still want to do it if it seemed like actual work ,' It was not an entirely pleasant thought- that her grandma potentially thought she would lose interest in magic if it wasn't constantly fun and enjoyable- and it was one she vowed to disprove to herself by working more devotedly at this tutoring than she ever had at anything before. Another dark thought crossed her mind- she wondered if the treatment she had received at the hands of the headmaster was the standard procedure for improperly trained students. A sneaking suspicion told her it was not. Pushing these thoughts aside for further reflection at a later time, a brief smile crossed Marnie's face once again as she let herself into her dorm and headed to one of the staircases. Lovecraft Hall was named, like all the dorms at the university, after great writers of the supernatural, and consisted of a large atrium over which the four floors of dorms looked. The central area had large flagstone floors and black wooden walls, with many study carrels as well as groupings of couches, chairs and fully stocked bookshelves. The ceiling far above was painted as a celestial map, complete with constellations and galaxies. There was a spiral staircase- black oak with well-trodden purple carpeting- on each end of the hall as well as two massive fireplaces. On each floor there were individual study areas filled with any number of reference spellbooks, codices and grimoires that the students could consult, the areas themselves being decorated with artwork depicting or reminiscent of some of that author's greatest works. Marnie had fallen completely in love with her dorm the moment she set foot inside it. Her personal room was no different. Her half of it was decorated exactly to her tastes, which was to say that it fit perfectly with the rest of the dorm. It was a room that said more about Marnie personally than any previous one she'd inhabited. Almost immediately after moving in she had been possessed of the sudden, unshakeable sensation that she was exactly where she belonged. It had been even more perfect that she had been able to room with Cassie, one of the Halloweentown exchange students she knew from a year previously. They had kept up communication, and when they'd been discussing plans for their college aspirations, they'd discovered that they had both been accepted to Witch U. They were both very happy with their decision to room together- so far it had worked out more or less excellently. Cassie wasn't in presently, and Marnie sank down into her desk chair to permit herself a deep breath. It had been a long day already, but it wasn't over yet. She still had this tutoring session to make it to. She felt the beginnings of seeds of anxiety beginning to take root in her chest. Marnie had never enjoyed having to ask for help when she was struggling. She resented being made to feel stupid for not understanding a concept, usually in math. It was boneheaded and prideful and she knew it, but it had stopped her from seeking assistance when she knew she needed it on more than one occasion. Magic, however, was an even touchier subject than math. At least she had no qualms about admitting that she wasn't the best at math. Being skilled at magic- or considering herself to be- had been an integral part of Marnie's identity for the better part of the past decade. It was going to be hard to reevaluate that self-conception and ask for help, but Marnie reasoned that the worst that could happen was that she'd get a jerk tutor. No matter what, she'd be learning and bettering herself, which was what mattered. She decided she'd drop by her grandmother's after the session to let her know all about the situation before she heard it from someone else, and then probably call her mom to fill her in too. Feeling for the first time in a while that things were under control, Marnie threw some standard school supplies as well as a bit of money in one of her bags and headed out, consulting the careful script on the paper from Headmaster Eldritch. It contained directions to the multipurpose building of Sleepy Hallow, one of the nicer parks near the center of Halloweentown. All around, the tree-lined streets were ablaze with autumnal color and the late afternoon sunlight was warm on Marnie's back. The main door of the building was open, and Marnie let herself in, following the sounds of people talking to one of the main rooms. The doors were propped open welcomingly, and the room looked a bit like a classroom. There were a few children scattered here and there, playing what appeared to be various games of make-believe. Presumably they were the children of the adults clustered in a corner, all talking at once to someone who Marnie took to be the tutor she was here to see. All she could make out of him was that he had dark hair. She sidled into the room, trying to figure out what was going on without being too obtrusive. To the best she could tell, the tutor was explaining lesson plans to the adults. Eventually, as she consulted her watch, it came to be 4 o'clock. Much to Marnie's horror, the adults began to file out the door, waving good-bye to their progeny, a few stopping for a quick last hug before the children scampered to sit in a lopsided semicircle on a rug in the middle of the room. She surveyed the children with a more critical eye as it became obvious that these were to be her peers instead of the adults she had presumed- not a one could have been out of elementary school, ages ranging from maybe 7 to 10. Fresh mortification washed over her, showing in the bright red flush coloring her cheeks- her magical skill was so poor, so remedial that she had been referred to a tutor who specialized in teaching elementary schoolers. \"Hi, you guys. Had a good weekend?\" the tutor asked as he unpropped the doors and let them close gently. The children let loose a variety of exclamations in the affirmative, which Marnie was still too privately horrorstruck to consider joining in on. \"All right, good, good to hear. Today we're going to be-\" The tutor began, walking to stand in front of the semicircle next to the old-fashioned chalkboard, but he abruptly broke off as his eyes met Marnie's, hovering awkwardly between the children sitting expectantly on the rug and the back of the room. Her previous humiliation was completely forgotten. Confusion, a little fear, and no small amount of anger were quickly taking its place. Still staring at her as though he'd just seen a ghost was Kal, the son of Kalabar, her old nemesis. The last time Marnie had seen him, he'd been disappearing in a flare of blue electric-looking light after having turned Halloweentown gray and almost succeeded at using the creature spell on the Mortal World. He had stolen her grandmother's spellbooks, shown a very poor understanding of how flirting worked, broken the Code of Merlin, and bragged constantly about his superior knowledge of all things evil and arcane. How he had somehow finagled a way into college and even worse, into a position of some dubious authority as an instructor of children with these marks against him escaped Marnie's understanding, but suddenly Headmaster Eldritch saying there were extenuating circumstances surrounding the tutor's admission made a horrible sort of sense. Sure, when she'd spared a thought for Kal over the years to wonder what had happened to him, she'd felt sort of sorry for him. You didn't become the person he had been without some sort of serious outside influences shaping you that way. But now that she was actually faced with him, in the flesh, she didn't exactly feel pity. Whatever his reasons for being there, Marnie was certain they couldn't mean anything good. She had to give him credit- he recovered quickly. He cleared his throat and dropped his gaze, a ruddy flush creeping up his neck and turning his ears scarlet, before continuing his sentence. \"We're going to be learning more about how you make a spell in your mind before you can cast it,\" He finished. After this the flush spread from his ears to his face. He still could not meet her eyes as he added in a much more muted voice, \"As I'm sure you can see, we have a visitor to our class today. Won't you please have a seat?\" He asked quietly, waving his hand as the children predictably swiveled to scrutinize her. A chair materialized next to her, behind the children. For the briefest second, she considered indulging her knee-jerk reaction and simply turning on her heel and walking out the door. But she reminded herself that if she left now, she would still be no closer to a solution to the problem of her powers than she had been when she came. She sank into it wordlessly. Marnie would almost have said Kal seemed ashamed as he continued on with the lessons. He seemed like a decent teacher- he managed to make a process that seemed to Marnie like something of a cross between sentence diagramming and stoichiometry seem understandable- which was in and of itself highly suspect. The lesson seemed well thought out, but Marnie was internally reeling, feeling much too adrift to possibly pay close attention. The children seemed inquisitive, mostly attentive, and alarmingly at ease with Kal as he sat cross-legged in front of them on the floor, rising as he needed to illustrate points with the chalkboard. The last hour was reserved for practical application of the theory they'd been learning. The children happily paired off, lisping their way through simple spells they were casting on pencils Kal had provided them with. He roved among them, offering help where it was needed and praise where it was warranted. His manner would have seemed charming, easygoing, but Marnie, who had retreated to the side of the classroom to watch the proceedings without a contradictory word from Kal, could see that the tutor was ill at ease. The set of his shoulders and jaw and neck screamed tension even as he spoke quiet words of encouragement to a boy with a head of white blond cowlicks who was nearly in tears. He resolutely would not look in Marnie's direction. Eventually, with a quick look outside the door at the parents amassing in the hallway, Kal dismissed the students, congratulating them on another session of hard work and enthusiasm. Once all the children had been returned to his or her respective guardian, Kal closed the door. It was just him and Marnie, alone together in the room, which suddenly seemed very quiet as the sunset slowly bled across the sky. He remained facing the door, seemingly in an attempt to collect himself, before turning and facing Marnie. \"So. Extenuating circumstances, huh?\" Marnie blurted, crossing her arms. Bewilderment briefly flashed across Kal's face as he asked, \"What?\" The span of the room lay between them, and neither of them seemed inclined to change that. Marnie realized a second too late that he was blocking the only exit. She quickly eyed the windows appraisingly. If it came to a fight, she couldn't depend on her magic. Suddenly regretting that she hadn't made more use of class time to contact someone and let them know where she was and who she found herself in the company of, she determined that if she had to, she could rely on her magic to break a window and flee out of it. Kal followed her gaze and seemed to come to the same conclusion she had. The ruddiness that had never fully left his ears the entire class surged back into his face as he began to move slowly away from the door, taking great pains to look nonthreatening. \"Headmaster Eldritch told me that there had been extenuating circumstances surrounding the admission of the tutor he referred me to, and I wondered what they were. I guess I know now,\" Marnie said by way of an explanation. \"You're here for tutoring?\" Kal asked, sounding nonplussed. \"Yes. I get referred here for tutoring only to find out that I'm actually so bad I need to be taught alongside elementary school children, and that you're actually the tutor,\" Marnie responded angrily, inadvertently getting everything out in the open in her ire. \"So you're…. You aren't here to- kill me or something?\" He asked, before seeming to have thought better of it. \"No- what? Why would I be here to kill you?\" Marnie demanded. At this Kal dropped his gaze once more, eyes hovering somewhere around Marnie's shins. \"Because of what I almost did to your homes. To your family. To you. I.. wouldn't really blame you,\" He responded. He looked regretful- again, Marnie would almost have said he looked ashamed if she hadn't known better. But following a sentence like that, what was she really supposed to say? \"Well. I'm not.\" She eventually settled upon, less sure of her convictions that Kal was up to no good. She wasn't as good as Sophie with trusting her intuitions, but she didn't feel that she was in danger. \"So why are you here, then?\" Kal asked, seeming a little less off-balance. \"For tutoring. I never really got taught how to do all the things you were talking about today- I just relied on intuition to accomplish whatever I wanted, which it turns out you can't do forever.\" Marnie explained shortly. At this, Kal balked. \"If you relied on intuition for this long without any negative impacts… you must have way more natural potential than I thought,\" He remarked, running a hand through his hair and seeming grudgingly impressed. \"Stop trying to compliment me,\" Marnie snapped, narrowing her eyes. \"It's not going to distract me this time. Why are you here, Kal?\" She asked, no small amount of acid in her tone. \"For the same reasons you are. I want an education,\" He responded calmly. \"Oh, yeah, right, and you expect me to believe that's the only reason you've chosen this specific year, the first year I just so happen to be in Halloweentown too, to come out of the woodwork when no one has seen, heard from you, or been able to get in contact with you- because Grandma tried- for like five years and I'm not supposed to think there's something sketchy happening here?\" Marnie scoffed. \"I honestly had no idea you were also going to be in Halloweentown too,\" Kal defended, not seeming flustered by Marnie's mocking tone. \"You have to believe me, Marnie. I am not the same person you knew. I don't claim to be an angel, and I don't think I can make up for what I've done in the past, but I'm trying to move beyond that and do something worthwhile instead. I don't want anything from you, or anyone else. I'll be more than happy to stay away from you and your family and friends. But if you want me to leave Halloweentown, or something else along those lines, I'll have to say no. I'm a different person now, and I intend to live like it,\" Kal announced, squaring his shoulders at the end of his statement. Marnie felt her anger receding. \"I would love to be able to think you're telling the truth,\" She told him. \"But the only proof about your intentions that I have doesn't make me inclined to believe you,\" She concluded. \"That's reasonable,\" Kal acknowledged, bowing his head slightly. \"However, as I've been accepted to the university, personally interviewed by the headmaster, most of the administrative staff, and carry several letters of introduction from members of the Halloweentown Council vouching for my character and scholastic merit, I find that I'm not actually accountable to you or your family, our pasts notwithstanding. So it doesn't really matter whether you believe me or not,\" He continued. Trying to avoid showing outwardly that she was very surprised that Kal really did appear to have gone through a rigorous and thorough screening, Marnie inquired, \"And just how much of your past were all those people aware of? Or were there a few details you forgot to mention, like how you're Kalabar's son and were entirely responsible for the Grey Spell, or like how you stole my Grandma's spellbooks and broke the Code of Merlin?\" At this, Kal jutted his chin out, a defiant light coming into his eyes. \"As it happens, all those people are actually now aware of more of the pertinent details of my past than you currently are,\" He responded sharply. \"Oh, okay. Sure. Enlighten me, then,\" Marnie replied in an antagonistic tone. At this, Kal's face became more forbidding, his expression cold. \"My past is my own to share as I see fit, not to spew out at your command. Suffice to say that I've struggled with hardships that I wouldn't wish on anyone over the course of my life, and that in the past few months I've had to make some very difficult personal decisions.\" Marnie began to draw closer to Kal. \"I don't know how you've somehow misled a lot of intelligent people. But I do know that you're manipulative and clever, and that neither thievery nor the murders that would have resulted of casting the Creature Spell on those innocent mortals if I hadn't intervened are beneath you. I don't like that you're here, but I see I can't do anything about it. So suffice to say that I'll be watching carefully for signs that things aren't as they should be. And if I find any, I know the first person I'll be asking about it.\" Marnie said, having drawn within arms reach of Kal, which was about as close to him as she wanted to get. They stared at each other wordlessly for a moment, eyes locked, and Marnie felt for the barest second an almost electrical spark pass between them. With that, she gave in to her first instinct when she had realized who the tutor was, turned sharply and sailed through the door into the slowly falling twilight outside, leaving Kal standing silent and alone in the center of the room. A.N.- Any and all feedback is welcomed and appreciated! ","Summary":" The dark house was silent, the blue air of the witching hour still. Kal was perched in one of the t"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Halloweentown Two and a Half: Dylan's Dilemma","Author":"reader1718","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5480414","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Halloweentown 2.5: Dylan's Dilemma CHARACTERS CROMWELLS MARNIE (CROMWELL) PIPER: eldest Piper child; a witch; next head of the Cromwell line; Dylan and Sophie's sister DYLAN (CROMWELL) PIPER: middle Piper child; a warlock; Marnie and Sophie's brother; somewhat of a nerd SOPHIE (CROMWELL) PIPER: youngest Piper child; a witch; Dylan and Marnie's sister GWEN (CROMWELL) PIPER: Aggie's daughter; Marnie, Dylan, and Sophie's mother (SPLENDORA) AGATHA CROMWELL: Gwen's mother; a witch and current head of the Cromwell line; Marnie, Dylan and Sophie's grandmother KALABAR KAL: Kalabar's son; a dark warlock; once trapped the residents of Halloweentown; currently imprisoned in another dimension CALLISTO (CALLIE): Kalabar's daughter; a dark witch; she falls in love with Dylan later and betrays her father and brother for him VARIOUS MORTALS (CINDY, ETC.) Dylan Piper falls prey to the charms of Kalabar's daughter Callisto (Callie) and has to help save the mortal realm and Halloweentown, while learning more about his powers \"Mom! Do I really have to go to school? I totally stick out!\" Dylan Piper groaned as the first day of school dawned in the mortal world. \"Yes you have to go and you do not stick out! You're just like any other kid there,\" his mother Gwen answered. But Dylan wasn't so sure about that. He had a secret that no one except his family knew about. He and his family members were all witches and warlocks, except for his dead father, who was a human. His grandmother (Splendora) Agatha Cromwell was the current head of the family line, his older sister Marnie was next, followed by his younger sister Sophie. The girls at school all called him geek and freak, as well as various other names. What no one knew was that Dylan really was a freak, by being the only nerd in school who was also a warlock. He had powers and could make things happen just by wanting them, but he couldn't always control his powers. His powers had been revealed once during an incident last Halloween. A warlock named Kal had come from Halloweentown to try to get Marnie on his side and take over the mortal world. However, Marnie had eventually figured out Kal was Kalabar's son. She had then gotten Dylan and Sophie to help her cast a spell that she created to open the portal between the mortal world and Halloweentown. They eventually vanquished Kal and removed his evil spells. Fortunately, none of the mortals had seen anything because they were all under the Creature Spell and thought it was all a dream. Ever since then, Dylan had been practicing his magic and brushing up on his spells so that he could learn control and be able to defend himself. Dylan arrived at school on time as usual, but he wasn't happy about being there. He knew no one liked him and being called a freak, with the knowledge that he really was one wasn't fun either. Particularly, because Cindy had been one of the main ones to call him names and he'd had to resist trying magic on her. Once, a bully had decided to try beating Dylan up and he had made the bully's book bag attack its owner. Unfortunately, he hadn't known how to make it stop and had ended up asking Marnie to stop it. This made him more determined than ever to practice until he could control what he was doing, as well as stop any spell he started. He went to his locker and just as he was about to open it, two boys came up to him and shoved him hard. Dylan was flipping through all the spells he knew in his mind, trying to decide which one to use, when a very pretty young girl came up and defended him! \"Leave him alone. What did he ever do to you? I've beaten up boys twice your size and if I ever see you go after this boy again, there'll be trouble. Got it?\" the girl asked, glaring menacingly at the boys. \"Got it,\" they both answered and then backed away quickly. The girl helped Dylan up off the floor where he'd fallen and asked if he was all right. Once she was assured that he was, she asked him his name, introducing herself as Callie, telling him it was short for Callisto. \"Callisto? Your parents must be big on the Greek Mythology names, huh? My name's nowhere near as interesting. I'm just plain, boring old Dylan Piper,\" Dylan replied. \"You're Dylan Piper? I was hoping to run into you. The whole school says you're one of the smartest kids here. I'm not all that great with science and stuff like that. Could you maybe help me with it sometime after school or something?\" Callie asked. \"You actually want to spend time with me? The nerd, freak, geek, or whichever term you prefer?\" Dylan asked in disbelief. \"Sure. You seem like an interesting guy. So, see you after school sometime?\" Callie asked. \"Sure,\" Dylan replied and headed toward his first class, while Callie headed in the opposite direction. Callie headed toward her locker at the far end of the hall and checked to make sure no one was looking. She then spun the combination and opened the door, pulling out the vibrating witch's glass she had secretly stashed there. The caller was a man with black hair with a very sinister look about him—Kalabar, the former mayor of Halloweentown! \"How goes your mission, daughter?\" Kalabar asked. Callie's face took on a very sinister look as she replied, \"All is going according to plan. I have located one of the young Cromwell siblings who defeated you in Halloweentown years ago. I have found young Dylan Piper and he doesn't suspect that I'm your daughter and Kal's sister. I have arranged to have him tutor me in science after school when needed. I will use that time to get close to Dylan and win him over to our side. I know he was initially rather weak with his power, but he has been studying a lot since then, and grows more powerful by the day. Soon he will be as powerful as his sisters and I will be able to use his power to free you and Kal.\" \"Excellent. Soon we will be free of this wretched place and then we'll take our revenge on the Cromwells who imprisoned us all those years ago,\" Kalabar replied, laughing evilly. Dylan went home that afternoon and practiced levitation and various other spells. He tried to turn his dinner into dessert and ended up with something that tasted like ice cream, but looked like roast beef, and had the consistency of play dough. He had to ask his grandmother to turn it back, since he couldn't eat it like that. Then, he tried to change the wallpaper in his room and ended up blowing a hole in the wall. \"Okay! Who blew up the house?\" Gwen asked. \"It was me, and technically it was a hole in the wall. Sorry mom!\" Dylan called down the stairs. Gwen finally managed to get the hole in the wall fixed, but told Dylan to be more careful practicing on his own. He was only allowed to do simple things by himself, and the other things, he had to have Marnie, Aggie, or Gwen there to do. This was to prevent him from blowing holes in anything else. Dylan had to hide his powers at school, though, or risk everyone finding out he was a freaky warlock. In middle school it wasn't neat to be different and have strange abilities. He knew if people found out what he was, it would be the Salem Witch Trials all over again. So, he kept the whole thing under wraps until he got home, then let loose with all his magical impulses. School went as normal for about four weeks with Dylan going to school as usual, helping Callie with science, then practicing his powers. Contrary to what Callie thought, Dylan did suspect who she really was and was on his guard around her. Callie kept subtly trying to win Dylan over to the evil side during their study sessions, but after the third week she quit trying because she was shocked to discover that she was falling in love with him! She kept up the pretense of trying to win him over so that she could spend more time with him without her father finding out. In the meantime, Dylan had told his family what he suspected and Aggie set up a spell that would track dark magic to find Callie if she was a dark witch. Dylan had one of Callie's barrettes that she had left behind and they used it in Aggie's spell. It was just as Dylan had feared—Callie was indeed a dark witch. Then one day two months before summer vacation, Kalabar contacted Callie and told her about a spell that was written in the old Welch exhibit in the town museum. She was to go there immediately after school the next day so she could read the spell and set her father and brother free, bringing with her certain items she needed to open the portal. Callie reluctantly went, even though she knew that she'd most likely end up fighting Dylan and his family. She knew she had to go, though, or her father would suspect her betrayal. Since Callie had not showed up at school today and sent in an obviously fake excuse why not, Dylan suspected she was up to something, so he asked his grandma if they could try a scrying spell to find her because Marnie didn't believe him about Callie. The spell showed her at the museum, which confirmed Dylan's suspicions that her excuse was fake. Aggie narrowed the focus and found out she was in the old Welch exhibit looking at a spell. Fortunately, Dylan's class was going on a field trip to the museum tomorrow, so Aggie asked Dylan to take a look at that spell and report back to her what he found out. So Dylan went to the museum with his classmates the following day and slipped away during the trip to find Callie, who hadn't showed up to school again that day. What he didn't know was that he'd been followed by Cindy who always made fun of him. She saw what he was doing and told the teacher that Dylan had slipped away from the group. So unbeknownst to Dylan, the whole class ended up in the same room with him right as he was confronting Callie. \"Well, well. If it isn't Kalabar's daughter, Callisto,\" Dylan said. \"Please, Dylan. It's not what you think,\" Callie pleaded. \"I'm not as naïve as you think I am Callie, and I'm not weak either. I never fully trusted you. Once I learned your name was Callie, I figured you must be Kalabar's daughter because of the dark energy I felt around you. How stupid do you really think I am? I know you're trying to bring your father and brother back and I'm here to stop you,\" Dylan told her. \"Listen, Dylan. It may have started out that way, but it's different now. During those study sessions where I tried to lure you to the evil side, I fell in love with you instead. Please, you have to believe me,\" Callie begged him. \"Why should I? You lied to me from the beginning. You tried to turn me evil and you were going to use me to release your father and Kal. I just don't think I can believe anything you say anymore,\" Dylan told her sadly. The look on his face was more than Callie could bear, so she decided to somehow prove to Dylan that she loved him. She couldn't stop the spell now—it was far too late for that—but she could assist Dylan in defeating her father and Kal. That would surely make Dylan realize that she'd told him the truth. In a matter of moments, Kalabar emerged from the portal with Kal right behind him. Fortunately Dylan had backup now because Marnie had tagged along, seen what happened and had called Gwen, Aggie and Sophie to come to the museum to help them. Callie stood over between the Cromwells and her family, looking like she wanted to run as Kalabar sent a spell at the Cromwells and Aggie blocked it. Then Kal sent a spell and Aggie moved to block it again, but Dylan stopped her. \"No. This is my fight. When Kalabar decided to play with my heart, it became personal,\" Dylan said. \"But Dylan, you're not strong enough to fight them on your own,\" Gwen pleaded, trying to protect her son. \"Yes I am, Mom. I've been practicing, and I'm a lot stronger now,\" Dylan said, and proceeded to blast Kal with a spell of his own—a very strong one too. \"Callisto, come and help us!\" Kalabar commanded his daughter. Callie went over to her father and stood beside him. \"Sure, Daddy. I'll help,\" she said. She then pretended to blast Dylan, but at the last minute turned around and blasted her father instead. \"Why you little wretch!\" Kalabar shouted. \"Sorry Dad, but I'm not playing by your rules anymore. I said I'd help, but I never said which side. I love Dylan and I'm going to help him and his family. I want to be good,\" Callie declared. She then helped the Cromwells to banish her father and brother. Once Kalabar and Kal were gone, Callie went over to Dylan. \"So, do you believe me now?\" she asked. \"Yeah, I do. I love you too. Want to go out Friday night?\" Dylan asked. \"Sure! I'd love to!\" Callie told him, then kissed him for the first time. Unfortunately, now the whole class had seen that Dylan was a warlock and that he came from a family of witches, so high school would never be the same again for any of them because word travels fast in high school. The next two years were a pain for Dylan as he struggled to graduate from high school and all his old friends avoided him. His teachers were more tolerant, but Dylan could see they were more than a little afraid of him, and everyone got out of his way when he passed them in the hall, whispering about him as if they thought he couldn't hear them. Things weren't much better for his sisters as they faced the same situation. Finally he used his magic to speed read through his course work so that he could graduate earlier and get out of the school as fast as possible. He took a test that measured his intelligence to determine if he was ready to graduate or not, and passed with flying colors. So he managed to graduate two months before everyone else and headed home for the summer. Sophie was finally taught at home because all the kids at her school thought that she would hex them if they got in her way, so she was absolutely miserable. Then Marnie got a scholarship to Witch University that changed everything. Gwen was against her going at first, but she finally agreed to let Marnie go to Witch U on the condition that Dylan went with her. Dylan of course, was more than happy to go since he felt he wouldn't fit in at a normal college, plus Callie had gotten in too and Dylan really wanted to see her. So they packed their bags and went off to Witch U the following day. Once there, Scarlet Sinister immediately tried to get Dylan to fall for her so she and her sisters Sapphire and Sage could use him to do their work for them. Unfortunately for them, Dylan had Callie and the two had a great time together. They went on dates, studied together, and generally had a great time. So it was that Dylan never fell under the Sinister sisters' spell and eventually foiled the evil plan that their father Silas and the Dominion had for Halloweentown with the help of Aggie, Gwen and Marnie. Gwen saw that her children could indeed take care of themselves and agreed to let them remain at Witch U, where they stayed until they graduated. Once they left Witch U, Dylan decided to marry Callie and live in Halloweentown, but he still came to visit his mother in the mortal world. Marnie eventually took over as head of the Cromwell line when Aggie died and she did a fine job leading the Cromwell family into the future.[Chapter 2] I have been unable to post for quite some time, so I would recommend you check out my stories posted on Scribd and Wattpad. On Wattpad: AndreaYoung886 (my Wattpad profile). On Scribd: my Scribd profile ","Summary":" Halloweentown 2.5: Dylan's Dilemma CHARACTERS CROMWELLS MARNIE (CROMWELL) PIPER: eldest Piper child"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Halloweentown: Calibar's Return","Author":"Jaq O Diamonds","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11223912","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Halloweentown: Calibar's Return OR The Return of the Ars Demonicum By: Gabriel Kayne !Disclaimer! I own nothing except the story and the OCs, maybe not even that! I am pretty broke, after all. I am broke like MC Hammer! Lol, but seriously, I own none of the copyrighted materials, which belong to their respective owners. And now, your feature presentation!(Cue Dramatic Drum Roll and Planet of the Apes Orchestral music from the original movie, or wherever that song Also Spracht Zarathustra is from{I know, really obscure reference}) Prelude- The Curse of One's Birth \" Why are you doing this? I didn't do anything! I'm not my fa-!\" A young man cries out, into the darkness before screaming in agony. \" Shut up! You will stay here 'til you rot! Serves you right. After all, it's only a matter o' time 'til you follow in His footsteps.\" A voice replies in a cockney accent, laughing cruelly. \" I'm not a monster like him! I hate that man! Why won't you believe me?! AAAAAghhhh!\" the young man screams again, the sound piercing through the night. \" Because yer a liar! You and yer entire family! Now shut it!\" the voice says, mocking the man's plight. \" I promise you…. I will get out of here, and when I do…. I will destroy you, and then prove that I am nothing like-AAAAAAAHHHHH!\" the young man pants, his entire body feeling like it's cracking into pieces. \"Cromwells… stay safe until I can find you.. please… you're the only ones who can stop this…\" he whispers wearily, slowly slipping into unconsciousness.[Chapter 2] Halloweentown: Kalabar's Return By: Gabriel Kayne DISCLAIMER! I OWN NOTHING! A.N.- Sorry for the lack of updates, i just have had a lot going on, what with the move to another city, my new job, and writer's block out the ass. I will try to update more often, so please be patient. as always, ENJOY THE SHOW! (theme from 2001: a space odyssey plays, as a curtain opens and the author is seen naked covered in soap before screaming and trying to cover his areas.) Chapter One- The Man From The Dreams… Marnie Piper and her younger sister Sophie, two witches in an ancient magical family are walking outside of a mall, bringing some things home from their shopping spree. \"Hey, Marnie, What's up with you, lately? You seem a bit distracted. Is something wrong?\" \"No, I've just been having these weird dreams, lately. It's the strangest thing, but I feel as if they mean something.\" \"What're they about?\" \"There's this guy in them being tortured by somebody, asking for help. He looks kind of familiar, but I can't quite place it. He also says something about this thing called 'Ars Demonicum', and that time was running out for someone. He was really cute, even with that scar, and that strange eye of his.\" \"What did it look like?\" \"It had a sort of design in it, and it was black with three red circles in it, one inside the other, while the other one was green. He looked kind of desperate, though.\" \"Hmmm, maybe we should ask Grandma Aggie about it. She would probably know more about what these things mean.\" \"Yeah, she would. Well, let's get home.\" Marnie says, about to cast a spell, when all of a sudden there is a flash of light and a young man dressed in torn rags is propelled out of it, falling on the ground. The sisters immediately rush forward and check on him. That is when Marnie gets a shock. In front of them, in the flesh, is the man from her dreams. He is a fair-skinned youth, with a black scar over his left eye in the shape of an 'x'. His hair is long and dirty blonde, greasy from years of grime. However, even with the muck, there is no smell, and he is still handsome. \"Who is this guy, Marnie? Where did he come from?\" \"I don't know, Sophie, but we need to get him home. Grandma'll know what to do.\" She answers, noticing something that sends chills down her spine. In his hand is a necklace, one that should have been in Halloweentown with her brother Dylan. The Gift, a magical item that allows a Cromwell witch to utterly control another being, a power that is forbidden, and is punishable by death. Together, they magically travel to their home, and their mother is outside, wondering why they are home so early, until she sees the unconscious man in between them. \"Oh my god, what happened? Are you okay? Who is he? Where did you find him?\" Judith, their mother, asks, to which they explain. They then go inside and get the family Witch's Glass, and contact their grandmother. She immediately magics herself there, and examines him. All of a sudden he lets loose a bloodcurdling scream and wakes up, eyes darting around the room in panic before he notices the others around him. \"Where am I? Who are you?\" \"You're safe. My name's Marnie Piper and this is my family. Do you know what happened when you appeared in front of me?\" \"It worked, then. To answer your question, I have to ask for your assistance. There is a cult known as Ars Demonicum that is hell-bent on controlling both the mortal realm and Halloweentown. I have no love for that place, but I refuse to allow anyone to fall under this group's control. Especially considering what they will do to everyone once they succeed.\" \"What'll they do? Who are you?\" \"My name is Caliban. I can't go into specifics, but I will tell you that they wish to make a living hell on both realms, literally.\" \"How did you get here? Why have I been dreaming about you so much? How do you know these things?\" \"How I arrived here, as well as the source of my knowledge, is unimportant. As for why you have been 'dreaming' of me, I cannot say. All that matters is that we stop these monsters, if you will pardon the term, from destroying everything. Please, you have to trust me. I have no reason to lie to you, especially since I need your help. I beg you; help me stop the Ars Demonicum.\" \"Why don't you like Halloweentown?\" \"That is private. All you need to know is that, as much as I hate that place, I don't want anyone, even my worst enemy, to suffer under the rule of those… things .\" \"You aren't giving us much reason to trust you, Caliban. And I have to say, your name sounds an awful lot like those of two other enemies we've faced. Namely Kalibar and Cal. Why is that?\" Aggie asks suspiciously. \"Because, unfortunately, they are my father and brother.\" Caliban answers, causing the others to immediately ready themselves to attack. \"Wait, before you kill me, allow me to explain. They are only related to me by blood, nothing more. My 'father' was constantly trying to pit me and my 'brother' against each other, forcing me to fight against him to the death. Of course, I say forced me because Caliburn was more than eager to kill me. Probably sibling jealousy or some such garbage. Those were the first ten years of my life. I always ended the day by being branded for my failures, literally. On my sixteenth birthday, however, something… happened. During one of my…training sessions, as he called them, I lost control. Ten servants died that day. They were more my family than the two I am related to, and I slaughtered them, like animals. All in five minutes, ten people- good people- died. I- I tore them apart. That was the day my dear old dad decided to push my training even further, by taking out my eye and giving me this… thing. Ever since then, I have been able to see the truth of things, whether it be a statement, a hidden item, or someone's innermost secrets, their very soul. And that scared him. I was soon locked up in the dungeon, chained to the ceiling, hooks stabbed through my body, a mask covering my entire head, so that life was darkness to me. However, about ten years ago my father was defeated and destroyed. My 'brother' disappeared. I was alone. Eventually I was found by a group of people that were… resentful towards my father and brother. I had a faint glimmer of hope that I would be allowed to have a life of my own.\" He says, laughing wryly. \"Funny, for a second I thought that I would be helped. That someone would care. Strange how things work out, huh? As soon as I told them who I was they put blood-chains on me and dragged me to the Tower, leaving me there to rot. The only times that I had any contact with anyone was for my daily beatings. They broke every bone in my body at least once. I was told that I was nothing. I WAS nothing. The only thing that kept me going was my memories of mother, as few as they were. However, a few weeks ago I had a… vision. It wasn't much, but it was enough to give me purpose. That purpose is to destroy the Ars Demonicum.\" \"Why do you need us?\" Marnie asks, sadness overwhelming her at hearing his tale. \"Because, your family founded that order, and magic law dictates that a group can only be destroyed by the blood of those that created it. And yes, I am serious. I wouldn't be here if I wasn't completely sure of this. Now, will you help me?\" \"What makes you think our family started this?\" Judith asks, suspiciously glaring at him. \"Because, I see the truth of things. I already tried to destroy them, but I failed completely. The punishment was… unpleasant, to put it politely. Anyways, I soon 'looked' into things, so to speak, and saw who created this… cult. Alistair Cromwell, founder of the Cromwell bloodline. I was, to be honest, quite shocked. To put it succinctly, I am unable to destroy these… interlopers, these… demons, for lack of a better word, without your help. Now will you lend me your aid?\" \"I don't know. I don't quite trust you, young man, but for some reason I don't think you care whether we do or not. What do you all think?\" Aggie asks the rest of the family, to which they all have unsure expressions on their faces. All except for one of them. \"Marnie, we should help him. He needs us.\" Sophie says, conviction in her eyes. \"Sophie, what are you saying? What makes you think he's telling the truth?\" Dylan asks, exasperation evident in his expression. \"I don't know, I just know he needs our help.\" \"Correction: I don't need anyone's help. I simply have no other choices, considering how little time we have.\" \"Well, we might as well think on this overnight and decide in the morning. Come, let me show you where you'll be sleeping tonight.\" Judith says, clearly exhausted from the information that has been forced on her, as is everyone else. \"I don't sleep, or rather, I can't. It is physically impossible for me to sleep. I would like to have some sustenance, however. I have not eaten in almost two decades.\" \"Oh, well, we have some leftovers in the fridge. Let me heat it up for you.\" She replies. \"Thank you, Ms. Cromwell.\" \"No problem, and it's Piper, not Cromwell.\" \"My apologies. I meant no disrespect.\" He says, bowing his head respectfully. \"It's nothing. As for the rest of you, bed. NOW.\" ","Summary":" Halloweentown: Calibar's Return OR The Return of the Ars Demonicum By: Gabriel Kayne !Disclaimer! I"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Hallows","Author":"Abrus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12176124","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I, Marniselae Cromwell, do hereby invoke the Powers of Darkness! Come hither to my aide!\" There's complete silence except for the breeze rustling through the trees all around them. Marni shivers in her thin cloak and squints through a tiny sliver of an opening underneath her eyelids. Luke's red eyebrows are raised skeptically. Nope. Nothing. \" I , Marniselae Cromwell , do hereby invoke the Powers of Darkness !\" Marni can usually feel when her magic is working, and it most definitely isn't. Luke doesn't think so either. \"Marni, I don't think it's working.\" He's only just recently started to call her Marni, and even though he's being annoying, she smiles at him. She's known him for her entire six year existence, but the etiquette of Halloweentown demands that the members of her very important family be called by their full names. She always grits her teeth when she goes into town and everyone calls her grandma Aggie \" Agatha \". She really does like her full name though. It sounds awesome when she's trying to invoke stuff. The Powers of Darkness are her favorite. The sun is shining rather cheerfully though; everyone knows the Powers of Darkness aren't all that in to sunlight. And she's technically still on her grandmother's property. Grandma Aggie had to put wards up guarding against the use of especially strong spells a few weeks ago because Dylan had accidentally blown his potion up again and burnt down half the kitchen. Maybe if they just go far enough into the woods surrounding the house… \"It's alright though,\" Luke shrugs. \"You can always get me another toy car the next time you visit your dad.\" Marni rolls her eyes. \"That's like, a whole Mortal year from now.\" \"Oh. Yeah. Right.\" Marni sniffles and kicks the ground with her boot. It's the first year she's been allowed to buy the ones with the tiny square heel on the bottom. She loves the pointed toes. She feels like a grown-up witch in them. \"I'm really sorry I can't find it Luke.\" Luke senses the oncoming meltdown and quickly intervenes. \"Marni, it's fine . It'll turn up eventually!\" \"But I should be able to do this! I'm supposed to be a good witch! I have to complete my training when I'm thirteen Luke! Grandma Aggie has to have me to carry on the Cromwell Line. Stupid Dylanearus just sits and reads his dumb Magic Theory books all day. He can't do magic at all-\" \"Marni, he's only five -\" \"And Mommy wouldn't even come and visit this year. She won't come back for a really long time, and she's already lost a lot of her magic. She couldn't even-\" \" Marniselae! \" She doesn't let the formal name stop her though. She's always liked the Goblin accent that Luke puts on her name anyway. She just plows right on. \"She couldn't even do a simple Levitation spell Luke! Baby stuff . I was doing those at age two! Two ! What if I end up a dud like that ?! What if they kick me out of Halloweentown because I turn human?! Oh my Merlin, what if…\" Marni trails off, the possibilities just too horrible to consider. She refuses to think about it. She just can't. Instead, she bursts into tears. Luke stands there with his hands in his pockets, looking worried and somewhat frightened. At eight years old, and a Goblin at that, he has no idea what to do with a sobbing witch. He hates how sad Marni is whenever she goes to visit her mortal father and flighty witch mother in the Mortal World every Halloween. She comes back even more melancholy than when she left. This is the worst she's ever cried though. \"Marni, it's going to be okay,\" he says softly, and slowly brings his arms around her skinny little shoulders. The breeze in the trees stops. The leaves go silent, and the world seems to hold its breath for the moment Marni remains tense against his shoulder and neck. And then she sighs and hugs him back, relaxing under his hold. Time begins again. \"Do you think I'm a bad witch, Luke?\" \"No. I'll never think that.\" \"Even if I grow sixteen warts like Aunt Harriet?\" \"Hey! Harriet is really nice!\" \"I didn't say she isn't nice.\" \"She's not a bad witch. You won't ever be one, either. Warts or no warts. Besides, warts are hardly the grossest body part in Halloweentown, Marni.\" After a moment, Luke pats her back somewhat awkwardly and takes her by the hand. He leads her around the side of the house and through the giant gate in the front. They sit on the rocky ledge on the side of the hill. Luke watches the creatures mill around the streets, pointing out the funny actions of some. Marni has eyes only for the square's giant pumpkin. Luke is at the Cromwell House with his mother, having a nice lunch with Aggie (it's still weird to call her that), when it happens. All of a sudden, there's a beating on the door, and Aggie frowns because she didn't even feel someone coming. She rushes to it and throws it open and there stands Benny. He's parked the car haphazardly across the lawn, and the front gates are askew from barely having the time to jump out of the way of the yellow cab before it crashed into them. \"Aggie, come quick. It's the kids.\" It's the first time Luke has seen Benny somber, and it's the first time he's seen Aggie move that quickly. He doesn't even think about it; he's up and following her out the door and into the cab before he's even registered what's going on. \"Please watch the house!\" Aggie calls out to his mother. Benny speeds so quickly down the hill and zigzags so fast through the two streets to the town square Luke has to peel himself off the seat when the cab finally stops. There's Marni, in the middle of the square, with practically everyone in Halloweentown watching as she screams, and screams, and screams. She hasn't even been gone four hours Halloweentown time yet to visit her parents in the Mortal World. She's writhing against her mother, fighting the strong hold she has on her, and sobbing so hard she can't breathe. Dylanearus and Sophronia are clutching each other near the giant Jack-o-lantern, both crying and shaking. Something terrible has happened. Luke makes himself move when Aggie reaches Marni. Her mother instantly lets go of her, and Marni would have hit the ground had Luke not dived instinctively to catch her. He takes the brunt of her fall, and she curls into him and howls in a way that sounds more like a banshee than a witch. \"Gwendolyn! What-\" \"It's William, Mother. William is gone. I don't know why I didn't think of it before you sent her, but it's been a few months since the accident and you know we split ages ago-\" \"You! You inconsiderate- I can't believe you're my daughter ! To be so careless with your own children. I knew I made the right decision when I insisted you leave their raising to me. You're not nearly stable enough to-\" \"Well it's not exactly as though there's a telephone between this godforsaken place and my world -\" \"Your world?! This is your world, Gwen! This !\" Marni has stopped wailing, and is now merely keening low, mournful sounds in her throat. Luke is thirteen now, the age Marni is so eager to reach herself. He knows more about comforting girls than he did when he was younger. But this is out of his hands. He doesn't know how to end grief like this. He hears a tiny sniffle behind him amid the screaming of the Cromwell matriarchs. He turns and sees Sophie reaching out for him. It's the first time he's been able to think of her as Sophie. She's always been like a tiny little princess to him, deserving of her regal title. And Dylan has always been too irritating to think of him as anything but Dylanearus, but seeing him now with tear tracks down his stoic face and shaking knees, Luke can't help but think of him as a friend. He holds his hand out to both of them. Sophie rushes to him, about to collapse down next to her sister, but he stops her. He looks up at Dylan, staring into his eyes through his giant glasses and sharing the grief there. It hurts more than anything to see Marni like this. \"Help me get her up.\" Dylan doesn't say anything, just reaches down for his big sister. She blindly grasps his hand, and he pulls her up with Luke's help. When she's steady and leaning on Dylan, Luke bends and scoops up tiny Sophie. Together, they limp like refugees to the backseat of Benny's cab. He's already sitting in the driver's seat, and tries to crack a joke about the spectacle Agatha and Gwendolyn are still making in the town square. None of them laugh. Aggie's spell against her own daughter takes all of them by surprise. \" I relegant tibi vos ingratus puera ex domo et ex hoc loco !\" Marni has been studying Latin spells recently. She knows what her grandmother has done. She watches with stinging eyes as her mother is violently dragged from the square by some invisible hand and forcibly shoved into the yellow bus. Its tires screech as it skids against the ground and back up into the sky, vanishing entirely from view. Marni isn't sorry to see it go. It is a week before Marni's thirteenth Halloween. She was born on the summer solstice, and had a birthday party then, but tonight is her coming out ball, where she'll showcase all she's learned throughout her training before it officially comes to an end in seven days. It's something she's been looking forward to for her whole life, and talking nonstop about since her birthday. She's never been more excited for anything in her entire life. Luke, however, is miserable. His nose is too big. His ears are way too pointy. His hair is twice the normal shade of red, and his skin is incredibly pale. He's somewhere between average and tall, and more than a bit gangly. His arm muscles are too defined for his mediocre chest. He is literally an ugly Goblin in the midst of the handsomest of warlocks. They're all lined up along the staircase in Aggie's house, waiting to receive the witch of honor, as is custom. He's across from Dylan at the end of the two lines; it's supposed to be a huge honor for a non-relative. Being one of the two boys at the end signifies a very close relationship with the celebrated witch. But all Luke can think of is the fact that Marni will have to walk past all of those attractive, snooty warlock bastards and then meet his ugly mug at the end. What a let-down that must be for her! To have all of these guys waiting on her, and then walk into the ball on the arms of her dorky brother and a disgusting Goblin. He stands and fidgets with the collar on his dress robes until Aggie comes to stand between the two lines on the first stair. Sophie is standing on her right, holding tightly to her hand and smiling shyly at the hundreds of gathered guests. Astrid, Harriet's half-elf granddaughter, is on Aggie's left, smiling proudly. Marni is a bit of a protégée of hers; Astrid taught her how to walk in sparkly heeled boots and put on copious amounts of eyeliner. \"I would like to thank all of you for attending this special occasion in the House of Cromwell. The eldest Daughter in the most recent generation of the Cromwell Line has reached the end-point of her training on the cusp of her thirteenth Halloween. I think that you will all be proud to welcome this most accomplished young lady officially into the society of Halloweentown. I am pleased to present my granddaughter, Marniselae Cromwell. \" Everyone claps politely, but in the confined space of the house it sounds like patters of thunder. When Marni comes around the corner, Luke's heart stops in his chest and crashes through the floor. She's dressed head-to-toe in black, and her dress clings to her upper body like a second skin before fanning out in a plethora of spider-web-lace skirts. Her sleeves are wide and form a point that brushes the bottom of her skirt. Her hair is down in wave after wave of curl, very unlike her usual ponytail, and a black sparkly witch's hat sits atop her head. But the most beautiful thing about her is her eyes. He's never seen her with so much fire; so much passion; so much brilliant life. She smiles the widest when she reaches him. Her eyes only skim over the various warlocks that are staring at her as though she's the sun, moon, and universe all in one. Her magic display is performed with perfect precision. She's several years ahead of where any thirteen year old witch has the right to be. He knows that memorizing spells is her weakness, but she doesn't stutter once over the Old Welsh, Latin, English, or Gaelic. The spells she cast burst into being over the heads of the people in the audience. He's never seen anything so spectacular. He could swear she's glowing herself the entire time. The next morning, he kneels enthusiastically on the floor in front of the Shadow Creature. When the evil thing touches him on the shoulder, asking if he's ready, the reply that's been on the tip of his tongue since laying eyes on Marni the night before spills from him almost without permission. \"I am yours.\" He feels an odd feeling slide over his entire body; almost like a slippery wet eel gliding along his skin. When he reaches up, the tips of his ears are round. He is beautiful. Marni hasn't been back to the Mortal World since her father's death and her mother's public humiliation. The Shadow Creature can take her back when he conquers it. And Luke can go with her, as a Mortal, a creature she loves but can never be, next to her in a world she can never belong to. He can be human for her. Marni hates the way Luke has changed. He's ditched her on several occasions since her ball, and when she does catch glimpses of him, he looks nothing like himself. He looks like a human . He's running with a gang-like group of boys, and causing mayhem all over Halloweentown. All she wants is her friend back. She knows it's shallow, but she tries to cast a spell from her room at home in the new cauldron Astrid gifted her with. She tries to turn his nose back to normal. It was the most wonderful nose in all of Halloweentown. Something blocks her spell. Something big, and dark, and chaotic. Something very, very evil is surrounding Halloweentown this brilliant morning. Her grandmother appears in the doorway when she's through. There's a disturbed, knowing look in her grandmother's eyes. \"It's the Bad Thing, isn't it?\" They've been keeping an eye on it in the Witch's Glass for almost a year now. Grandma Aggie nods. \"I'm afraid it is, my dear.\" Marni takes a deep, shuddering breath. Astrid had been expressing concern over Harriet's changes. Now the Bad Thing has taken hold of Luke, too. It can't go on any longer. Her training is over. It's time to take her place as the most powerful Cromwell in centuries. She looks at her grandmother and tries to smile a bit, but it comes out as a grimace. \"Alright, Grandma. Go get the talisman.\" Aggie smiles, thoroughly delighted in spite of the circumstances. Marni is turning out to be a very fine witch indeed. \"I think we should pay your mother a visit.\" Marni freezes and snaps her head up to stare in disbelief at her grandmother. \"Are you high ?!\" she shrieks. It's possibly the most offensive thing she's ever said to an Elder. Aggie blinks at her. \"No, of course not. I haven't been high since 1967. Oh, those were the days, although the Code was being challenged along with the Man and-\" \"Grandma,\" Sophie interrupts. Her bottom lip is quivering. Aggie sighs, and reaches out to squeeze Dylan's shoulder. He violently shrugs her off, and she frowns. \"My dears, you must understand… The Cromwell line is strongest when all of the Cromwells are together. This type of evil requires the most forceful of Light. We need Gwen.\" \"Well Gwen has never needed us!\" Marni snaps. \"Otherwise she'd be here. This is Halloween. She's had hours in the Mortal World to come and visit.\" \"I know. I know. But we must try. Grab your cloaks, come along.\" Aggie snatches her deep ruby-colored cloak and briskly strides out the front door. Sophie sighs and slings her green one around her shoulders, an old hand-me-down of Marni's. Dylan grabs a blue one that he's rapidly outgrowing. Marni snarls in rage and snaps her brand new cloak around her shoulders. It was a coming-of-age gift from Astrid, and apparently the latest fashion, all black velvet with spider-web-lace strings. It settles around her shoulders like a black cloud to represent her mood. She fingers the moonstone around her neck that's very similar to the one around her grandmother's throat. All witches receive one upon their thirteenth birthday. It's her most prized possession. She doesn't let go of her necklace the entire way into town. They pass by the movie theater, Luke's new hangout. He isn't there, though, and Marni has to force down the lump in her throat and let go of her stone, because Luke helped Aggie pick it out for her. She boards the bus without stumbling once on her boots; at one inch, they have the highest heel she's worn yet. Hours later, Marni storms off of the bus, still fuming. She's so angry she doesn't see Harriet, and barrels right into her. \"Oh, my Merlin, Harriet! I'm so sorry!\" she gasps. Harriet grabs her elbow to steady her and smiles very kindly. \"Watch out, Marni! Wouldn't want to spill the muffins. Actually, would you like one? I baked them early this morning and thought I'd take them down to the Headless Shelter for breakfast. Didn't occur to me that they couldn't eat them; no heads!\" Harriet cackles, and Marni manages a weak smile. It's still morning here in Halloweentown. In the Mortal World, it had been dark outside, and there had been mortal children running every which way, dressed in a mockery of her world. Even there, with everyone dressed up, they'd stuck out. Amid all the cheap costume fabric, not meant for everyday wear, they'd been in real clothes. Marni's deep purple dress had been ogled by many girls, and a group of boys dressed like cowboys and Indians had winked at her. Granted, she is wearing a fuller skirt than she does most days, but it is officially Halloween, and her thirteenth at that. More ruffles than usual aren't that conspicuous. Dylan is still ranting about how the same group of boys that had winked at her had pointed and hooted at him; Dylan had left the house in pants similar to mortal jeans, a warlock's tunic printed with stars, and a casual cloth pointed hat. What wouldn't be blinked twice at here in Halloweentown had been considered odd in the mortal world, even on Halloween. \" What are you supposed to be, they asked,\" Dylan huffs, tugging Marni away from Harriet. \"What were they supposed to be? Wanna-be centaurs and fauns?\" Marni waves goodbye to Harriet, and yanks her arm away from Dylan. She doesn't see Aggie or Sophie anywhere, so she assumes they both went home. Dylan and Marni hail Benny down and climb in the backseat. \"Where to?\" \"Our grandmother's house, of course. Where else?\" \"Over the river and through the woods. Gotcha.\" Benny will never understand that he is not, in fact, hilarious. But Marni always makes sure to at least giggle at his jokes. He tries so hard. They see their grandmother on the street on the way, busy comparing prices at the market. There's always a giant vendor festival on Halloween. It goes on into the late night. They ask Benny to pull over, and Marni briefly wonders where Sophie has gone off to (probably the ice cream shop, the Abominable Snowman always gives her free cones) when she spots them. The brooms. Out of cauldrons, cloaks, ritual daggers, ancient spell books, heeled boots, pointy hats, and candy bats, the one thing she wanted most in the world hadn't been gifted to her at her coming out ball. She'd wanted a broom of her very own since she was younger than Sophie, and right there they are, next to the movie theater, just waiting for her. \"Grandma!\" Marni gasps, and rushes over to them. She runs her fingers over silver sticks and multicolored bristles. \"Oh, yes,\" Aggie says, with a twinkle in her eye. \"I suppose it is the rite of passage for a witch your age. Silly me. I forgot.\" Marni understands that her grandmother wanted her to have this last, most wonderful gift on her actual thirteenth Halloween. Marni understands, and she almost cries. The vendor winks at her. \"Wanna try one out?\" Marni nods eagerly, but then senses someone behind her. She whirls around, and there for the first time in days stands Luke. His red hair is much tamer, and his nose is perfectly small and average. His ears are disgustingly round. Marni thinks he looks hideous and puny in comparison to his old striking Goblin features. Dylan frowns, sensing the same strange darkness that she does, and moves to step in front of her. For the first time in a while, she feels a rush of affection for her younger nerdy brother. \"Well, well. What do we have here? Little baby Marni , out shopping for her very first broomstick.\" He's never twisted her nickname like that, in a way meant to be disrespectful and mocking. She hates it. She hates this Luke. Her heart is twisting inside her chest and bleeding at the seams. Aggie frowns. \" Luke .\" Luke just snorts. \"Cool it, Grandma.\" Aggie gasps in indignation, but she backs off. This is Marni's fight. Marni snarls. \"What do you want, Luke?\" He smirks. \"Come on, Marni. Don't be like that. You and I both know I've turned into a bit of a big cheese around here. Let's go grab a cone. I know the Abominable Snowman's place down the street is your favorite.\" Marni's face darkens, and she takes a threatening step forward. She raises her chin and squares her shoulders in that aristocratic, Cromwell way. \"You know, I was kind of hungry, but then I smelled something nasty. It must have been the big cheese .\" She hears Aggie snort behind her, and gives Luke a smirk of her own. But then Luke's face falters, and there's pain and confusion and a strange sort of sadness. Aggie puts her hands on Marni's arms and gently pulls her away from Luke. \"Perhaps another time,\" Aggie says kindly. Dylan feels the most betrayed out of all of them though, and Hades will freeze over before he lets anyone hurt his sister. Luke had been his only real friend, and now he's running around with the guys that pick on him every solstice. Dylan steps forward, in front of Marni entirely, and smiles dangerously. He might not have a lot of power, but what he does have is very volatile. He can feel his fingers start to tingle, and knows it's only a matter of seconds before the blue sizzling light appears. \"Yeah,\" Dylan snarls, agreeing with his grandmother, \"like never .\" Aggie raises an eyebrow and peers down at Dylan, surprised that her grandson would be so outspoken and angry. She's never known him to be so quick to cut ties. After the death of his father and the public spectacle Aggie and Gwen had made, Luke and Dylan had been almost like brothers. Luke immediately jumps to his own defense. He rarely ever got angry at Dylan, but when he did, the sparks flew from him, too. \"You know what, if you people were smart, you'd be nice to me. I'm friends with some very powerful creatures around here.\" He backs away, tripping over broomsticks as he goes. Marni aches as she watches him disappear around the corner of a building. \"Oh, that Luke dude. He's turned into such a wiener,\" the vendor says, trying to lighten the mood. Marni laughs a bit, but her grandmother is still staring after Luke with way too much concern. Marni purchases the Windsweeper 5000, a beautiful broom with red, orange, and yellow chrome detailing. Marni's favorite Halloween colors. Her grandmother smiles at her. \"Now your training is officially complete. Would you like to show off your broom riding skills?\" Marni grins. \"Only if you come with me.\" Aggie claps her hands in delight, and Marni kicks off into the bright blue sky. \"If you marry him, I am not calling him Dad ,\" Marni snarls, staring out the window of the mayor's office and into the street. She's known Kalabar for what seems like most of her life, but she never truly knew him until now. She is going to kill Sophie for staying behind in the Mortal World and making it necessary for Gwen to come bring her back. Now Gwen is stuck here because the busses aren't running. She's already almost started another confrontation with Aggie in the street. Marni will never live in the Mortal World. Marni will never become her mother- a coward that gave up her children in order to pursue a life with a Mortal man, and then asks for them back when life without the Mortal man proves to be too much to bear. Sophie would become human. Dylan would become human. And though Marni loves to study the culture, and even embrace it, human is what they will never be. Halloweentown is their home, and she wants nothing more than to send the intruder back. Sophie comes to stand by the window with her. Dylan sits on a chair next to them, his chin on his knees and his glasses slipping off. They all refuse to look at their mother. \"Look,\" Sophie says after several moments of awkward silence. \"Grandma is following the wiener.\" Marni's eyes snap to where Sophie is pointing. Her grandmother is following Luke into the old movie theater. The dark, foreboding feeling inside of her swells and swells. She glances at Dylan, and knows he feels it too. Marni takes off running. Mom! The word keeps ringing over and over in Marni's ears. She clatters down the steps and her heel gets wedged in the lattice work on the bottom one, tripping her. She falls hard to her knees, and whimpers. Mom! She had never understood what being a trained Cromwell matriarch meant. She had never realized her position as a sworn protector of the Light, until now. Going up against that Shadow Creature will be the hardest thing she has ever done. She keeps reliving the moment when her grandmother fell, sparks flying underneath her skin, and then her mother. She keeps hearing her own scream in her head. She never thought she'd care so much about seeing her mother get zapped. And Luke. She couldn't do anything against Luke. She had watched as he jumped to his feet, watched as her mother used her shaky, faulty powers to wrap him in flowered vines. But for all her training, she hadn't been able to use her powers against him. Not Luke. Not her best friend. What kind of a best friend sells his soul to a Shadow Creature and delivers her grandmother up on a silver platter? Marni doesn't stop shaking until she feels a tiny hand resting on her shoulder. She looks up to see a tear-stained Sophie. \"I want Mommy and Grandma.\" Marni takes a deep, shuddering breath, and wipes her stinging palms together. There are tiny pieces of gravel embedded in her skin, but not as much blood as she thought there would be. \"I know. And I am going to get Mommy and Grandma back.\" \"Awesome!\" Dylan intervenes, clearly still panicking. \"Now let's get out of here before that shadow thing gets us too!\" \"No,\" Marni shakes her head slowly, taking deep breaths and reaching for clarity. Her training is kicking in. Her grandmother has spent the past thirteen years preparing her for this moment. \"No. It won't follow us. It was hurt by the sunlight.\" \"We need to get back home,\" Dylan says. \"Not yet. There are some things we need to get first.\" Dylan scoffs in disbelief. \"You're going to do some shopping? Now ?!\" \"We have to finish the witch's brew Grandma and I have been working on. She got the talisman out this morning.\" Marni nods. \"I don't know…\" Dylan bites his lip, but he follows dutifully behind them when Marni and Sophie walk back onto the street. This would be the one spell Marni doesn't have memorized yet. She's filled the talisman up. Getting the ingredients had been the most sneaky, underhanded thing she's ever done. Usually she just orders her ingredients from the apothecary and has them shipped to the house, but she needs them fresh today, and she needs them now . But she's tried every incantation and invocation she can think of, and nothing has made the light in the talisman go on. \"Some witch you are!\" Dylan snaps in frustration. Then Sophie starts singing, and Marni begins to smile. \"Out of my way, Luke.\" She has never been angrier or more hurt in her life. She's changed her clothes into a flowy orange, pink, and purple tunic, and put on more sensible shoes. If she's going to be climbing the Jack-o-lantern, she really doesn't want to have to worry about her heels. She grabbed her grandmother's cloak on the way out of the house, a loose plan forming in her mind. Almost all of Halloweentown had seen her out and about today. She can't be recognized. Her siblings are already hiding. Her heart is beating out of her chest. She can sense the Bad Thing getting closer and closer. She doesn't have much time. \"Marni, you have to listen to me!\" Luke growls as she tries to sidestep him. He grabs her shoulders and slams her against the brick wall behind her, effectively trapping her. \"Look, I didn't know he was going to do that to your mom and grandma. I would never have-\" Marni rolls her eyes. She really doesn't have time for this. Her magic is humming in her veins in response to the darkness in the air. \"Save your tricks, twerp, okay? I'm busy .\" She tries to move around him again, but he doesn't let her. \"Marni! He's the one that's tricking you, alright, this is all a trap! He tricked me too. He said all he wanted was the talisman, and then he'd let your grandma go.\" He's so different. But his earnest blue eyes are the same. She still doesn't have time for this. The sky is darkening by the second. \"I said, get out of my way -\" It's too late. Clouds rush in, clouds darker than any normal cloud would have the right to be, and lightning strikes the top of the court house. The wind picks up and brushes Marni's bangs across her forehead. Luke shudders. \"He's coming!\" Then Luke is pushing her down behind some hay, and Marni doesn't even bother with protesting. She's shivering inside of her cloak, and all of the darkness is leaving a bitter taste on her tongue. A swirling cloud drops the Shadow Creature onto the roof. Almost all of the creatures of Halloweentown are present; today is Halloween, and the festivities of the night are about to begin. Apparently they've been delayed. \"My fellow creatures-!\" The demon begins. Marni glances back to where her siblings are hiding, to Luke, and to the Jack-o-lantern. \"I offer you a chance to return to the days of glory. To end this exile from the mortal world, which the humans have forced upon us! Follow me, my fellow citizens of Halloweentown. Too long we've been exiled to this second-class world!\" To her horror, Marni watches as certain creatures nod in agreement. Can't they see what is going on here? Don't they know the evil this creature possesses? Marni raises the talisman, studying the glow. She frowns in determination, and cuts her hard gaze to Luke. He looks petrified. \"I've got to install this thing before it's too late.\" The Jack-o-lantern is dark, and with its darkness, so arises the darkness in the creatures of Halloweentown. If she lets this continue, there will be nothing to stop their darker natures from taking over entirely. And then there are gasps from the crowd; she looks up to see not the Shadow Creature spewing hateful propaganda, but… \"Kalabar!\" Marni gasps. She whips her head around to glare accusingly at Luke. \"You knew ?!\" \"Marni, I made an awful mistake. So let me try to make up for it.\" Marni sobs with every pained groan of Luke's underneath the hood of her grandmother's cloak. She's running through the crowd, pushing and shoving. Almost there… Kalabar keeps shocking her best friend, and she has to install this talisman and banish him to get it to stop. The weight of the entire dimension is on her shoulders. What if she doesn't make it? She's on top of the pumpkin before she hears it. Luke's cry is anguished. \" NNNNNOOOOOOO! \" She gasps and for a split second meets Kalabar's crazed eyes. She has only a nanosecond to get the talisman out of her pocket, and then she is hit. She cries out as the ball of power hits her lower back. She always has defensive wards around her body just in case, but these blue bursts break through them as though they are nothing but wax paper. She feels all of her nerves sizzle and burn. The feeling intensifies every time she is hit. Darkness dances around her eyes, and she goes limp. No one is coming to save her now. No one is left. It is just her. Her, and thirteen years' worth of Cromwell training. She can feel the last of her defensive barriers drying up. Soon, she'll be unconscious entirely. Voices slide inside of her ears, reaching her brain through her haze. Some witch you are! Let me try to make up for it. All you have to do is want something, and then let yourself have it! A simple Levitation spell Luke! Baby stuff! I was doing those at age two! She uses the last of her energy to drop the talisman. Her Levitation spell flips it, and it lands with a dull thud in the bottom of the Jack-o-lantern. LIGHT . Light is everywhere. It bursts up and out, sweeping away clouds and darkness and doubt. It nearly blinds her, even with her eyes closed. She can feel the beautiful light burn all the bad stuff boiling in her blood away. Kalabar screams. He falls. Marni opens her eyes. \" Grandma! \" \" Mom! \" Sophie hurls herself at their mother. Gwen stumbles with the weight of the small girl, then quickly rights them both. She presses kisses to Sophie's hair. It is the first time Marni has seen her mother show any of them any sort of affection. Marni runs right past her, and throws her arms around her grandmother. She smells like apple cider and fallen leaves and candles. She smells like home. There is no trace of the darkness left inside of her. Dylan stands awkwardly between his mother and grandmother, grinning and torn. Marni has never seen him so thrilled. \"NOOOOOOOOOO!\" The wail comes harsh and fast. Marni turns to watch Kalabar stumble haphazardly across the court house steps. He's glaring and squinting in the sudden sun. \"You think you could honestly defeat me? Me?! \" Kalabar's rage terrifies everyone. Citizens begin to come back into their right minds. The more ferocious push others back, out of harm's way. Kalabar holds out his hand. The talisman goes flying out of the mouth of the pumpkin and straight into his hand. Marni's stomach drops to the ground. She can feel her heartbeat on her tongue. She had won. It's not supposed to be this way. Her mother and grandmother step forward. They begin chanting in frantic Latin, but it seemingly has no effect. She has never resented her mother more for not keeping up her powers. Something bigger than she settles inside of her chest. She is deathly calm. Kalabar hurt Luke. Kalabar hurt her family. Kalabar will pay . \"Kalabar.\" Her voice comes out soft and even. Authoritative. It is enough to make him pause his ranting about Gwen's past chances of becoming his Queen. \"You may not be defeated by only my grandmother and mother. However, with the whole existing Cromwell line against you, you will die.\" She commands the attention of the entire town. Everyone's eyes are on her. Her mother looks astounded. Kalabar laughs. Marni takes her grandmother's hand in hers. Aggie takes Gwen's. Gwen, still shocked, reaches for Sophie. Dylan shuffles uncertainly to stand beside Marni. She can feel his fury crackle around him. When she entwines her fingers through his, blue sparks shoot up his arm, around his neck, in his eyes. She begins to hum. Kalabar begins to scream. It is over in moments. The citizens of Halloweentown cheer, and it makes her want to cry. \" Luke! \" Luke cannot bear to look up and see her stunning face in the crowd. She's been calling for him for several minutes. He is not worthy of her notice. He never has been. He never will be. With Kalabar's demise, he has reverted back to his true form. He keeps his head bent under her grandmother's cloak and wishes fervently to sink into the hay bale he's found refuge in. \" Luke? LUKE! \" And suddenly Marni is slamming into him, knocking him over sideways. His arms come up around her to break the fall. She squeezes the life out of him, grinning as though she has won a war. In fact, she has prevented one. \"Hi, Marniselae.\" She goes rigid on top of him. His heart shatters. It is for the best. \"Why would you call me that? I'm Marni, Luke. Just Marni. Say Marni. \" \"I shouldn't.\" \"…Why did you do it Luke? Why did you serve that awful creature? Why did you let him change your face into something so ugly? Why did-\" \"What?!\" He cannot believe what he is hearing. He really can't. \"You thought the change was ugly ?\" \"Of course!\" Marni shrieks so loudly several heads turn in alarm. A banshee even winces. \"Didn't you?\" \"I changed for you.\" \" What ?\" Her voice is dangerous. Angry. \"I. Changed. For. You .\" \"Why? I love your nose! It's the most perfect nose I've ever seen, Luke, don't you know that? And your ears! They're even more beautiful than Astrid's!\" Her eyes have welled with frustrated tears. Luke sits up and wraps an arm around her shoulders. He sits for several long seconds in stunned disbelief. Marni whispers, quiet and ashamed, \"Don't you know how lucky you are? I look like a disgusting human . All average and plain and-\" \" No ,\" he growls. \" No. You're a beautiful witch . Besides, you'll get Marks one day. Practice Marks and coven Marks even, if you choose to join one, and spell Marks…a mate Mark.\" Marni blinks at him uncertainly. He can tell already that she's forgiven him, but something inside of him will never escape the sting of Kalabar's curses if she doesn't say the words. \"You think I'm beautiful?\" she breathes. \"Of course.\" Luke can't help but snort. \"As does the entire young warlock population.\" Marni smiles brilliantly. More brilliantly than the Jack-o-lantern. More brilliantly than the sun. \"Well, I'd much rather go to the Halloween festival with you tonight.\" \"So you forgive me?\" He has to be sure. \"Yes. I forgive you. If someone gave me the chance to stop looking like a human… I don't know. I'd probably do the same thing as you.\" He frowns at the self-deprecating comment, but takes her hand when she rises, anyhow. Marni stares at her mother, bewildered, when she offers to take her and her siblings back with her to the Mortal world. Aggie looks on the verge of tears. Luke's hand tightens around hers brutally. \"No, thanks. See you around, okay Mom? I really have to go get ready for the festival now.\" Marni breaks away from Luke and practically dives into Benny's cab. By the time Luke has caught up, her eyes are dry. Sophie and Dylan quickly follow. Marni dresses in bright orange for the festival. A golden cloak keeps her warm. Her boots are brown. She doesn't want any black reminders of darkness. Luke can't take his eyes off of her. He dances every dance with her, accompanies her to every booth. It's the most fun she can remember having at a festival. Across the street, in the alleyway between two buildings, she sees a boy around Luke's age glaring at her. There are tears in his eyes and hatred in his stance. She blinks, and he has already faded away. She thinks maybe it was a trick of the light. …Then again, it is Halloween. A/N: Happy October! This story will feature one chapter a week for a total of four weeks in this beautiful month, based on the four Halloweentown movies! I hope you enjoy my tricks and treats. If you do, leave a review! - Abrus[Chapter 2] \"Cal?\" Marni pushes the door open just a bit more. The old hinges squeak. The dilapidated shack shudders around her. Why in Merlin's name this is their meeting place, she'll never understand. It's not as though Cal's aunt is ever home. She's been dating the kid for a year and a half now and she's never met a single one of his family members. She doesn't care. She'd follow Cal to the end of the dimension. She thinks she might even be in love with him. Leaf looks up at her and grins. \"Hey, Marni.\" The girl has claimed the window seat for herself as usual. Her hair is green this week. Marni likes it much better than the purple of last week. She's never had an affinity for glamour charms herself, but Leaf seems to love them. \"Hi, Leaf. Is anyone else here yet?\" \"Yeah. Beau and Spider are outside in a mock duel. Our ever-wise leader isn't here yet though. Figures, right?\" Marni snorts. Yes, it does figure. Cal is always late. Honestly. He needs a time travel spell just to get to their dates on time. It's worth the wait every time. Cal is delicious, in a way no other warlock is. \"Who says I'm not here yet?\" Marni and Leaf both whirl around at the sound of Cal's voice, but he's not in the doorway of their hideout. It takes them a moment to realize he's on the door . \"Oh my- Cal, how in the world?!\" Marni is struck speechless. This is magic unlike any she has ever seen. Not even her grandmother uses magic like this. A thrill starts deep in her spine and works its way out to her fingertips. She feels hot all over. Marni has only ever been able to study Light magic. Cal has shown her Darkness, which is not the same as darkness. The wooden face of her beloved smirks back at her. \"I'll teach you guys sometime. Anyway, just thought I'd pop by and tell you all that I'm actually a bit busy today, so I don't have time for our meeting. But next week…well, quite a few things will be different.\" Cal smirks again, then fades away. Leaf shrugs and asks Marni to go get some food at the diner with her, but her voice sounds as if it is coming from underwater a million miles away. Next week is Halloween, and she knows Cal is planning something big. For some reason, it makes her nervous. \"Somebody's coming,\" Sophie announces quietly. Grandma Aggie nods. \"Yes, of course. Shall I put some chowder on, dear?\" Sophie nods solemnly. This is the last year of her training. She takes everything as seriously as possible. On Halloween she will have her very own society ball as Marni had done before her. \"It's just Luke,\" Marni shrugs, glancing out the front window. She tries to ignore the feeling of her stomach dropping to the ground. \"Oh thank Merlin. I'm in some serious need of a conversation not involving dresses,\" Dylan ribs Sophie playfully. Warlocks do not get society balls in their honor when their training is complete. Instead, they get an apprenticeship. Dylan is currently studying at the apothecary. He, too, takes most everything seriously. Marni is tired of serious. \"Hello everyone,\" Luke says when he enters the house. He's carrying a giant paper bag. \"I brought lunch! And candy. Mostly candy.\" \" Yay! \" Sophie lurches out of her seat to carry the bag to the dining room. Aggie turns off the stove with a smile. \"Thank you, Luke! That was very kind of you. Marni, wasn't it kind of Luke to bring your family lunch?\" Aggie winks at Marni encouragingly. Aggie hates Cal. With a passion. Naturally, Aggie knows nothing about Cal's cult, consisting of him, Marni, and three others, or about Cal teaching Marni controversial spells. But her grandmother still can't stand him. She says he gives her a bad feeling. Marni doesn't care. Cal is beautiful. Cal is hers. Her grandma is still under the delusion that Luke of all creatures is her one true match. There had been a time when Marni wholeheartedly agreed. But then Cal had come along, and Luke had made no protest, and why in the world would one of the most eligible Goblins in Halloweentown want to be with a plain old witch like her? She tries futilely to quiet the roaring of her heartbeat in her ears when she looks at him. The goblin in question raises a confused eyebrow. Marni snarls at her grandmother before turning to face him. \"Yes, it was kind. Thank you Luke. Would you like to go up to my room and see my new crystals?\" Luke nods, grateful to escape Aggie's mischievous gaze, and follows Marni up the stairs. He doesn't let her see him cringe every time she mentions Cal's name. Which is often. He's grown up quite a bit in the last three years. And Aggie isn't the only one that thinks Marni should be with him. This is her sixteenth Halloween after all. Shouldn't it be as special as possible? She's prattling on and on about some witch named Leaf, a year older than her and a year younger than him, and how she has green hair this week. Then Marni reaches for a black rock the size of both his fists and spins around, showing it to him with pride. It shines in a dull sort of way. \"See, Luke? Onyx! Cal got me this one just a month ago. It's incredible for harnessing new moon energy.\" Luke nods, smiles, and doesn't bother to hide the bitterness he feels, but of course it goes right over Marni's head. He would have bought her rose quartz and helped her harness something entirely more beneficial than new moon energy. Marni is entirely naked in the cemetery and she sincerely hopes Benny doesn't wander by. She knows this is one of his many haunts in his spare time. \"Welcome, everyone,\" Cal says, and his gaze sets her on fire. She feels like a Jack o'lantern, burning from the inside out. \"Tonight we gather to invoke the powers of the ancients, and of Darkness.\" Marni feels goose bumps erupt on her skin. Next to her, Leaf trembles. Spider hisses across the circle. Beau smirks. \"Tonight we ask not humbly, not innocently, but purposefully and arrogantly for the power to carry out our most ambitious of desires.\" Cal's voice is strong and deep. Marni's knees shake. Spider catches the movement and grins with her pointy teeth. Cal takes out several pieces of onyx, including the one he got for Marni, and places them in a wider circle around them all. Soon, magic is flaring all around them, flinging itself outward and into the thick trees surrounding the graveyard, upward and blending with the blackness of the night sky. Marni breathes in deep, hard and fast, her vision blurring with Leaf's green hair, Spider's harsh fingernails, Beau's dark sparks, Cal's eyes. A cacophony of chaos rules the night, and she spins in the middle. Bare. Wicked. Powerful . Then there is a flashlight, and a shout of \"Hey you kids! Stop right there!\" and she's running. Her clothes are back at the shack, along with her other crystals and the spell book she began at age thirteen, just as her grandmother did before her. She leaves it all. Spider sprints into the trees, Leaf scrambles up the hill. Beau is caught before he can run. His magic is darker than even Cal's. There will be an article in tomorrow's paper about him, for sure. Another warlock stripped of his magic and made Mortal. Marni knows the price of cultism. Marni also knows that she is not untouchable, but she is a Cromwell, and that is close enough. She darts through memorials and hurtles over tombstones. Cal follows. They make it to the road, and skirt along the shadows of buildings. Her magic tingles when Cal casts a Fade spell on himself. He turns the color of shade. She does the same. She is not as advanced at this spell as he is, but it is enough. Naked, she blurs past creatures and witches and pumpkins and Benny's cab. No one looks at her. \"Marni, you have to let me in. Please? Your granny is gone, and the cops will be out looking. I can't keep this spell up forever. My house is on the other side of town,\" Cal pleads through broken pants as they run. Marni hesitates. Grandma Aggie had taken one look at Cal over a year ago and forbidden her from ever bringing him into their home. Marni had argued, but ultimately she had enough respect for her grandmother to do as she said. Now, Marni is faced with a choice; Cal's wrath, and the possible risk of losing him in so many ways, or… \"Of course I'll let you in!\" she calls back to him. She waves her hand when they reach the top of the hill. Sirens wail in the town beneath them. The sight of the gate that has always protected her makes her panic ebb, but only slightly. They jump apart at her will, and stay open for Cal too. Marni and Cal hurtle across the yard, practically dive through the front door. The house is not as empty as they had thought. Luke looks up, startled. He's sprawled across her sofa, reading a book on toadstools. Marni had fallen to her hands and knees after making it through the door. Cal still stands behind her, wary and sprung tight like a spring, ready to bolt. Or fight. The panic comes back tenfold. \"Luke, you can't tell anyone!\" she pleads, scrambling to her feet. \"Marni? Is that you? Why are you using a Fade spell? Where have you been?\" Luke's face changes from confused to horrified. He gestures to the radio with a violent tic of his head. It's on the local news station. Already there are reports of a naked cult practicing Dark magic in the cemetery. \"You've been with Cal, haven't you? Cal and those awful friends of his.\" She realizes that since he can't see her, he doesn't know Cal is here, either. She breathes a sigh of relief. \"It's fine. I'm fine.\" Luke rolls his eyes, then jumps to his feet. He towers above her, all sharp features and hard muscle. Even though his eyes rest a few feet away from her, she feels as though his gaze burns her bare skin. \"I can't believe you, Marni. After everything your grandma Aggie taught you, after all the things you watched me go through with Kalabar, after all the-\" \"Darkness isn't bad, Luke!\" Marni screeches and folds her arms across her naked chest. \"You've heard everyone in this house invoke the Powers of Darkness before!\" \" Yeah , when using them as a counter to Light , or as an ingredient in a very complex spell! But no one in this house has ever performed entirely Dark magic, Marni, and you know it. It's more of a running family joke than anything-\" \"You just don't understand. You're only a Goblin, Luke-\" She knows she has gone too far when Luke's eyes widen, then flare, then narrow. \"Only a Goblin,\" he repeats, dangerously quiet. He stares at her, or where he estimates her to be since she's all but invisible, with deadly anger. She feels sorrow, then pain well up in her chest. \"You're not a warlock,\" she whispers, trying to make him see. \"You don't understand what it's like, to only be allowed to study, understand, and use half your power!\" Luke closes his eyes and pinches the bridge of his pointed nose. When he opens them again, his face is entirely blank. \"I won't tell Aggie, or anyone else, where you were tonight. But if I ever, ever hear of you doing anything like this again, Marni, our friendship is over. And I mean that. I can't keep watching you turn evil. I can't keep watching you with him. \" Marni stares, dumbfounded, as he storms across the room and slams the front door behind him. She turns to Cal, expecting his arms to be open and waiting to comfort her. Instead, he is gone. He probably has been for a while. Marni can't help but feel as though she's still spinning, but in a circle with much higher stakes. When she goes upstairs, she finds a single red rose, perfect in its bloom, lying innocently on her desk. Cal. She falls into bed, exhausted, but pleased. \"Can you believe that Beau boy got his powers stripped?\" Aggie clucks her tongue as she chops up several newt eyes. \"No,\" Marni says quietly. Then, to cover herself, she adds, \"I didn't know him personally, but I'd heard he was very talented.\" \"Very talented at stirring up trouble,\" Aggie agrees. \"Obviously,\" Dylan snorts from behind his biography of Morgan le Faye. \"They caught others from the same cult! They had their powers stripped as well. Two witches, I believe,\" Aggie continues. Marni's blood freezes in her veins. Leaf . \"No, Grandma, one was a half-witch, half-creature,\" Sophie corrects her. \"Oh, that's right.\" Spider. \"That's odd,\" Dylan comments. \"You don't see those in cults often.\" \"You don't see cults often, either, Dylan. They're illegal,\" Aggie reminds him sternly. \"I want all of you to stick clear of the friends of those children. They refused to give up the names of the others in the cult. It could be anyone!\" Sophie and Dylan nod solemnly. Marni whirls and reaches for the first cloak on the rack. \"I'm going for a walk. I told Astrid I might visit her today.\" Aggie stares after her with worried eyes, but doesn't stop her. She escapes into the forest with leaves the color of flames. Halloween arrives, and Marni avoids the eyes of her brother, sister, and grandmother as she tugs on her boots. They have a three-and-a-half-inch heel and the pointiest toe of any she's ever worn. The laces go all the way to her knee. They'd been a sixteenth birthday present from Luke. The doorbell rings and he steps through, ducking his head shyly. Why does he have to be the most beautiful citizen of Halloweentown? It makes Marni hate him a little for not being hers. She shakes her head at herself. Her nerves are so shot she's starting to fantasize about her best friend. She has Cal. That is all she has ever needed. That is all she will ever need. Cal, who teaches her so much and kisses her so well. Luke hands a sundae to her sister, Sophie's favorite kind- a blue flame shoots upward and then fizzles out. Sophie grins at Luke and starts shoveling ice cream into her mouth. Luke hands the newest sorcery encyclopedia to Dylan. Aggie hides her adoring smile with her hand, but not very well, when he hands her a delicious pumpkin roll. Marni remembers the last time she saw him, the awful things she said to him. She remembers Kalabar, and how it had felt to lose Luke to him. She can't go through that again. She doesn't expect him to forgive her any time soon, though. He surprises her by drawing her aside. He pulls a delicate silver chain out of his pocket. A stunning piece of rose quartz dangles from the end of it; Marni's breath gets caught in her throat. Surely Luke doesn't know what a gift of rose quartz means to a witch. She's been trying to get Cal to give her a crystal like that for months. He violently refuses every time, and lately she's stopped pushing. She ignores the doubts in the back of her mind, whispering that perhaps Cal doesn't love her the way she loves him. What a cruel, cruel dimension- Luke is literally handing her everything she's ever wanted and he doesn't even realize it. Luke, meanwhile, watches as Marni's face lights up, and then turns nervous. He knows that what he's doing is risky. He is not an ignorant creature. He knows what giving rose quartz to a witch generally signifies. He only prays that Marni doesn't know that he knows. Not when she's with Cal. Not when she can't be his. \"I noticed you didn't have this one in your collection. You know, the other day. When we were in your room.\" Luke's words are halting and jittery. He can chat to any Goblin girl with the suaveness of freaking Count Dracula, but he can't manage two words to Marni without breaking out in hives. Marni's voice is barely a whisper. He's so close to her and smells so good and it's rare that they're alone anymore. This corner of the room gives her a sense of privacy. She tries very hard not to look at his lips. She fails. \"Thank you so much Luke. It's perfect.\" He nods shortly, and quickly loops the chain around her neck. His hands find their way underneath her hair, and Marni imagines them tightening, tugging, his mouth and body hard against hers- \"It looks great,\" he smiles and lets her hair swing back down against her back. Then his gaze softens. So tender, so caring. It's impossible not to love him in that moment. \"I know today is going to be hard for you guys. I wanted to try to make it better.\" Aggie had talked them into visiting the Mortal world today. While they could. Just for a few hours, to check on their mother. No one had heard from her in ages. Aggie was getting worried. Marni couldn't bring herself to think about it for more than a moment at a time. She'd tried to talk to Cal about it, once, but he'd shrugged her off. No girl of his was going to be anything but fierce, independent. She'd never mentioned it again. But Luke… here he is, taking care of Sophie, Dylan, and giving her rose quartz. It is unfathomable, the amount of support he's showing. Especially after the way she treated him. His rose quartz rests just below the moonstone she'd received at thirteen. Luke had helped pick that one, too. \"I'm glad you're here,\" Marni whispers. Her body sways under the sudden onslaught of terror. The Mortal world is a barren place. Her mother is a barren soul. She doesn't know if she can deal with the emptiness. Luke's entire body seems to flinch, then tremble. She gazes at him questioningly. The cold stone against her chest makes her shiver. He notices, and his eyes fill with such longing it takes her breath away. Entirely caught up in him, Marni forgets Cal, forgets her family not twenty feet away from them. When Luke reaches out to brush his fingertips down her cheek, she leans into them, into him . All of his rigid muscles relax when his arms finally, finally come up to hold her. So that was what the flinch had meant. He'd been trying to restrain himself. \"I wish-\" Luke begins, then cuts himself off. Her face is buried against his chest. He smells like ginger and fall winds. Slowly, his fingers leave her cheek to trail down her neck, across her clavicle, to the silver chain. They trace it down to the quartz nestled next to her heartbeat. His touch lingers there, feeling her pulse go wild for him. How her heart can be so enthusiastic about breaking she'll never understand. \"I'm in so deep with Cal,\" she breathes, quiet to avoid Aggie's wrath. He stiffens. It is almost as though the rose quartz acts as a channel from him to her. She can feel his anger, his pain, and his insecurity at the mention of her warlock's name. It takes her breath away. \"Too deep. I want- I mean, I need- I should get out. While I can. But I think it might be too late. I was planning on talking to him today. But now, with having to visit Mom… I….\" Luke pulls away from her just far enough for his eyes to meet hers. \"Marni? What are you saying?\" She knows what he's asking, but she has no stone to match hers to give him, and she is bound to Cal. Possibly infinitely. She is a coward, but a noble one. She won't break her word. But she can't break away from Luke's strong arms, either. \"Cal is planning something. For today. I don't know what, but I'm supposed to be involved and… and it makes me nervous.\" Luke's eyes harden. She feels his determination, his strength through the stone. \"I'll take care of things here while you visit your mother.\" Marni hesitates, then nods. She feels terrible about allowing Luke to keep an eye on Cal. She loves Cal. She should be able to trust him. But she just doesn't. \"Thank you.\" She steps away from him only to find Sophie and Dylan have left for Benny's waiting cab outside the house, and Aggie has been standing in the open doorway on the porch, watching them intently. Marni blushes bright red and starts hastily toward the exit, the crisp air that will cool her heated face, but Luke's fingers wrap tightly around her wrist. Time stops. \"Marni.\" \"Yes?\" \"See me before you go looking for Cal when you get back to Halloweentown. Please?\" Marni studies him for a long moment. It is a dangerous game they're playing. They both know it. The air crackles between them, thicker than any magic she's ever known. It terrifies her. It thrills her. She agrees, and then she is gone and the clock continues. Marni has been gone barely an hour, and Luke's worry has already skyrocketed to truly unhealthy proportions. He wishes he'd asked Aggie if he could accompany them. He's never been to the Mortal world- he's never had a reason to go- but this time, Marni is there, and he wants to be wherever she is. He remembers the strength of her spells, the power behind her eyes and her stance, and takes a deep breath. She'll be alright. He has been trailing Cal all day. So far, the warlock has only been practicing a complicated, unfamiliar spell in his bedroom. Luke sighs. He turns to leave. It is almost lunchtime, and Astrid had promised to buy him a pumpkin pie today. When Luke looks up, his eyes meet Cal's. Cal's eyes are feral, dark, maniacal . They look like Kalabar's eyes. Cal smirks, and then he shouts \"Apart!\" Luke is suddenly craving a simple lettuce sandwich for lunch. He hardly notices the lack of color in his world. Marni's head reels. She cannot believe how far her mother has fallen. They found her wasted, lying in a pool of broken glass and alcohol, in the home she'd lived in with their father. A neighborhood Halloween party had been raging next door. That is where she had been, until she'd agreed to a costume party date with a strange man. She is dressed as a witch. Her pointed hat lays askew. Her red hair looks like blood. Aggie moans in distress, dropping to her knees next to her only daughter. \"Gwen?\" Her mother does not answer. Marni wonders if she's still breathing. Sophie's fingers find hers. Dylan clutches her other arm. \"Gwen! Wake up!\" Her mother's eyes flutter open. Marni doesn't know if she is disappointed or relieved. Either way, she takes a deep breath. \"Mother?\" \"Yes Gwen, it's me. Oh, darling. What have you done to yourself?\" \"Nothing. Go home, Mother.\" Gwen rolls to her side, stumbles uncertainly to her feet. She wobbles on her cheap black boots. \"No, Gwen. This has gone on long enough. You're coming home , to Halloweentown. You don't have to live with us, but you're going to live in your own world, where I can be there for you!\" Marni is expecting shrieks, curses, hexes, something. An argument. Instead, her mother blinks for several long moments, almost in slow motion. Then she says \"Alright. I'll come home. But not until after my date. I want this last Mortal night. One last night.\" Aggie nods uncertainly, not sure what to make of this sudden compliance. \"Yes, of course, dear. Sophie, Dylan, stay here with your mother, please. Start sorting her things. Marni and I are going to run home to get some bottomless boxes.\" Sophie's bottom lip trembles, but she nods bravely. Dylan sneers at Gwen, but stands resolute. \"Hurry back,\" Sophie whispers. Marni and Aggie step outside and summon the Portal. Her heart throbs against her quartz. She can't wait to be back in Luke's arms. She determinedly doesn't think of Cal. \"Where's the Jack o' lantern?\" Marni's eyes zero in on the lack of the pumpkin immediately. Her eyes have always, always searched it out. It reminds her that she is real. That she is important. That she is home , in Halloweentown, where she belongs. But all that remains is a giant cinder block. Then she realizes that she is the only one dressed in orange, black, and gold. The rest of the world is gray. She feels as though she's stepped into an old horror film. Next to her, her grandmother gasps. \"As goes the Jack o' lantern, so goes Halloweentown.\" \"Grandma… what's happening?\" There is a sinking feeling in the pit of Marni's stomach. Cal had something to do with this. She just knows it. Still, she hopes against hope. Aggie reaches out, snatches a young girl gently by the arm. Her shoulders are hunched over; she sloshes through dead, gray leaves in a giant drab trench coat. \"Excuse me, could you tell me what's happened here- oh! \" The girl is Astrid. Her normally white-blonde hair is stringy and her skin is sallow. Fear convulses in Marni's chest. Not Astrid . \"Astrid?! Is that you?!\" \"I'm Astrid.\" Monotone. \"But- Astrid-\" Marni falters. She watches as the last colorful thing about Astrid- indeed, the thing that has always defined her to Marni- turns gray. Her sparkly orange heels fade away into flat Mary Janes. \"Your shoes!\" \"They're very comfortable. Sensible shoes are important. I think I'll buy some more.\" Astrid shuffles away, lost in the dreary, foggy void. The next second, someone shoves forcefully against Marni. She stumbles, falls to her side on the hard cobblestone. She picks herself up, brushes herself off, and lets Aggie shriek in disdain at the boy that bumped into them. \"Excuse you! We were talking!\" The boy has curly hair, round ears, a flat nose. His jacket still has stripes of orange, but they are faded and worn. \"Whatever.\" \"Oh! I hate that word!\" Aggie grumbles. She is about to turn away, when Marni asks her to wait. That nose! \"Wait up! Hey! Do I know you?\" \"Duh.\" Marni's heart slams into her ribcage, stops, then starts again. \"No. No, it can't be. Luke! \" \"Yeah.\" The boy shrugs. He is utterly average. Marni watches as his jacket fades entirely to gray. \"But… But you're a human now! You look just like you did when Kalabar -\" Even as a human, Luke flinches at the name. It is only slightly, but it lets Marni know he is still in there, somewhere. It makes her chest ache. Her fingers find his rose quartz. He doesn't even glance down. She wills herself not to cry, but hysterics are quickly forming inside of her. She has been to the Mortal world for only an hour, and her whole world has been ripped away. \"Why are you turning gray Luke? Why?\" \"Everybody's doing it.\" Another damned shrug. \"That's not what I mean! I need you, Luke! I need you!\" He only stares at her with uncertain gray eyes. So much gray. She feels as though she might suffocate if she doesn't see red soon. Red leaves, red dresses, Luke's red hair. \"It's the spell, dear,\" Aggie says, appearing at her side, trying to comfort her. Marni snorts humorlessly. \"Seriously? You think someone put a spell on all of Halloweentown?\" \"Yes,\" Aggie nods. \"I do. I remember a spell… I copied it into my spell book once… oh, but I haven't looked at it in years!\" Hope flares in Marni's chest. Spells. She knows how to track those down! \"Great! Maybe we can find a way to undo it.\" Aggie nods, and reaches into her pocket for a purple skull. Together, she and Dylan had created an inter-world communication device. Marni is pretty sure that was one of her main intentions, going to the Mortal world, to find out if it worked. \"Dylan? Are you there?\" \"Yeah. Unfortunately. What's taking you guys so long?\" \"Listen, Dylan, I'm going to be a while longer than anticipated. Keep an eye on your mother for us, will you?\" \"What?! But-\" Marni zones out of the conversation. Luke has started to wander off. Her chest constricts painfully. She runs after him, grabs him by the sleeve. \"Gotcha!\" \"Whatever.\" She drags him back to where her grandmother is standing. She rips the skull out of her hands, presses her lips to the ear. \"Listen, Dylan, just do it! Or else.\" \"Or else what?\" \"Or else I'll post your diary pages all over the town bulletin board!\" \"You don't know where it is!\" \"Want to bet?\" Dylan is quiet for a moment, then she hears a sigh. \"Fine. I'll do it.\" They are about to fold themselves into Benny's waiting cab when the cinder block begins to warp. Marni knows what she will see before she sees it. There was a time in another life when she watched a wooden door warp just like that. \"We have to get back to our house! This Gray Spell is a pain in the-\" \"Very good, Aggie. You're keeping up very nicely.\" \"Cal? You put the Gray Spell on Halloweentown?\" So this had been his big surprise. This was his plan all along. \"Yep. Got the spell right out of Aggie's book, actually. Naughty girl.\" Marni's stomach drops at the same time her face heats up. She had brought Cal into her home, and now she is paying the price. The look on Aggie's face nearly kills her. \"Marni? What's he talking about?\" \"He may have been inside a little while ago. Inside our house, I mean. Just for a moment! I… I'm so sorry, Grandma.\" Aggie purses her lips and looks away. Marni turns back to Cal, glaring at him as hatefully as she can manage. She feels used, bare and vulnerable. She thinks of her love, her nakedness. She has been taken advantage of, and this thought does not sit well with her magic. \"So then the whole thing- our entire relationship was a lie? It was all just to get the spell book?\" \"No.\" Cal's voice is ugly. It grates against her ears. His stone teeth gleam white in this gray world. \"No. I could have gotten in and stolen the book any time. I wanted you to allow me in because you felt something between us. And you did.\" Marni huffs out an infuriated breath that wants desperately to turn into a sob. \"You tricked me!\" Living in a world where everything is either a trick or a treat has never been so heartbreaking. Marni has been living firmly in the treat side of life for so long now. She never, ever, expected this. Cal laughs a little. \"You'll get over it.\" Questions and confusion burn through Marni. She stutters in anger as she speaks. \"Whatever. I want to know-\" And then she realizes it. The rose on her desk. Full, red, perfect. The color of blood. \" Kalabar.\" Aggie frowns next to her. She remembers all too clearly, how traumatized Marni truly was by that event. \"What did you say, dear?\" Marni's head is spinning. It's beginning to ache. \"The rose. I should have known when he left me the rose. Cal. You're Kalabar's son!\" \"I suppose I inherited my father's attraction to Cromwell witches,\" Cal smirks. \"I didn't know Kalabar had a child,\" Aggie manages. She is staring in awe at this giant block of concrete. Marni feels as though she might faint. \"He didn't want people to know! He was such a wise man. He was going to give the creatures of Halloweentown back their birthright! He was going to return us all to the Mortal world, as rightful rulers of the human race. He was the only thing standing in the way of Cromwell domination. But you people turned everyone against him, and then you destroyed him!\" \"Cromwells dominate no one!\" Aggie snarls. Cal ignores her and turns his eyes to Marni. \"Just say the word, Marni. I'll take you to the Mortal world with me. You can rule with me, as my queen! I can show you things Aggie couldn't dream of. Come with me to a party in the Mortal World tonight. It will be the first of many celebrations.\" Marni shoots her grandmother a look full of fury and regret. Once, that offer would have enticed her. Now it just makes her feel sick. \"I'm not interested in your brand of magic!\" Cal rolls his eyes. \"You just think about it for a while, okay? Catch you later.\" Then he is gone. There are two spell books, and one gray house, and Marni is starting to think that she might be losing her mind. What are Cal's plans for the Mortal World? How hadn't she seen this coming? She thought she loved him, but perhaps she loved the idea of him. Now she doesn't even have that, and a gray Luke is snoozing on the gray couch. Marni can't think about going upstairs to her room and seeing all of her things turned colorless. Grandma Aggie has already slumped down at their new chrome table. \"Grandma, we can't just give up! Okay, there's got to be something that can get us out of this trap; a spell, or-\" There is a pull deep inside of her, and the sound of magic. Marni always knows when her magic is working, and this time it is. Luke knows it too. His hands go up to his ears. One moment he is lifeless, and the next he is full of color again. Red hair, pointy ears, yellow jacket. Marni somehow brings him back to her. \" Luke!\" Marni runs to him and does not think twice about throwing her arms around him. \"Luke, you're a Goblin again!\" \"Yeah,\" he sighs into her hair. She hopes the transition wasn't painful. Marni is reluctant to break away from him, but they have a dimension to save and her ex-boyfriend to thwart. \"Grandma, what changed him back? Did you say something?\" Aggie shakes her head. \"No, I don't think so. But remember that some spells have time limits, dear.\" Luke frowns ruefully. \"I was probably the first one he tried the spell on; it was right after you all left for the Mortal world.\" \"Well, maybe the spell on the house will wear off, and then we can find the spellbook!\" \"But if it takes too long, midnight will pass in the Mortal world.\" Marni's blood turns to ice at the thought of her brother and sister being stuck in that awful dimension with their awful mother. For a year . Sophie doesn't even remember that world, and Dylan's memories have faded. They would never survive. \"Then what do we do? We can't find it!\" Aggie's eyes light up. \"Exactly! Perhaps it's lost!\" Marni looks at Luke and doesn't feel any better when he shrugs. Marni watches her gray home roll by the windows at an inchworm's pace. Benny is driving as fast as his new skin and careful nature will allow, but it is not fast enough. Every moment that passes feels like a new weight on her shoulders. She can't stop thinking about Dylan and Sophie, about her mother and Grandma Aggie's offer for Gwen to come live with them. Marni starts to frown when the streets stop being familiar. She has never been past the edge of town. She's never had a reason to be. All of her friends and family have always been in town; their Cromwell family home resides on the hill above town with other old families' estates. Woods surround them, but the woods always lead back to one portion of Halloweentown or another. She has never thought to go in the opposite direction, or beyond the streets she is leaving now. She wishes she could see it in color, to remember and explore later. Benny takes them past graveyards and corn mazes, and stops at the bottom of another hill, on the opposite side of town. It is rockier here, almost mountainous. They will have to climb. \"Why have I never been out here?\" Marni whispers to Luke in between panting. \"Not a lot of witches and warlocks come out this way; they tend to prefer society and civilization. Not all creatures do, though. Some are quite rural and private.\" Eventually they come upon a small cottage. They have had to climb so far Grandma Aggie is wheezing. Marni would be worried, but Grandma Aggie is not Mortal. She'll be fine. \"Looks like Gort's cleaned up since the Gray Spell,\" Luke snickers. When they knock, they are invited in to fold socks. \" Toenail Cutting ?\" \" Dusting: For Fun and Profit?! \" \" One Hundred Recipes for Tapioca. You know, I don't think whoever lost these is missing them much.\" \"Gort, these can't be all the books you've got.\" \"Well. I sold the rest,\" Gort shrugs, his nasally voice just as flat as the rest of their world, \"in the yard sale.\" Marni feels the panic rising up into her throat. Things suddenly seem dimmer in the small cottage. The walls feel like they're closing in. Obstacle after obstacle, and they're still no closer to rescuing Dylan and Sophie. \" Yard sale? \" Marni's voice is high with tension. Aggie places a comforting hand on her shoulder, but Marni barely feels it. Her panic is echoed in Luke's eyes. \"Yes. This place was very messy. I only kept the useful books. I'll sell these socks too-\" \"Gort!\" Aggie intervenes, sensing Marni's growing despair. \"There was a particular book; an extra copy of my spell book. Do you remember who you sold it too?\" Marni holds her breath. Luke puts his hand on the small of her back in a comforting gesture. She's not sure which came first. \"Do you think these socks match?\" Marni closes her eyes for a prolonged moment and tries not to see her mother's hair, red like blood on the floor in the Mortal World. Aggie pulls Marni aside. As always, Luke follows. \"Marni, that book could be anywhere.\" Marni's mind is moving too quickly. In her panic, everything looks like a gray blur. Her grandmother and Luke are the only colorful points, the only things keeping her from going insane. \"Okay then. I say we head back to the Mortal World, if-\" Marni is halfway up the stairs when Luke stops her. \"Marni! The Gray Spell! It's coming back.\" Marni turns in time to see her grandmother's fingers turning gray. Her stomach rolls. She might actually be sick, right here in Gort's disturbingly clean house. \"This spell will probably come after you too dear,\" Aggie warns her. Marni looks at her grandmother's blue eyes. Those blue eyes have watched over her all her life. Soon they will be gray, and there is nothing she can do. \"We've got to get out of here,\" Luke gasps. He takes the stairs three at a time, tugs at the handle of the door. Marni's heart beats faster and faster. The door won't open. \"There are no more windows!\" It appears it hadn't been a trick of her mind when the cottage got dimmer earlier. \"Grandma! We've got to do something.\" Marni can tell that her grandmother tries. \" Oh . I can't. The Gray Spell must be draining my powers.\" Her eyes go gray, and Marni's vision blurs with unshed tears. And then there's his voice. \"Right again, Agatha.\" That chuckle. The one that had sent shivers up her spine now sounds like nails on a chalkboard. Cal. Marni whirls around, a snarl already on her face. \"You've been spying on us this whole time.\" She is not entirely prepared to see him like that, a bodiless head in the fire. The flames create his lips, the ones she'd kissed so many times, his cheekbones, the eyes that drove her wild and intimidated her all at once. His hair ; had she really stroked his hair only a few days ago? \"I didn't need to. I already knew about Aggie's second spellbook. That's how I knew you'd end up at Gort's.\" Marni doesn't miss his slight to her grandmother, using her familiar nickname like that. How dare him, after everything else- Her grandmother seems to echo her thoughts. \"How could you ? I lost that book before you were born!\" Cal ignores her entirely, flame-filled eyes only on Marni. \"Have you thought anymore about going to the party? I heard it's going to be a real scream. I think even your mother might make an appearance. After all, it's right next door.\" \"Leave my mother out of this.\" \"My science experiment- you know, that thing in the cauldron I used to never let you near when you came over- I think he even got her some sort of hellacious mask to wear-\" Marni rolls her eyes. She's painfully aware of Luke in the background, grinding his teeth in annoyance. \"You know, this is not the way to talk me into a date.\" Cal's eyes burn into hers. \"This is more than a date. This is our future together.\" Marni stares back at him. She is looking at all of the mistakes she has made, has been making, for so long. How could she have ever wanted this pitiful excuse for a monster? \"I'm in control of my own future. And it doesn't include you !\" There is a roaring sizzle as Cal's flames react to his anger, and then he is gone. Well. At least now he's officially her ex. \"Creature spell.\" The words come from her grandmother, whom at some point had lost interest in her lover's quarrel and gone to fold socks with Gort. The image takes some time for her brain to compute. \"What?\" \"The Creature Spell. It was used during the Dark Ages. It was used on Halloween night, when Mortals would dress as creatures to mock them. It turned them into the very creatures they were mocking. I think that's why Cal put your mother in a mask. He's going to turn her into a creature.\" And then Aggie goes back to folding her socks. There's a man banging on the door of the house. Dylan barely remembers this place. He knows that there are two bedrooms upstairs. He remembers how long the stairs used to seem after he had a nightmare and had to climb down them to get to his parents' room on the first floor. That's pretty much the only solid memory he has of this realm; being afraid and crawling along in the dark. Now there are people on the street dressed up like his friends and he's not sure if he should find the familiarity of their features comforting or not. Is this what the rest of Halloweentown sees when they look at the half-human, half-witches of his family? Do they feel this bizarre mix of shame and bemusement and contempt? This man, for instance, shouting for his mother and demanding entrance. He's dressed like a giant green frog and holding the most hideous mask Dylan's ever seen. Sophie takes one look at him through the screen door and whispers, \"I think he's a Gollum.\" \"There has to be a way to get out of here!\" Even in her gray state, Aggie looks scandalized. \" Rules are rules! \" Marni can't bear to look at Luke and see his furrowed red eyebrows, the look that will say we've been trying to tell you . What is it about her magic that makes her want to rebel against the confines of ancient systems? Why can't she just be a normal, mediocre witch? There's always been something in the air of her dimension that makes her feel as though she belongs here, and as though the magic belongs to her. \"Alright, well rules have exceptions! Loopholes. Like… like a backdoor.\" Marni stares at her grandmother for a moment, and then turns away. How can she look into her grandmother's gray eyes while contemplating a way to break Merlin's Code ?! \"You mean a way to weasel out of the spell without actually breaking it,\" Luke clarifies calmly. His hands land on her shoulders, holding her still. She does have an awful habit of pacing when stressed. \"Right. Exactly. So, this spell is meant to keep us from going outside, right? Well what if we tried to go somewhere other than outside?\" Luke raises an eyebrow. \"Marni, there's only outside and inside . Right now, we're inside. Where do you propose we go?\" Marni thinks of Cal, of his time loops and their dates and how it always bothered her that he was technically late, a spell seeming to make him early. There is something vicious inside of her that roars with glee, and she's sure it shows in the gleam of her teeth when she smiles. \"We're going some when else.\" \"This is only five minutes ago.\" \"Must not have said it right.\" There is a roar and a cave man that has been dead for millennia and then there is a flash. Marni's head spins. Her stomach quivers. When is she? She thinks she's still holding firmly to Luke's hand, but is she? Her feet land against something solid, and she breathes deeply for a moment to gain her bearings. Had she closed her eyes? She must have, because now Marni opens them and spins in a stumbling circle. She's back at Gort's, only there's no one else here and everything but the stained glass windows- suddenly reappeared- is still gray. \"Nice job escaping my spell, baby.\" Marni whirls, and there's Cal. Tall, dark, clad in that leather jacket she'd stolen at least three times. Her heart lurches and tugs painfully, but she glares. She won't give him the satisfaction of seeing her cry. \"I'm not your baby. Stop interfering in my spells, Cal. It's against the Code of Merlin.\" Cal smirks. The feeling is electric and goes right through her. She hates it. \"No one cares about the Code of Merlin anymore, Marni. Besides, what do you want to hang around these moldy old creatures for, anyhow?\" Marni's hand twitches, but she won't allow it to go to her rose quartz necklace, still hanging from her neck. Had Luke only given it to her this morning? It feels like centuries ago. Or perhaps, centuries from now. \"These creatures are my friends. This is our home , Cal. What are you doing?!\" \"Your mom's about to become a real moldy old creature.\" Marni isn't sure why she says it, but something fierce and old and brand new wells up inside of her at the mention of her mother. Poor Gwen, caught up in the Mortal World. \"Leave my mother alone.\" Cal wiggles his fingers, and then he's gone. Marni glares at the empty space he occupied. \" Pahb arny wenethou, anaht hehnu, ahkwen ahnawais, nea shath nahda.\" Her spell spins her through time once more. She keeps her head about her this time; there can't be any more room for Cal to interfere. With the next flash, she's in another Gort's house, in another time. The first thing she notices is the piles and piles of junk all around her. Somewhere a wind chime blows in the wind created by her magic. Her heeled boots crunch something; her sleeved cloak brushes plastic toys, metal tools, some sort of fabric. There is no flash of red hair. Marni fights the panic as best as she can. \" Luke? Luke? Luke, where are -\" \"You know, I think I liked this place better when it was gray,\" Luke says, stepping out from behind a pile of lost things. Marni doesn't even have the time to admire him. \"Okay, seriously, where's Gort? It's nearly eleven in the Mortal World, which means-\" She smells him, and the smell cuts her off immediately. Marni tries not to gag. Luke winces and turns toward the balcony. Gort has appeared, and appeared with a vengeance. Apparently his house is not the only thing he rarely cleans. \" What are you doing in my house?!\" The only thing Marni can think of is to say, \"It's okay! Aggie sent us!\" Her grandmother is close to like six hundred, right? Older? Surely she's made friends with Gort by now. Marni isn't encouraged, however, by the look of distaste on the creature's face. \"Well that doesn't make you welcome here. I hate Aggie!\" Well, at least the use of her informal name means he knows her well. \"Don't take it personally, he hates everyone,\" Luke whispers. Marni surreptitiously sneaks her hand into his. They both pretend not to notice her rose quartz emitting a faint glow as her magic responds to the support he offers. \"Well, she has the greatest respect for you,\" Marni goes on, leaning forward. \"She said you're the foulest, messiest, meanest creature in Halloweentown!\" Luke's grip on her hand tightens considerably. She doesn't have to look at him to know the expression of abject mortification on his face. Goblins are typically very polite. \" Marni! Ixnay!\" She barely refrains from laughing. \"Aggie's just trying to butter me up,\" Gort grumbles, peering at her from underneath a mound of greasy hair. \"No, she meant it,\" Marni shrugs, as though she couldn't care less about her grandmother, her siblings, the fate of Halloweentown… \"Well regardless, I am now serving nobody! I want you out of my cottage! \" \"But-\" \"Little girl, you stink like a Cromwell. Now get out of my house !\" Luke takes Marni by the waist, attempts to both guide her toward the stairs and the exit and duck away from Gort's wildly swinging arms at the same time. Desperate, Marni turns back. \"Okay, okay. It's just… it was nice seeing your place while it was still messy.\" Gort blinks back at her. \"What do you mean, still messy?\" Marni smiles and knows she has him. \"Well you see, there's this thing called the Gray Spell, and in about fifty years, Kalabar's son is going to make your whole house neat. \" Marni obligingly covers Luke's large beautiful ears when Gort screams in horror. \"What does it look like?\" \"It's a big leather book- \" Marni explains for the ninth time. She tosses the nastiest cushion she's ever seen somewhere across the room. She's certain the blue flowers are still on top of her head. Luke seems to be making more headway, holding a large stack of thick books himself. None of them belong to Aggie, though. Marni screams when she glances down. A cockroach the size of a dog leaps out at her. Luke lurches to catch her as she scrambles away, but he's too far. Gort, meanwhile, picks the insect up into his arms and coos to it like a baby. \"I don't think the spellbook is here,\" Marni groans. \"Maybe we came too far back in time,\" Luke shrugs. \"But Grandma said she lost it decades ago. We couldn't have come back that far.\" But Marni remembers the cave man and bites her lip, suddenly unsure. \"Wait. Did this leather book have fancy writing on the front?\" Gort suddenly asks. \" Biblio Magica, yeah!\" Marni nods. Hope swells within her. \"I remember it!\" \"That's so good! \" \"Kalabar bought it from me about fifty years ago.\" The hope inside Marni dies. \"That's so bad. \" \"Kalabar must have been working on his multi-dimension domination thing for at least a century,\" Luke groans. Marni can hear the self-loathing under his tone. To have become a pawn so unwittingly in something so huge… The self-loathing hits Marni, too. \"Cal must have had the second spell book all along. The only reason he needed into Grandma's house-\" \"Was to take her copy and prevent you from undoing his work,\" Luke nods. A wave of emotion unfurls within Marni so strong her magic nearly reacts. She and Luke are on the exact same wave-length. How could she not have seen before how perfect they are? How could she not have seen how manipulative and awful Cal was? Marni had been an idiot and now her siblings will pay the price. Marni finds a forgotten shoe on the floor and throws it as hard as she can. Dylan and Sophie hold hands as they fly clumsily above the tiny moving metal car. Their mother had gone with the Gollum-man, and having been tasked by their grandmother to stay with her, Sophie had felt it necessary to follow. \"Mom's the one driving,\" Sophie says quietly. Her brother clutches her waist. Broom-flying had been the hardest for her to master. This is not how she envisioned spending Halloween this year. \"I can't believe she can operate a machine like that.\" \"She was way older than Marni, even, when she left Halloweentown,\" Sophie agrees. The cool October wind whips around them. She's glad her magic still works in this world. She's glad she can keep herself and her brother warm. \"I can't figure out why she would,\" Dylan grumbles and shifts his weight. He hates flying. \"Do you ever wonder who we would have been, if we had stayed here?\" Sophie asks. It is a question that haunts her. \"No,\" Dylan says gruffly. Sophie knows it is the first time he has ever lied to her. \"I don't know what to do. Even if we make it back to our own time, I still don't know how to reverse the Gray Spell.\" Marni clutches the large teddy bear she found a little tighter. Luke sighs and sits down next to her. His perch is a small stepstool. Honestly, the things people lose! \"Alright, well, you've done it once.\" \"Huh?\" \"With me. You reversed the Gray Spell on me,\" Luke nods firmly. Marni gives him a half smile. \"No, it wore off.\" \"It didn't wear off of Benny or Gort,\" Luke disagrees. \"Just think it through with me, alright?\" Marni stares at him. She trusts him entirely, more than she ever trusted Cal. Stupid, stupid, stupid is the mantra in her head. \"Alright, so I was looking for the book with Grandma while you were picking your nose.\" Luke frowns and the furrow of his brow is so familiar she could cry. \"Right, well. You said something to your grandma, while you were searching. Undoing a spell requires saying it backwards, right? So maybe it was in there backwards somehow.\" Marni's heart swells as Luke digs around in the junk all around them to find a pen and paper. \"I think I said something like we need something to get us out of this trap. \" Luke nods. \"Keep going.\" \" We need something to get us out of this trap, a spell, a hex -\" Luke cuts her off as he copies down her words. \"You didn't say a hex , I know that.\" How had he still been as aware of her as he changed from the mockery of a mortal back to his divine Goblin self? Marni stares at him in awe. \"Alright, well, what's backwards? Trap? No. Spell? No. Ugh!\" \"Here! Trapa . It's Apart backwards.\" Marni stares at him. \"So?\" \"So does every spell have to be long?\" \"No, some spells are short.\" \"So try it! Say it like a spell.\" Now it's Marni's turn to frown. It would be so easy to fall back into their sarcastic bickering. The back-and-forth exchanges between them had become more and more frustrated and bitter in the last few years. How much has she ruined? She owes it to him to at least try. She whirls on Gort. \"Fine. Apart! \" The magic flows from her hands. In an instant, Gort is gray. When Luke wraps his arms around her, it is the sweetest victory she has ever had. The victory only minutes ago is quickly quelled when Marni realizes she has forgotten the time travel spell. \"Forgotten it? How could you have forgotten it?\" \"It's Cal's. He's been on my mind a lot today… it wouldn't have been difficult for him to do a Mind Blocking charm,\" Marni mutters. She sinks to her knees and buries her head in her hands. Luke is staring at her in abject horror. \"What? Marni, those are illegal! That's… that's…\" \"That's something the leader of a cult would have no problem doing,\" Marni snarls. Anger wells up inside of her. She feels like a trapped animal. \"I'll kill him. He could have permanently damaged your mind , Marni! I'll kill him.\" She looks up to see Luke beginning to pace. \"You'll kill him before he's born?!\" It takes ten minutes of arguing and bickering, as well as several conjured garden gnomes, before Gort sighs. He opens a wardrobe Marni hadn't noticed before. \"Why don't you just use the Time Line?\" \"How did you get that?!\" \"I don't know, some wizard must have lost it. Go on, get going!\" Gort snarls, and stomps back up the stairs and out of his cottage completely. Marni pulls out her new broom, one of the state of the art pocket models. Luke stares at his warily as she snaps it to full size. \"Marni, I'm a Goblin. Goblins don't fly.\" \"Would you rather stay here?\" Marni asks as she swings her leg over. She glances back at him, patting the seat, only to see the look of hesitation on his face. She reaches for him with her fingers, keeping one hand on the bobbing broom to keep it steady. He leans his cheek into her palm. \"We have to go, Luke,\" she whispers. He nods and climbs on behind her. \"I'm really alright. Honestly, kids, I know tonight looks bad, but Halloween is a difficult time for me. This sort of thing isn't a regular occurrence. Why don't you get back to the bus stop? It's almost midnight.\" Gwen shoos her hand in their general direction. Dylan nods. \"You heard her Soph, let's go.\" \"We can't. We don't know where Marni and Grandma are, and the portal is closed.\" Sophie reminds him. Dylan swears. \"Well what are we supposed to do?\" At that same moment in the next dimension, Marni and Luke burst out of the wormhole in the pile of laundry. Marni scrambles to her feet and helps her grandmother rise. The woman stares at her as though she does not know her. A knot forms in Marni's throat. She glances back at Luke. He nods at her, answering her unspoken question. \"You can do this, Marni.\" She notices the way he hesitates before he says her name. What pet name would he give to her, if it were up to him? She desperately wants to find out. The necklaces glinting against her chest give her strength. Marni nods and turns back to her grandmother. \" Trapa! \" There's a burst of magic, and suddenly her grandmother is whole in front of her, colorful and full of life. Aggie's eyes fill with tears. \"I knew you could do it!\" \"Grandma, I'm so happy you're okay, but we have to draw up the portal. It's almost midnight in the mortal world. I'm not sure, but I think Cal is going to use the Creature Spell. We can't let Dylan and Sophie get stuck there.\" Marni isn't sure how she knows the rest of Cal's plan, but she feels it in her gut. Why else would he taunt her about creatures? Why else would he bring up her mother when he never allowed Marni to talk about her? Aggie's eyes harden, and she nods. In the next instant, thick magic is hanging in the air. They press their hands together, murmuring the words that will connect them to their blood again. It doesn't work. The portal arrives and shuts almost in the same instant. The heavy steel doors slide closed. There is pandemonium on the other side. Marni can hear Sophie screaming somewhere in the strange large room. The sound pierces her more painfully than anything ever has. When her fingers won't keep the portal open, Marni wails. \"I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry,\" Luke chants, his arms winding their way about her waist. She collapses against him, utterly confused as to how her body can hold so much sorrow. \"We'll wait,\" Aggie is saying through the haze of grief clouding Marni's mind. \"We'll bide our time and get stronger. Next Halloween, we'll rescue Gwen and Dylan and Sophie from Cal's clutches.\" Marni's magic thrums in time to her breaking heart. All of her life, she has been expected to at once balance and reject the worlds she belongs to. What is the point? All this time, she had thought that Cal would teach her how to unleash her own magic. Instead, he wanted to harness it for himself. Set yourself free. Set everyone free. Marni lunges for the purple skull hanging from Aggie's waist. \"Sophie? Soph, are you there?\" Sophie's voice comes amid a clatter of screams, yells, and monstrous shrieks. \"I'm here.\" \"Listen to me,\" Marni says. Her voice is calm even though her hands shake. She has to be strong for Sophie. Poor little Sophie, whom Gwen brought to Halloweentown at only a few months old. At least Marni and Dylan had each other and a few Mortal World memories. Sophie had been born alone. \"We're going to open the portal.\" Aggie gasps. Marni ignores her. Sophie disagrees. \"We can't, it's after midnight!\" \"I don't care,\" Marni snaps. Luke has gone very still behind her. She prays to Hecate he doesn't leave her over this, but it's a calculated risk. \"The portal hasn't always been there. It was created by magic. No one's magic is stronger than ours. Do you believe that?\" Sophie's voice is once again very small. \"I guess so.\" \"No! You have to believe it.\" Marni can feel her own magic responding to her urgent call; it soars away from her skin, radiating outward, searching for its own kind in the ether between worlds. \"I guess I have to get in on this too,\" Dylan groans over the skull-phone. \"There's no spell for this,\" Sophie cries. \"We'll make our own,\" Marni determines. There's silence that she feels is agreement enough to begin. Marni takes a deep breath and turns to face Luke. His head hangs down; he stares at the floor. Marni feels her heart drop, but still she holds her hand out to him insistently. Her magic, her very essence, draws him to her. This spell will require both witch and creature. There is a beginning to this magic. Marni understands she has started something monumental; if Luke takes her hand, he'll be binding himself to her somehow. \"I'm no warlock, Marni,\" he mumbles ashamedly. Tiredly. Marni's eyes widen. Is this the piece of the puzzle she's been missing? Does Luke think that the part of him she loves the most- his utter Goblin-ness- makes him undesirable ? \"Luke, I need someone who believes anything is possible. And you're the one that taught me that,\" Marni whispers. He lifts his head. There is hesitant joy in his eyes. \"If you're there, I believe it.\" Marni smiles. Aggie brushes away more tears. \"I've always believed in you, Marni.\" The three of them link hands. Marni can almost hear Sophie's voice in her head. \" We call on the dreams of creature and mortal, to heal the wound the worlds divide. From now on, we each can create a portal, and each of us our own path decide.\" Sophie has always been better at creating and remembering spells, so Marni's magic allows hers to take the lead. Slowly, she can feel Dylan join, and then her grandmother. Luke's own goblin magic intermingles with Cromwell magic, strengthening and altering it to serve a common goal. Slowly but surely, the portal slides open. Light floods Gort's gray cottage. \" Yes !\" Marni hisses. For the first time, she sprints eagerly into the Mortal realm. Sophie and Dylan rush into Aggie's arms. Marni reaches out and brushes her hand against theirs, just to make certain they're real. Her heels clack against the hard floor; they're in a gymnasium of some kind, and people of all ages have been transformed into the basest of creatures. It's impossible to tell which is her mother, but Marni is sure it's one of the particularly heinous ones. \"I don't care how strong you think you are! You will never defeat me!\" Cal screams. Marni stares at him as he strides toward her, stopping just short of spraying spit in her face. She snarls up at him. This twisted beast is somehow the same boy that bought her ice cream a few months ago. \"Your only power was the power to keep us all apart , Cal. And now, you don't have that power anymore.\" Marni makes sure to twist her words as ferociously as possible. She wants him to know that she figured out every detail of his plot, including the spell that almost destroyed Halloweentown. There's a flicker of panic in his eyes. That's all she needs. Her frantic beating heart tells her otherwise; so do the eyes of all these mortals-turned-creatures. Marni knows what is coming. Her magic is whispering the answers to her. She'll need steady hands. \"Dad was right,\" Cal snarls at her. \"You're the enemy and you always will be.\" \"We don't have to hate each other, Cal,\" Marni cries. She knows in her gut this is true. She has watched as Astrid grew older before her, dating creatures and warlocks only to break up, cry for a while, and then smile and nod at one another on the street. This is the way of things; how things should be. Of course Marni's ex has to be the one bent on multi-realm domination. \"You always told me that you make your own decisions. Don't let your father's hate decide for you now. Just give me back Agatha's spell books.\" Cal's eyes glint manically. \"You want them? Come get them.\" Tendrils of solidified evil, gnarled like the roots of ancient trees, whirl through the air and down around the books. Dark magic like lightning flickers shockingly around the books Cal presents to her. Marni is terrified. Cal is stronger even than Kalabar used to be. Her whole body remembers the electric shocks from before, her skin tinged blue. Her instinct is to step back, run through the portal to Halloweentown and away. Let Cal have the Mortal World. You cannot run. You are good , whispers her magic. Marni stands still. \"I'm not afraid of you. I feel sorry for you. I would like to help you. But I'm not afraid of you.\" Her magic, in fact the magic of the Cromwell clan, strong and golden, forms a protective orb around her. She hears Luke and Dylan gasp, hears Sophie cheer. Her grandmother stands quietly in awe, allowing her to fight her own battles. Marni takes a step forward. The tendrils of evil crack like whips. \"Marni, be careful,\" Aggie warns as the crowd gasps. Marni nods. She focuses; thoughts imbued with magic flood her mind. There's Dylan studying at the table as Aggie makes chowder for Sophie; there's Marni and Astrid dancing through the leaves as they fell in the street; there's Luke, just this morning, giving Marni a piece of rose quartz and the knowledge that he had to have known what it meant. Hundreds of more images flash in between these. Marni lunges forward, the golden orb glowing brighter than ever before. The tendrils fall away. Her hands clutch both books, and the resulting magical backlash is so strong it throws her backwards into Aggie and Luke's waiting arms. Cal screams; his dark magic warps the beautiful spell she and her family created, forming a portal and whisking him away. \"He'll be back,\" Luke murmurs, voice full of loathing. \"And we'll be waiting, together ,\" Marni nods. She hands Aggie one of the spellbooks. \"Grandma, would you do the honors?\" \"Of course dear,\" Aggie nods, all business after patting Marni down to check for injuries. \"Luke, dear,\" she murmurs. Luke takes the other side of the heavy binding. Aggie pulls a pair of reading glasses out of nowhere. When the spell breaks, Gwen throws off the hideous swamp demon mask and rushes into her mother's arms. \"Let's go home,\" Aggie cries. \"Yeah, before someone declares you winner of the costume contest,\" Marni winks at Luke. Heat fills her cheeks when he grins back. All day she has despaired over how much time they've wasted, but now time is all they have. Astrid walks along arm-in-arm with smelly Gort, trying to convince him of the merits of being happy. Orange, yellow, and red fireworks bloom in the night sky. Ghosts glint in the reflection of the sparks. Music clashes with music as different neighborhoods all throw their own celebrations. There's not a bit of gray to be seen. Marni grins against Luke's shoulder as they whirl in a dance in the middle of Town Square. The courthouse looms over them; the Jack-o-lantern shines down on them, making Luke's red hair seem like flame itself. Several university students are tipsy off squash ale on some hay bales next to them; older creatures with families compete at carnival games, adding to the cacophony of noise. Marni never wants to hear Halloweentown all but silent again. She shivers, knowing Cal is as yet unvanquished. She remembers that night all those years ago, when Kalabar was defeated. She had never realized that Cal had been watching from the shadows all along. \"Are you cold?\" Luke asks. There's a nervous tremor in his hands Marni has been too polite to mention. \"No, I'm alright,\" Marni smiles, tilting her head back to look up at him. He's not that much taller than her, but dancing seems to make the difference more stark. \"Take my jacket,\" he says anyway, as she knew he would. She laughs. \"Luke, I have a cloak. I'm fine.\" He seems as though he'd like to come back with a witty retort, his blue eyes lingering on the flimsy strings holding her cloak together, when they fall further down to her necklaces. He frowns, which isn't exactly the reaction she'd been hoping for. \"I know what this sort of stone usually means to witches, Marni.\" Marni stops dancing. She's fairly certain she stops breathing. Perhaps he had never meant to make such a bold statement after all. \"Luke, I-\" \"No, wait. I need to say this,\" he shakes his head. \"Marni, when I woke up this morning, you know what I expected to happen today?\" Normally Marni would come back with some snappy, witty reply. Now she shakes her head, stricken mute at the intensity in his eyes, the tension she feels in his shoulders. Her stomach is turning in knots. \"I expected to wake up, and come to your home, and give you that necklace and it mean nothing. I expected to play dumb for the next six days, or six months, or six years, until Cal came to his senses and gave you a necklace to replace mine. I expected for you to pull away from me, or reject it outright. I expected for Aggie to pull me aside and whisper words of encouragement, like she's been doing for several years. I expected you to be in an awful mood when you got back from visiting your mother, and I expected to be sitting on a bale of hay somewhere while a handsome warlock made you laugh under these fireworks.\" There's an apology in Marni's throat, a thousand apologies really, and shame so thick it makes her stone burn red. Luke notices. Of course he does. The intensity in his eyes softens. \"Marni, we've both been idiots. I'm not blameless. I've always placed my insecurities before my feelings for you, and it isn't right. But I feel everything that your necklace means. If you'll still have it, I'd like for you to keep it. I would like you to consider me as a Potential for future mate Marks.\" The tears in Marni's eyes spill over. That warm golden magic comes back, circling within her piece of quartz as she pulls a chain out of her pocket. Her palm feels cold without the heat of Luke's shoulder. From the end of the chain dangles an old piece of rose quartz, the magic of many imbuing it with blessings. \"This is the necklace Grandma Aggie gave to Grandpa Tristan. Luke, you're my best friend. You always have been. There's no one I'd rather have with me when my days go so completely wrong I end up in another dimension. There's no one more handsome or strong or magical in my eyes than you,\" Marni whispers. She can't tell if they've stopped spinning in time to the Monster Mash or if she's just so full of joy and nerves she's dizzy. \"If you'll have this, I'd like for you to be recognized as my Potential for mate Marks.\" Luke has the chain unclasped and around his neck so quickly Marni barely sees the stone land against his chest before his lips are on hers. Their first kiss sends magical sparks careening throughout Town Square. Cheers and whistles sound; even the Jack-o-lantern seems to glow a little brighter. His body is just as hard and delicious against hers as she imagined it would be, only better, because his lips are soft and his tongue is divine; Marni digs her fingernails into his hips and loves the flesh she feels there. His Goblin nose doesn't even get in the way; she adores the way it brushes her cheek. \"Happy Halloween,\" Luke breathes against her cheek when they break apart. Marni laughs breathlessly and waves to an ecstatic Aggie across the square. Aggie waves back, and quietly passes Harriet a few coins. Across the city, in a manor almost as old as the Cromwell home, a young warlock peers through the black lace curtains at the festivities outside. \"Ethan,\" his father calls, \"come join the circle. The Cromwells have sealed their fate; there's much to do before next Halloween.\" ","Summary":" \"I, Marniselae Cromwell, do hereby invoke the Powers of Darkness! Come hither to my aide!\" There'"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Sentient Bodies","Author":"Anonshy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10379820","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: This is my first story that I will post onto this site. In this fanfic, I made one OC because I wanted to give Atom a backstory. Which makes me feel like a hypocrite because I don't like reading stories with OCs and yet I made my own OC. But anyway, I hope you enjoy the story. Atom and the other bots get sent to a research institution to be tested for sentience. Of course, some bot-love happens along the way. Warning, there is going to be yaoi in this story. I don't mind flames about the story - if anything, I welcome them so that I can make this story better - but please don't complain about the pairings. I put up a warning for a reason. Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of the characters. I am only a fan. In the days that followed the championship match, Atom was in a daze. Charlie and Max salvaged their bond once more, and Farra Lemkova along with Tak Mashido avoided the press as much as possible. Though it didn't seem that they gave up; they were simply attempting to retain their dignity in the face of such humiliating failure. A junkyard bot like Atom, and a WRB-league Game Breaker Bot like Zeus were never supposed to step into the same ring. But they did, and the results shocked and thrilled the world. Atom's story was the ultimate story of the underdog. Zeus became another great champion, knocked off his pedestal. Of course, technically, Zeus still was the champion. But now, his cold, steel exterior has been dented, and the psychological wall of intimidation broke. For him, it would only be downhill from here. More bots will challenge him, and more will find a way to exploit Zeus' weaknesses now that they have been exposed. Atom was still reeling from his fight with Zeus, and he felt the unfairness of it all; Zeus is an amazing, powerful bot that will likely be cast away as another has-been. Atom was really nothing special. He knew it in his circuitry and programming that he's nothing but a sparring bot. He was meant to train bots like Zeus, but never actually fight them. Without Charlie's training, Atom probably would never have reached the World Robot Boxing League. As a sparring bot, it's a natural ability for Atom to get up again and again even after so many hits. But then Charlie taught Atom to actually fight. Atom couldn't lie. He loved Max for always believing in him and he was thankful to Charlie for turning him into something more than a G2 sparring bot buried under the mud. But sometimes, he would wonder what it would have been like if he really was sold to Farra Lemkova as Zeus' sparring bot. Atom would never have fought Twin Cities and therefore he would never have actually fought Zeus in a championship match. It would have been like back then. Back when Atom was still young and new. When he was with Breaker. \"Rise and shine, Atom.\" Blue eyes lit up. Machinery whirred and hummed. Light clanks echoed after sitting up. A row of bright red sandbags next to more punching bag equipment. A wall of tools with a single desktop computer in front. Everything seemed to be a shade of gray, silver, or white except for the sandbags and one single man in front of him. \"Atom. Atom? That's your name. You know that right?\" The man was middle-aged. Balding. His voice rasped rather than spoke. \"I guess you're still getting used to being on… Eh, what am I doing, talking to a robot anyway! You probably don't even understand a single thing I say.\" The man turned around and muttered to himself, \"… Still getting used to things…\" Atom. That was his name… That was the first memory that Atom ever had. A short, vague memory. Shortly after being turned on for the first time, he was turned off… until he powered on again a week later. \"Hey, Atom. Had a good recharge?\" Atom couldn't respond other than through the battery levels displayed on the computer beside him. \"Good, good. I want you to meet someone today. Someone special.\" Meet someone? Meet who? Atom quickly surveyed his surroundings. Last time, he powered on at the opposite side of the room. The desktop computer was beside him and the red punching bags are on the left side now. On the wall, he could now see the table that he was perched on before, and the charging station next to it. But there was no one in the room other than Atom and the man. \"Wait a minute. I got to go get him.\" The man hustled himself away to go get \"him.\" Who \"he\" is, Atom will soon find out. Atom couldn't see around the corner that the man disappeared behind, and he struggled to fight the urge to move himself forward of his own will. He wasn't sure why, but he knew it in his programming that he should not move without being told to. He still struggled anyway. The curiosity inside of him was boiling hot and about to overflow. Finally, after several minutes of hearing nothing but the sounds of the man huffing and the clanking of metal, something came alive. The air was filled with an invisible electricity, and it excited Atom for what was to come next. A thud. A second thud. More heavy footsteps followed and soon, a giant appeared around the corner following the middle-aged man. A metal giant. At this point, Atom had never actually seen a robot despite being a robot himself. This was the first time he met Breaker, the robot titan. A metal giant. Black and yellow, with a face sculpted into a perpetual grimace. His wide shoulders led down to thickly plated fists and chest, which led down black steel legs all the way to large feet made for supporting a heavy frame. This bot was a true menace, something Atom was about to find out all too soon. Later, when fighting Zeus, Atom would mentally laugh at the irony of his life after learning the story of the titans and the Greek gods. Breaker was a robot titan and Zeus was based off of the Greek god. Atom was sad that he couldn't actually laugh. He could only keep it to himself, in the company of himself. The next few weeks after meeting Breaker, were hell. \"Yeeah! That's what I'm talking about!\" The man, who Atom now knew as Marty, cheered as Atom was knocked down yet again, by Breaker. At first, it seemed that the training sessions were grueling to no one except Atom. But then once the bots were plugged back into their charging units, and all the dents in Atom were banged out, Marty would say good night and shut down the lights until nothing but the glow and hum of electricity remained. Atom woke up during one of these nights, and silently grasped for the first time, the full realization that he can move around on his own. He slowly swiveled his head about in different directions, looking around in the darkness and stopped when he heard movement beside him. Breaker was awake as well. He actually stepped away from his charging unit, which surprised Atom. The bigger bot walked several steps forward before turning and stopping right in front of Atom's unit. Breaker gestured for Atom to step forward as well, and so the smaller bot did. Atom felt… out of place. He felt as if he not only stepped away from his charging unit, but also his cage of isolation and restraint. He felt… free. Atom joyfully looked up at Breaker, but stopped moving once he saw how dim Breaker's orange eyes were. It almost seemed as if he was still in hibernation mode, except he wasn't. His eyes seemed softer, gentler. A yellow fist uncurled and caressed the side of Atom's helmet ever so slightly that it barely registered in Atom's senses. Confusion and shyness radiated throughout Atom's body. He tried to lean away from the other's touch, but Breaker's other fist held Atom in place. That night, Breaker let Atom know how sorry he was that he had to hurt him every single day. It took Atom a while since they both couldn't talk, but Atom finally understood. The smaller bot patted the other's yellow chest to let Breaker know that it was okay. It was okay. It was okay. As long as Breaker cared, it was okay. Eventually though, he stopped caring. Blow after searing blow impacted with Atom's body, and the poor sparring bot struggled to get his hands up, to get some sort of barrier between him and the metal monster. Marty's voice was only a dull throb in Atom's head, along with everything else. He only felt the yellow fists, tightly curled, bash into his sides over and over again. Atom knew he was going to break. He was going to break under this amount of abuse. He fell many times, but he never truly stayed down. That was about to change though. Breaker was on a vicious winning streak, and he seemed to be riding on a high of victory. The gentle titan was no more. There was only Breaker, the Robot Titan. The thrill of the fight was now like a drug for him; he's addicted; he can't get enough of the feeling of metal crumpling underneath his fists. Atom was at his breaking point. He fell, but he wasn't going to get up. He was done. No more. No more… When Atom woke up again, it was after he was caked with dust and mud from the junkyard and he realized that Marty had thrown him out. Max brought him home, and convinced Charlie to give him a chance. Everything kept rolling from there. Atom was finally brought out of his reminiscing by the commands transmitted from his remote controls. Despite Atom's voice recognition, which was salvaged from the pitiful remains of Noisy Boy, and his Shadow Mode, it was still necessary to use the old G2 remote in order to conventionally move him around. Max seemed perturbed by something and as Atom walked behind his little master, he realized he was heading outside Bailey's gym. Something was wrong. Or terribly strange. Charlie seemed unusually subdued; Bailey seemed to be annoyed. Atom could only describe his feelings as a complete mixture of confusion, worry, and apprehension. No one said anything to each other too, which made everything even more difficult for Atom to decipher the situation. His three human companions seemed to be communicating via telepathy, while also excluding Atom from the conversation. Why can't they talk in front of him? If they talked about what's happening, Atom's life would be so much easier. It sucked to have a will, but unable to use it freely. Outside the doors of the gym, Max turned Atom to the right, and then led him down the street to a large truck similar to Charlie's, but of higher quality and obviously more expensive parts. The black paint of the vehicle gleamed without a single blemish of a name, which exasperated Atom even more. No name, meant he still didn't know what was happening and who the owners of the truck are. Two men got out of the truck and strode towards Atom with papers in their hands. Now Max seemed to regret leading Atom here because he looked up at Atom with a look that clearly said, 'I'm sorry.' The men took – no, actually Max gave – Atom's remote and steered him on the lift and into the dark black truck. Atom now realizes that things are even stranger than he thought, but it was too late. The back door of the truck slowly lifted up, and Atom was left alone in the dark confines of what seemed to be his transportation to an unknown destination. Atom couldn't hear anything from inside the truck, but he was beginning to think that the humans outside were probably signing papers of transferred ownership, and Atom has been abandoned again. No matter how he thought about his situation, he couldn't find any positive scenarios. Atom loved Max. He loved Charlie. He loved Bailey. Why are they doing this to him? The truck lurched and Atom was saved from falling by the rails of the lift. Sad, blue eyes glowed in the darkness of the truck and a silent voice cried.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel, its characters, actors, or ideas. Author's Notes: One little thing about me that I need to tell everyone who reads my stories (not just this one), is that I update very sporadically. I tend to have long intervals between updates and I tried writing weekly, but I just couldn't get myself to write when I didn't feel like it. I'm sorry to those who read this story and to those who will read my future stories but I do not update regularly. Now, about this chapter, I discovered that Real Steel is a movie where it is incredibly easy to create OCs for. I seriously wrote two more OCs in this chapter without even realizing what I was doing. Of course, the two characters are side characters, but I still scared myself when I realized what happened. I hope this doesn't become a habit of mine. This chapter is also very boring and I apologize but I tend to write my stories so that they progress slowly. I also want to thank StressOfWriting for reviewing and I just want to say... I will eventually explain why the robots can move around on their own - the reason why they're being observed is so that the reason can be found. But I am probably going to be revealing that gradually as opposed to, BAM! Explanation! Again, I am not the kind of writer where everything is fast-paced. I still hope that you like the story though. It felt like it had been days since Atom saw light. It seemed as if no light or sound could penetrate the metal barriers surrounding him. Not even the roar of the vehicle traveling on road could be heard. Atom wished Max didn't leave him. He felt betrayed yes, but he still missed Max, and he was never going to forget the little boy and his family no matter what. If it wasn't for Max, Atom's life would have ended in the junkyard. But now, Atom wasn't sure where he was going to end up. He tried walking around, but he kept bumping into the walls and various unknown structures. Atom tried feeling his surroundings to get around, but robot boxers were not created to have sensitive hands and Atom wasn't any different. In the end, the sparring bot simply gave up on moving around and instead shifted himself back onto the lift. He figured, when the truck stops, he was going to have to go back to the lift anyway. Atom returned to the lift just in time, because the truck lurched forward, indicating a sudden stop. Within moments, white light broke through the dark confines of the truck, and Atom was blinded by the sheer brightness of daylight. When Atom's eyes focused, several unfamiliar men activated the lift to set Atom on the ground, and one woman with red hair had Atom's remote turned on and at the ready. The sparring bot followed the woman's commands through some kind of boarding school-like campus, and he noticed how the sky was a perfect shade of blue, with no clouds in sight. This day would be perfect for Max and Charlie to go fishing. Atom's mood soured a little at the thought of Max and Charlie fishing without him. Of course, Atom obviously never caught any fish, but sometimes Max would maneuver the bot so that he'd hold a fishing rod or a bucket full of bait. The real reason why Atom enjoyed fishing is because he got to see how close Max and Charlie had become. The two often joked around, and for those days where they didn't catch anything good, they ended up buying frozen fish from the supermarket and trying to pass it off to Bailey as a fish that they caught. It never worked of course, but Bailey still cooked up something good with whatever fish they brought. The sparring bot was so lost in his reminiscing that he almost forgot where he was. He stopped in front of two doors that smoothly slid to the sides and he was maneuvered through the complex set of hallways inside the building. On the outside, all of the buildings looked like they were made of old bricks, like brownstones. But Atom found that the interior was very different. Every surface inside the building seemed to be an immaculate, almost clinical-looking white. On the left was a flat wall with no decorations and nothing but pasty egg-shell colored white paint. On the right was a set of doors that receded into the wall a little bit, but they virtually blended in with the equally blank and bland white surface and there seemed to be nothing special about them. Atom grew bored just walking through this place. He wondered when he would finally get to his destination. The red-haired woman always stayed a good foot behind him, and she seemed to be in no hurry to get Atom where he needs to be. Atom almost started drifting off into more memories, but he came back to the present where he currently stood in front of a door that was larger than all of the other doors; the sparring bot noticed that unlike the other doors, this one seemed to be made to accommodate large objects passing through. The door whooshed open quickly, startling Atom, and inside the room were sudden splotches of color all around the room. After another second of processing the layout of the room, Atom realized that the colorful blobs were actually other robots. Including some that Atom had fought before. The woman used the remote to walk Atom into the room, but then she just said, \"Have fun\" and she turned around and walked away with Atom's remote. The bot just saw a glimpse of red before the doors slid shut and clicked, indicating that they locked. Atom wondered, 'have fun? What did she mean by that? She didn't even put me against the wall. She just left me here in front of the door.' Atom stood there for the longest time until he finally realized that he was the only bot standing still. Everyone else milled about the room freely; most of them seemed to be bored. Feeling awkward, Atom took a step towards the wall, away from the others. Some recognition flickered in a couple of the robots' eyes when they saw Atom, but most of the boxers didn't even give Atom a second glance. The sparring bot was the smallest out of all of the robots, and he was also the only G2. He was mostly a dull silver or gray, but everyone else was painted extravagantly, literally made to shine in the boxing ring. A brilliant red boxer with painted flames on his arms kept taunting a green robot with black fists. The name, \"Firecracker\" stretched along the red robot's chest and the green robot had the initials, \"GA\" on his forehead. Atom wasn't sure if \"GA\" was supposed to be based off the name of the state, the robot's name, or the initials of the robot's owner's name. He honestly wasn't quite sure if the letters were even related to a name since normally robots had their names on their chests or not at all. While Atom was pondering over possible meanings of the initials, the green bot had had enough. A metallic clang resounded through the room, and Firecracker fell to the ground. The fight was on. Everyone in the room formed a square, almost unconsciously, and the two bots began circling each other like sharks before they devoured prey. Firecracker's fist shot forward but GA sidestepped and lunged in to land a hit on the red bot's midsection. GA's fists were black blurs as they relentlessly pummeled the red bot's midsection, then head, then back down again when Firecracker tried putting his fists up. The winner was clearly going to be the green bot. Atom felt a little sympathy for the red bot, considering the amount of hits he was taking, but he kind of deserved it. He's the one who kept bothering GA, so this is what he gets. Now, Atom wondered, when were the two supposed to stop? Usually, a fight ends when a bot stays down for ten seconds; but then Firecracker's going to suffer some serious damage in the process. It's apparent that no one's owners are here to repair them, so why aren't the two stopping? Atom wondered this with dismay as he saw brilliant red metal crumple and dent after every punch. A swoosh interrupted the cacophonous noises of metal bashing metal and Atom turned to see a woman in a lab coat gaze at the spectacle in the room with wide eyes. \"SECURITY!\" the woman screamed. The door closed, and when they opened again a moment later, the woman was gone and replaced by a trio of men with long spear-like weapons with what seemed to be crackling electricity at the end. The battling duo already stopped when the woman opened the door, but the men still seemed wary as they herded the two bots out of the room. Before the last man stepped out of the room, he turned – like he had an afterthought- and he said, \"No more fights.\" After that, nothing happened. An aura of boredom fell upon the whole room, but no one tried to start up another fight. Atom was actually kind of thankful that it was over; the fight scared him, knowing that there weren't any humans around to control the bots and determine their moves for them. Atom never fought on his own, and he honestly was scared to try. He's not sure he'd win if he fought alone. After Atom's arrival, three more robots came. One of them was completely bronze colored. The other two seemed to be twins; they were two bots that looked the same except for the eye color, unlike Twin Cities who was two bots in one. At the thought of Twin Cities, Atom wondered what happened to the unusual bot. The doors opened and Atom did a double take when he saw who walked in. Almost as if on cue, Twin Cities – fully repaired and functional – stepped into the room. Immediately, the two heads looked around the room with one starting from one end and the other viewing the other end of the room. The right head's eyes locked onto Atom and the huge red bot began marching menacingly towards him. Fear slowly crawled through Atom's circuitry as he wondered if the former-World Robot Boxing League robot had a grudge. The other bots looked at the unique boxer and marveled at him for a moment, but they quickly lost their interest and returned to tapping their fists against the wall or some other mundane activity. Atom wished he could tell the two-headed behemoth that they're not allowed to fight, but he couldn't speak. Twin Cities stopped in front of Atom. He raised his left fist. Then he softly patted Atom on the shoulder. The little sparring bot was fully prepared to defend himself if the situation called for it, but this completely threw him off. Atom relaxed in relief and he looked up at Twin Cities in surprise. The two-headed robot was peacefully standing next to him as if he was never beat up or suffered a system failure. Atom was thankful that there weren't any hard feelings but… He couldn't help but wonder if the robot's memories were erased during repairs. But then Atom realized that Twin Cities wouldn't have recognized Atom if his memories were erased, so the little bot threw that idea out. Twin Cities was friendly. No other robots came in that day, and eventually all of the robots were taken to another, larger room where there were recharging stations. Twin Cities stayed next to Atom the whole time, and the sparring bot couldn't lie. He was thankful to finally be with another robot that he recognized. The two chose recharging stations next to each other in the upper left portion of the warehouse-like room. It felt awkward setting themselves up to recharge. The recharging stations were set up so that the robots had to connect to them with cables and most of the robots had to be connected on the back. The simple act of recharging turned into a mini-lesson about teamwork, as multiple bots had to get help connecting themselves to the fuel cells and batteries. Including Atom and Twin Cities. After everyone was finally done inserting the cables into the right places, a hush slowly fell over the room and all was silent. Atom was just going off of the assumption that it was currently night – since he hadn't been outside for who knows how long – and he mentally said good night to Twin Cities, and to Max. Wherever he was.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel and its characters, ideas, etc. I am merely a fan. Author's Notes: Wow this has got to be the fastest update that I've ever done. And lemme just take a moment to express my frustration at still finding little bits and pieces of contradictory or wrong text in my story. I read, then reread, and I get all of my spelling mistakes out. Then I post the chapter and I realize that it still has little errors. I already know that I have tense issues, but argh. In the last chapter I also messed up on a couple parts. Oh well. I'll have to keep getting better. I'm not sure if anyone is willing to beta this story, but I'm thinking that I could use one. And again, StressOfWriting you are beautiful. I feel so blessed that I get a reviewer like you who not only reads my story and kind of likes it, but also critiques it a little as well. I am trying to go with the flow with this story - honestly, I didn't plan the whole thing out - and you are making my life so much better. Okay, I hope I didn't creep you out or anything, but I just want you to know how thankful I am to you. To everyone else, I'm not a review whore, and I'm not going to be like, \"After this many reviews I'll continue.\" (Especially on a Real Steel fanfic!) But reviews are always appreciated. If you don't like my story or writing, then a review would probably make it better in the future. I'm sorry for rambling, but now onto the story. Atom woke up to several light punches to his left shoulder. Atom swiveled his head around to face Twin Cities, who was trying to get his attention. When Twin Cities saw that Atom was awake, he pointed to the double doors at the end of the room. Atom finally noticed that the large room was completely empty except for him and Twin Cities. He was taken aback for a moment and he wondered why no one woke him up earlier, but then he focused on removing his fuel cable – which Twin Cities helped with – and followed the two-headed robot out the double doors. Atom looked at Twin Cities inquiringly. It seemed as if the two-headed bot knew exactly where he was going. Despite the uniformity of the hallways, the red robot had no problem navigating through the white maze. Twin Cities was striding through every hallway and door so naturally that Atom started to doubt the red bot; he wondered if Twin Cities was just randomly walking around. The sparring bot's doubts died down once Twin Cities led him outside to a vast courtyard. The same boarding school-like feel engulfed Atom once more. He was reminded of his arrival here in this strange place, and he marveled at its strange duality. Cold, sterile, white insides. Bright, lush, and olden-style outsides. But as Atom reveled in being in warm sunlight again, he was also hit with a realization of how clueless he was. Sparks of panic flashed through his head while he noticed up on the rooftops, barely out of sight, were people who seemed to be watching the robots and their every move. Inside the closed in and uniform rooms, Atom was alone with other bots and he somehow felt safer, more comfortable. Out here, Atom all of a sudden felt like a mouse in the middle of the prairie, surrounded by predators. In the ring, Atom was with Charlie and Max, and he was busy trying to survive in a boxing match. It never occurred to him how it actually felt to be watched. In short, it felt unnerving. Atom felt more self-conscious than he'd ever felt since he was powered up. Twin Cities was in the middle of the courtyard, ambling around aimlessly, like he didn't care about anything that was around him. Atom wondered why the red bot didn't notice the people up top. Didn't he realize that they were being stared at? And then Atom understood. As a World Robot Boxing League robot, Twin Cities was completely unfazed by any kind of close scrutiny. He's normally used to thousands of people watching him. Several onlookers in lab coats were nothing. For a brief moment, Atom was reminded of his sparring bot origin and his short boxing career. The only reason Atom made it through the spotlight was because Charlie and Max were there to cover for him. Now that the sparring bot's by himself, he knew for sure that he couldn't stand being in the spotlight alone. The courtyard stretched out over a large expanse of space and Atom felt very small, and very paranoid. Dark enclosed rooms and other bots, were relatively easy to handle. Large open spaces with no Charlie, Bailey, or Max, and weird robots and people? Atom wished the people could take a moment to give an explanation as to what they're doing and why. For a day, the sparring bot focused more on other things like meeting Twin Cities and learning how to hook himself up to a fuel cable. Now that Twin Cities was off doing his own thing, Atom had nothing else to do except pace around and ponder over every possibility until his head exploded. Were the people planning to stop or outlaw robot boxing? Atom shook his head no, because robot boxing was way too popular and there'd be riots if it stopped. Were the robots being observed so that a bigger, and better robot could be built? Possibly. But Atom wasn't sure if that would warrant enough motivation to gather together so many robots. If the people were planning on making the ultimate boxing champion, then they would have assembled only the best robots to take tips from. Right now, Atom could see maybe a little over a hundred robots milling around the courtyard and honestly, most of them looked pretty average. Or maybe if- \"-at? Any hypotheses yet?\" Atom stopped himself in his tracks. He took a couple steps back to where he came from, and sure enough, behind a tree coming from a window up high, bits and pieces of a conservation floated downwards. The junkyard bot looked curiously upwards, and stepped forward a little to see if he could catch anything else that was currently said. \"-if? Fifty years ago, an intelligent life form came to Earth and-\" \"Pat. I don't want to hear your alien hypothesis again.\" \"But-\" \"Nope. If anything, all of this was probably an accident. Some glitch in manufacturing somehow changed something and-\" \"An accident? You make fun of me for my theory, and you don't think there's something wrong with yours? A 'glitch in manufacturing' wouldn't be nearly enough to cause sentience!\" \"Yeah, well-\" Atom would have raised an eyebrow if he had any, because the next few sentences sounded very childish and were consisted mainly of name-calling and claims of, \"You're being stupid.\" The sparring bot deflated a little when he realized that he didn't learn anything useful from that conversation, and he stepped back out towards the courtyard. And then he hit a wall. A giant metal wall. Or more specifically, a sleek black thousand pound robot with glowing green eyes. Zeus. Atom panicked and he automatically backed away from the towering robot until a hard brick surface reminded him that he couldn't back up any further. The shade from the tree made Zeus look darker, and more menacing than before. He began walking towards Atom, with every step rattling the ground. For a moment, Atom hoped that Zeus would be like Twin Cities and just be friendly, but then Zeus started pounding his fists together and Atom understood. Zeus didn't appreciate getting knocked down by a no-name, junky, sparring bot. A black fist flew through the air – and impacted with brown brick, sending chunks of crumbling brownstone everywhere. Atom's body moved just in time to avoid the hit, and the sparring bot whirred into action. Atom high-tailed it away from Zeus towards the courtyard as fast as he could, but to his dismay, Zeus followed with break-neck speed. Atom turned sharply to the left and he almost fell and bumped into a pair of robots in the way. He quickly regained his footing and he urged his stiff, metal legs and feet to move faster when he heard the sounds of metal and metal colliding; the sounds were no doubt, Zeus pushing the robots out of his way. Nothing was going to stop the champion from getting payback, and regaining his lost dignity. The other robots around Atom soon grasped the need to relocate, and they began to walk quickly away from the sparring bot and his pursuer. Atom spotted Twin Cities, still moseying around in the center and the sparring bot sped towards the red robot. Metal feet struck and pounded loudly on grass and concrete causing everyone to turn their heads towards the commotion in the middle. Twin Cities' left head noticed Atom running towards him and the red bot raised his left arm in greeting, before noticing that Atom had a very angry Zeus on his heels. Both of Twin Cities' heads spun around in alarm when Atom skid and unceremoniously tackled the red bot to the ground. The little bot didn't mean to tackle Twin Cities, but right now that was the least of his worries. What was really important, was making sure he didn't end up in a junkyard again, as a pile of parts. While Twin Cities and Atom struggled to get up, Zeus caught up to the sparring bot and grabbed him. After pushing the two-headed bot to the side, the Russian bot raised his right fist and was about to reunite it with Atom's face when suddenly security showed up and paralyzed Zeus with the electrical tips of their spears. Zeus stiffened and fell forwards, landing awkwardly on top of Atom and essentially pinned him down. Atom felt as if he was hit by a freight train, and he blankly realized that right now he literally had over a thousand pounds of metal on top of him. The sparring bot struggled to get out from under Zeus, and the large black robot's eyes glowed angrily. The security men finally managed to load Zeus onto what appeared to be some kind of forklift type of vehicle, and the bitter champion was taken back to a large building on the right side of the courtyard. Atom slowly got up and tried to dust himself off a little, while at the same time noting that the building Zeus was taken to was a different building than the one that Atom and Twin Cities came from. Thank goodness Zeus wasn't in the same building as Atom. The sparring bot didn't think he'd power on for another day if he had to recharge in the same room as Zeus. Twin Cities patted Atom on the back and the sparring bot recalled how he fully tackled the red bot. Atom looked at the red bot guiltily and patted Twin Cities awkwardly in return. The two heads spun around quickly and Atom got the vibe that there were no hard feelings, so he didn't dwell on it for too much longer. Unfortunately, he detected that there were even more eyes on him now after such a fiasco and he guessed that he probably looked like a mechanical maniac. Atom's mood plummeted even more due to embarrassment and self-consciousness. Today was not a good day. Eventually, the robots were called back to their respective buildings – even though the sun was still shining brightly – and Atom felt much calmer after seeing the familiar white walls again. Twin Cities was evidently unhappy about leaving the wide courtyard by the way he lagged behind Atom and the way he dragged his right fist across the wall as he walked, earning him a reprimand from a security man. Atom decided that the boring qualities of the interior were exactly why he felt more at ease. With the white walls, everything was the same and there were no surprises. And, Atom felt reassured at the thought that Zeus was over three hundred feet away, in a completely different building. The group of robots were led back to the room with recharging stations and Atom was glad. But then a couple steps into the room and a wave of homesickness hit Atom. He missed the slight muskiness and dustiness of Bailey's gym. He missed playing with Max. He missed boxing with Charlie. He missed Bailey's smile and laugh. The events of today further convinced Atom that without his human companions, he's nothing. If the security men didn't stop Zeus, Atom would have turned into a scrap heap. Without Twin Cities, Atom wouldn't have any friends. The sparring bot now felt paranoid and insecure about every little thing, and he could feel himself slowly getting worse. He couldn't go out in the courtyard anymore unless he wanted to suffer the wrath of Zeus. He now fully grasped the fact that he hates being watched. He didn't know if the reason why the robots were here would result in all of them ending up in a scrap heap. Twin Cities looked at Atom and seemed to sense that the smaller bot was in bad mood, so he patted Atom on the back once more and gestured over to their chosen recharging stations. Atom looked curiously at Twin Cities when he felt a strange sense of déjà vu after yet another pat, and the sparring bot wondered if the patting and light punching were habits of the two-headed robot. Of course, Atom couldn't blame him. There weren't many ways for robots to communicate, and Twin Cities was fairly good at \"speaking\" his mind. Atom felt a little better knowing that he had a friend in Twin Cities, and he decided that some recharge and sleep mode would help. After hooking up the fuel cable, Atom forced himself to forget all of his worries for now and just sleep.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do not own anything. Real Steel belongs to its creators and I am just a fan. Author's Notes: I again apologize for uploading slowly. After uploading the last chapter really quickly, I just kind of forgot again. While writing this chapter I felt kind of... bad? I guess you'll see why but to kind of sum it up, I added another robot and I didn't mean for him to be so... pitiful... Hopefully it wasn't too much, but I don't know it's weird the robots' personalities just kind of develop as I'm writing them. I actually didn't intend for Twin Cities to be as chill as he is. And yes, I said \"chill.\" I don't know how else to describe the difference between Twin Cities as I wrote him and Twin Cities as I thought about him. Also, I'm sorry if it feels like the chapter just cuts off all of a sudden. It's just that I didn't want the chapter to be too long. I want to keep the chapter lengths kind of consistent for convenience purposes. Anyway, to StressOfWriting, actually yes the Zeus chasing Atom moment was intended to be kind of cute. I mean, I just didn't want to write the moment so that it was too violent or tense. I hope you like this chapter. Atom woke up from his much-needed recharge, and was relieved to find that this time, he was the first to awaken. Twin Cities was still recharging next to him, and the only sounds in the room were light whirring and humming from machinery. Atom decided against moving from his spot, and he just took the time to look around. Firecracker and GA were still absent ever since their little fight, and the thought brought Atom back to his worries yesterday of being scrapped. He tried to reassure himself that the two were probably just retained in different buildings, but he couldn't quite shake the feeling that this whole place was very strange. Atom thought back to the little snippet of conversation he heard yesterday and he felt that the people here were kind of… unprofessional. Except for the security men of course. Then Atom remembered their menacing-looking spears and how they immobilized Zeus immediately, and soon a scenario of Firecracker and GA getting thrown into an incinerator while they were immobilized, surfaced in Atom's thoughts. The sparring bot shook his head and tried to clear up his mind before he started the day off with another bad foot. He did not want another repeat of yesterday. After yesterday's slightly scarring experiences, Atom was determined to stay positive, and away from Zeus. But Atom had the feeling that the daily itinerary's most likely the same. Go to courtyard. Come back to charging rooms. Repeat. Atom decided that the next few moments would be a great time to plan out where he's going to hide. The sparring bot mentally rolled his eyes. Of course the robots have to be in a courtyard; courtyards barely have anywhere to hide. Clank! Atom turned his head and sure enough, Twin Cities was up. He took a step forward and began blindly groping the air behind him before he remembered that it was impossible to unhook the fuel cable alone. The two heads turned to Atom and stared until the sparring bot finally went and unhooked the cable for him. Soon after, all of the other robots were up and they started milling about the room. It was clear the doors were locked. A couple bots went up to the doors and banged on them a couple times to make sure. The bots went to go join a group of robots gathered in the top corner of the room and Atom noticed that the robots were starting to cluster together into separate groups. After a day or two of being here, the robots were now beginning to make friends. Atom looked at his own friend who was currently helping out a yellow and blue robot with his fuel pump. Twin Cities walked back over to Atom when he was done, but then the two glanced toward the doors curiously. Atom could've sworn that he heard something. The others heard the sound too and after a couple moments of waiting for the sound again, the robots went back to whatever they were doing. Then everyone heard it again. This time, there was no doubt that there was a strange noise. Loud, metallic, groaning seemed to emanate from the doors. They slid open to reveal two rather nonplussed women and a very strange, yet familiar robot behind them. The robot's mismatched legs limped rather than walked, but he didn't really seem to care. He was looking around the room with wonder – or maybe bewilderment – in his glowing eyes. Atom had no idea what he was so amazed at – robots and white walls were everywhere in this place. And then Atom realized why the robot was so familiar. But… it was impossible. There was no way he survived. The women led the robot cautiously into the room, almost as if he was a child they had to keep an eye on. The young woman on the left shrieked when the robot leaned his head forward and some kind of oil or slime dripped onto her foot. The older woman looked at her with an unsympathetic look and just patted the robot on his left arm – which was basically a sledgehammer. The robot just stared vacantly at her as she walked away, but then a couple moments later he started following them. The brunette that got mystery liquid on her foot turned around and shooed him back to the middle of the room. The other robots, including Atom, stared at the incongruous robot. While the two women started walking towards the exit of the room again, the brunette turned to the other and whispered loudly, \"What's the point of having that thing?\" \"That 'thing' is a robot too, and as you can see it can move around its own so it's worth observing. Don't complain,\" the older woman said in a scolding tone. She continued, \"And that robot was practically made from scratch. If it's sentient, then we have its owner to receive maybe blueprints or building instructions. And once we have that, then we can go through the process and determine how the robots can move around on their own.\" \"Ugh. Owner? Blueprints? We had to go through a lot of trouble to get that weird robot from his weird owner! Kingping or something? He kept screaming about 'making a living' and 'Metro's my robot! Not yours.' I don't want to go to him again just to try to get blueprints of that mess .\" Just before the doors closed, the older woman looked at the young brunette pointedly and said, \"Chelsea, you better change your attitude or else you're not going to be intern-\" Atom didn't catch the rest of the sentence, but it sounded almost like an ultimatum. The sparring bot turned towards the Frankenstein-like robot, who seemed to be at a loss by himself. Atom stepped closer to the familiar lazy-eyed face until he confirmed to himself, that yes, this robot was definitely Metro. But Atom still wondered, 'how in the world did Metro survive?' He practically blew himself up. He was on fire. As in, his metal body was encased in flames after a brutal system failure. Then Atom noticed that Metro looked a little bit different. Most of his main parts like his sledgehammer and legs remained fairly intact, but his torso and right arm were different. Kingpin most likely salvaged those parts from yet another robot. Metro now looked a little bit smaller, but when viewed from the front he still had the same general appearance. Atom was shocked at how unscathed Metro was – but then the colorfully disproportionate robot turned to the side and Atom noticed the black scorch marks that covered the top of Metro's legs and parts of his sledgehammer. The sparring bot felt a little bad, and unlike Twin Cities, Metro didn't seem to recognize Atom at all. Frankly, Metro didn't seem to recognize anything. Atom noticed a strange… irregularity in Metro. Of course, Atom didn't mean Metro's body. Anyone could see that it wasn't normal. The other robots were all currently situated around the edges of the room, notably away from Metro. When Metro stepped towards the left wall, the robots there took a couple steps towards the right wall. When Metro started walking towards the back, the robots shuffled out of the way and moved towards the front. Even Twin Cities seemed a little perturbed at Metro's presence. The Franken-robot slowly limped his way over to a charging station on the back wall, and this is when Atom noticed the irregularity. Metro looked at the charging station and reached for the fuel pump… And then he stopped. Then Metro looked at the charging station again. His right arm stretched out towards the fuel pump and brushed against the cable, but then paused again. The whole time, his body sounded like it was groaning a little as he moved. Now Metro was looking around and he focused on the bit of wall next to the charging station. He started pawing at it for some unknown reason. Then he seemed to notice the fuel cable near his hand for the first time, and he went to grab it, but he somehow got sidetracked again. Or, Atom thought, maybe Metro kept… forgetting what he was doing. True guilt settled into Atom's circuits. So much for unscathed. Atom didn't know Metro before the fight, but he was certain that Metro probably didn't forget what he was doing while he was doing it . When Metro finally started trying to plug himself to the fuel pump, he found that his arm couldn't reach his back, and after a couple seconds of futile flailing, Metro stopped what he was doing. He looked at the fuel cable. He tried to plug it in on his back. And then he started flailing again. Now Atom couldn't just stand by and watch anymore. The sight was too pitiful. Clearly, no one except Atom wanted to help the poor robot. Other than Atom, none of the other bots even stepped near Metro. The sparring bot couldn't believe them. It was pretty normal to use salvaged parts for repairs or rebuilding, so he didn't see why everyone was alienating Metro so much. Of course, Metro's a pretty extreme case of reusing parts. But Atom still didn't think that warranted the kind of avoidance the poor robot was getting. Atom walked over to Metro, and while the larger robot stopped flailing, Atom took the fuel cable and plugged it in himself. Twin Cities' heads spun in confusion when he saw Atom helping the strange bot. After a while though, he saw that Metro was just calmly staring at the different scratches and cracks on the wall, and the red robot finally mustered up the gall to go towards him. Atom looked over to see Twin Cities walking over to where he was, and he felt glad that his friend was willing to go outside his comfort zone. Twin Cities finally stopped in front of Metro, right next to Atom. He seemed to be getting used to the Franken-robot, and then Metro noticed Twin Cities and turned towards the two-headed bot – inadvertently spewing slime over Twin Cities' feet. Twin Cities looked at Atom with what was no doubt, annoyance. Atom shrugged a little and then tried to look closer at Metro's neck and head area. There was obviously a leak coming from somewhere, but Atom couldn't see where it was. Metro didn't even notice that there was a leak in his neck. Instead he was currently eyeing Twin Cities' two heads curiously. Then Metro raised up his hand and tried to see if he could turn both Twin Cities' heads, and the red robot stepped back about five feet and stayed there. Atom shook his head and tried to stop Metro from walking away while plugged in to the charging station. After ten minutes of babysitting Metro, the doors finally opened and the robots quickly made their way outside. Atom felt like he was probably the only robot that preferred to stay inside. But Twin Cities gestured for Atom to follow, and the sparring bot couldn't leave Metro alone. Metro will walk to the front of the room and damage the fuel cable because he didn't remember that it was still plugged in. Not to mention that Metro seemed to want to follow Twin Cities and the other robots outside. Atom mentally sighed and unhooked Metro from the recharging station. Twin Cities was already halfway across the room and Atom and Metro followed him. Metro stopped a couple times to stare at another recharging station on the left wall, and tried to go towards it. Atom quickly maneuvered Metro back on course, and somehow they made it outside to the courtyard. Twin Cities wasted no time and cut straight across the courtyard to the middle. Atom debated whether or not it was safe to leave Metro alone, but then he remembered that Metro was a boxing robot, not a child. If anything happened, Metro will probably be fine. A white butterfly flittered past Metro's head and caught the robot's attention. Metro clapped his hand and sledgehammer together happily, startling Atom and a couple others, before following the butterfly haphazardly. Metro's short memory and attention span made it difficult for him to follow the butterfly, but somehow he managed to amble along after it. The butterfly landed on the top of a bench, and Metro made to touch it, but he ended up accidentally squashing it. When Metro started looking around the bench, trying to figure out how the butterfly disappeared right in front of his eyes, Atom didn't have the heart to tell him that the butterfly was now stuck on the bottom of his hand. Crushed. But soon the frankenbot took interest in something else, and he began to follow that. Atom stared at the back of Metro and just knew that the mismatched robot was going to be a handful.[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of the characters and etc. Author's Notes: I am so sorry for this particularly painfully long update, but school started again and well... Let's just say that my updates are really going to be few and far between from now on. I will definitely finish this story, but this is going to be a matter of patience and time. For those who read this story and enjoy it, I thank you for reading and continuing to read. From here on out the story will finally progress a little faster. (I'm sorry, but I just planned to introduce all the characters before I really did anything which might not have been the best choice storywise, but eh, the next story I write I'll try to introduce the characters along the story rather than before.) Also, if there's any significant errors in this chapter, I'm sorry but I didn't go back and reread as much as I usually do so I may not have noticed. Just tell me whether there's an error and I will go back and fix. And sorry for rambling but if you get slightly annoyed or mad at Atom after this chapter, don't worry. He'll get better in the future. (characterdevelopmentwhat) God, my chapters keep getting longer and longer. I think I'll need to start giving myself a word-count limit or something before I spiral out of control... By the way, can you guess who the nameless bots are in this chapter? *wink* It took a while for Atom to finally pry his eyes off of Metro. The sparring bot chanted, \"He'll be fine,\" over and over in his head until he finally convinced himself that the absentminded robot would be fine without supervision. Metro still ended up breaking a water fountain and two benches, but that's okay. That's okay, right? Right. Nothing to worry about. Just... The Frankenbot will be fine. Atom forced himself to quell his worries and looked away from the disaster waiting to happen. Atom turned his attention over to Twin Cities who seemed to be animatedly gesturing something to another robot. On closer inspection, Atom realized that Twin Cities was re-enacting a fight. The other robot was gold with a red mohawk that honestly looked like it was made from a plastic broom. His fists and the bottom half of his legs were a dull crimson, and unlike most of the other robots, his metal plating was unpolished and clearly displayed a history of brutal skirmishes. The gold robot was drawn in by Twin Cities story, and soon he was re-enacting one of his own fights. He raised his arms and crossed them to make an \"x\" and then quickly started throwing punches at the air next to the two-headed robot. Two left jabs. A punch to the abdomen. Then the gold robot brought his leg up and kicked his opponent's midsection before using his elbow to knock his opponent down. A red and gold leg kneed the invisible robot again and again until finally stopping. But then the gold robot held the other robot down and delivered a harsh chop to the shoulder. The gold robot chopped his own shoulder to clarify this move, and started pointing furiously at his arm and then to the ground; Atom couldn't tell for sure what exactly he meant, but he had the unsettling suspicion that the poor invisible robot lost his arm after such a move. By now, Twin Cities was discreetly backing away from the gold robot. Thankfully the overzealous boxing bot was too engrossed in his own reminiscing to notice. A few hits later, and the gold robot full-on head-butted his opponent, which made Twin Cities' heads spin in surprise. At the eventual end of the cruel boxing sequence, the gold robot passionately delivered his final blow: a straight upwards punch to his opponent's cranium. The red-mohawked bot pretended like he was taking off his head and then repeated his brutal finisher to elucidate how the other robot's head flew off. The gold robot acted like he was looking up in the sky, pointing to something like a shooting star and followed it until it disappeared into the distance. The gold robot looked back at Twin Cities – who was now at least five feet away – and he motioned as if saying, \"Your turn again.\" Twin Cities frantically waved his arms to say no and swiftly walked away. The gold robot shrugged, but after a little while he seemed to visibly droop; he was probably a little disheartened after losing someone to interact with. However, his dispirited mood didn't stay for long. Soon he was shadow boxing with another invisible opponent. Atom saw how Twin Cities flinched a little every time the robot with the red mohawk kneed his opponent or did some other rough move. While Atom wondered why the red robot was so shaken up, he was interrupted by a shove from behind. Atom face-planted onto the ground. When Atom rolled over onto his back, his mind went back to panic-mode at the sight of Zeus looming over him with green glowing eyes. 'Oh God!' Atom thought, ' how could I forget about him!' The sound of metallic groaning came from Atom's left and the sparring bot internally seethed. If only Metro didn't distract him from making plans. He might have actually done something productive this morning and figured out some way to avoid Zeus. Well, it was too late now. Zeus pinned down Atom with his foot, and then all of a sudden slammed his foot down on Atom's chest. The junkyard bot's limbs convulsed at the impact. After regaining his senses, Atom quickly brought his hands up to Zeus' leg and tried to wrench the bigger robot off of him or at least make the black robot lose his balance. Zeus kept digging his foot down into Atom's chest until he was sure that he would leave a dent and then raised his foot up to inflict another punishing blow. At this moment, Atom took advantage of the brief opening and rolled over, avoiding the hit and knocking Zeus over in the process. Atom hauled himself onto his feet and started sprinting, hoping to stall enough so the security guards would save him like they did yesterday. Unfortunately, he didn't get far before Zeus tackled him to the ground. Zeus was on top of Atom's back, relentlessly bashing the smaller bot's head and shoulders into the ground. Atom tried to endure as much as he could, while at the same time he desperately tried to escape his current position. With every harsh clash his head made with the ground, Atom's mind flashed white and a high-frequency noise filled his audio sensors. The world seemed to slow down and after a while every angle contorted and skewed till Atom could no longer tell where one line began and another started. Everything was too bright. Too much contrast. Harsh, blinding light versus dark, malicious spots. Atom was quite familiar with this place. This state, where he was on the cusp of losing and never getting back up again. He fell here many times during his fight with Zeus. He fell here many times during his time with Breaker. Before, Charlie and Max would call him out of here. They would plead, \"Get up, Atom! Get up!\" Before, when Marty's raspy voice cheered for Breaker, Atom simply got up because it was expected of him. But now, Atom thought to himself, 'What reason do I have to get up anymore?' Max's voice echoed through Atom's head, \"Get up, Atom!\" For a moment, he felt compelled to get up, but he stopped. Even if he got up now, Zeus would still be waiting for him on the other end. Atom froze in limbo; without Max and Charlie, there's no way he could stand against Zeus by himself. If he got up now, then he'd just get knocked down again and again. There's no way he could win. Time seemed to ooze by, but eventually Atom's surroundings returned to normal. Atom realized that Zeus had stopped his assault for a while now, and the sparring bot slowly got up. For a moment, Atom almost went crashing back down onto the ground, due to dizziness – almost like vertigo – but he quickly stopped himself and regained his posture as collectedly as he could. The sun was still high in the sky, which gave no indication of how much time had passed, and Atom felt slightly confused. He felt as if hours went by, but nope, there was the sun, still in the exact same spot as before. He slowly turned around and almost jumped at the sight of Zeus standing quietly behind him. Atom could feel the new dents in his helmet and chest, and he didn't want anymore, but somehow Zeus seemed very… Silent. Reserved, almost. Atom took a couple steps back and he hesitated to look at the black steel boxer. His head hung heavily, and he struggled to meet Zeus' eyes, out of fear for what he might see. What he saw was worse than what he was expecting. He expected anger, or revenge. He got disappointment. Zeus' green eyes glowed dimly and his perpetual grim expression seemed even grimmer. Atom froze to the spot with confusion and a lingering hint of shame. Why would Zeus be so disappointed? Wasn't this what he wanted? To beat up the one who beat him? Zeus stood in place for a moment as if waiting a little bit longer for something, but he finally gave up on whatever he was waiting for and slowly walked away – leaving Atom feeling oddly melancholy. Atom looked around and he realized that today, the security guards never came. All of the robots were still milling about in the courtyard, and something inside Atom snapped. No one came to his help. No one even cared what was happening. Why were the robots here? No one was doing anything! Twin Cities didn't seem to notice anything different either. He was just bumping his hand against a brick wall as he walked, and he looked so carefree yet lackadaisical; Atom felt like he was watching a happy scene through a T.V. screen. Everyone else in the world seemed oddly detached from him, and the world they were living in was strictly two-dimensional. There was no depth, no feeling in anything. No one was doing anything. Nothing. If Atom could scream he would. But since he couldn't, only one other thought crossed his mind. He wanted to get out of here. Atom started walking quickly toward the far end of the courtyard; he knew that he would probably be stopped, but he needed to move and blow off some steam. He passed by Metro, who was still pitifully chasing random things. He walked past Twin Cities who raised a hand in greeting, not returning the gesture. The two-headed robot simply shrugged, assuming that Atom didn't see him. Atom was almost to the end of the courtyard, and when he saw the unguarded gate leading outside the wide area, his mood lifted for a moment. Then he saw the men entering from the other side and he stopped. The gates opened, and a man with light brown hair and a slightly bushy mustache walked in. He stood tall, with his chin slightly up, and his eyes were like a falcon's. They focused on Atom and they narrowed, sending a chill through the robot. A group of nine men followed behind the man and it was clear who their leader was. A group of women and men in white coats rushed towards the group, brushing past Atom and alerting the attention of a gold bot nearby. After a second, Atom recognized the gold bot from earlier today as the one who liked fighting a little too much. The robot inched nearer to the group out of curiosity, and Atom's frustration managed to dissipate for a moment. Atom was quite curious as well, but he also felt wary. He got a very bad vibe from the leader when he looked at him. Nearby, out of view of Atom and the gold bot, a purple robot stepped closer to the group as well. He had been standing in the shadows of trees for a while, purposely avoiding contact with other robots out of shame that wouldn't leave him ever since the incident. But this particular group of humans piqued him to temporarily step out of his hiding place and see what was going on. The gates closed again, and Atom belatedly realized that he just missed his chance to leave. But then again, with this many people around him, he probably wouldn't have been able to set a single, metal foot outside. Instead, he politely got out of the way when the group walked inwards, away from the gates. The people stopped a little bit in front of the gates and the mustached man spoke as he looked around the courtyard. \"Well, this is very nice assort-ment of robots. Behavior was good?\" the mustached man said in a thin, yet piercing voice. \"Yes! Well, for the most part. From what we have observed from the past week, it seems as if the robots have a natural, inherent inclination to fight. Which is fitting, considering the intent of their creators. We believe we're ready to move on to actual testing now, and we came up with a couple hypotheses as to wh-,\" the tall, brunette woman with glasses and a lab coat was interrupted by the mustached man. The woman adjusted her glasses and leaned her head forward saying, \"What? I'm sorry I didn't hear you.\" \"So these robots like fights?\" the man smiled and his skin crinkled in little places like in the corners of his lips and eyes, giving his face a friendly look. But the man's eyes were dark and unnaturally sharp. Atom's mind cried, 'No!' but the tall brunette adjusted her glasses once more and said, \"Yes, it appears that way.\" \"In-teresting,\" he said and his smile expanded a little bit. Atom noticed some slight peculiarities in the man's speech; the man almost reminded him of Farra Lemkova, except this man seemed to purposely force himself to pronounce each syllable accurately, as if he didn't want to let in any kind of accent. But, despite the man's efforts, little bits of some mysterious accent still floated in and out of his speech. The sparring bot knew that some humans spoke differently than others, but he didn't have nearly enough knowledge to know what was what. A black-haired man standing a little bit behind the brunette with glasses stepped forward and asked, \"So Mr. Anisimov, you are willing to continue funding this project then?\" \"Yes, yes, of course!\" said the man who Atom now knew to be \"Mr. Anisimov.\" Hm. Weird name too. Mr. Anisimov suddenly added, \"But since I give you money, I tell you how to spend it.\" The ones with white coats glanced at each other quickly before the same black-haired man spoke up again, \"Sir, we have specific guidelines to follow and-,\" \"Hush! I pay you. You work for me. I do not ask much. You experiment. I tell you how I want you to do it.\" \"Mr. Anisimov, we are grateful for your funding, and since you do provide the means for this project, we acknowledge that you technically… Own this project. But in order to get viable results, you have to trust that we know how these tests need to be set up. We-,\" \"You, you, you! I do not fund you so you get results you want! I van-want different kind of results!\" The black-haired man seemed a little taken aback by what the mustached, foreign man said, but he quickly recovered and suspiciously asked, \"What do you mean you want different kinds of results?\" The man continued, \"We do not twist the experiments so that we get results we want . We stick to the experiments as accurately and faultlessly as we can so we can get accurate data . If we were going to just, do whatever we want just so we can say these robots are sentient, then we've proved nothing! This project's all about proving whether or not sentience can be possible in something other than humans. This could be revolutionary, but only if it's done right!\" The black-haired man abruptly stopped and during the pause, his eyebrows knitted together tightly and he asked, \"This project is about proving the robots' sentience, right?\" Mr. Anisimov was oddly silent. But then he answered, \"Yes, yes, of course. Of course. I just mean, since I am only one sponsoring you, I wish to have some input and I want to see how my money is being used.\" \"Of course you can have some input, sir. You're always welcome to come and see how things are running, if you wish,\" the brunette lady piped back up again and the mustached man simply nodded. Mr. Anisimov turned to his men and gestured them back out the gates. He turned back to the group of men and women standing on the inside and he said, \"Very well then. I will come back tomorrow. Have a good day.\" He then raked his eyes back over everyone, including Atom, and finally left the way he came. Atom's frustration completely forgotten, the sparring bot now felt a renewed sense of curiosity, but also a renewed sense of dread. The sparring bot felt like he was starting to piece together some answers, but unfortunately, he also picked up a lot of new questions. From what Atom knew so far, this place is some kind of… Testing place? For… Experiments? The word \"experiments\" had a kind of negative twang to it that reminded Atom of some of the cartoons and movies Max used to watch where there was some creepy mad scientist guy who did evil experiments. Oh. Oh Max. Atom's insides churned at the thought of Max. He missed the little guy so much he didn't even know what to do with himself anymore. Atom wasn't looking forward to the… Experiments that the people were planning on doing. Atom dreaded the experiments even more now that he realized that more experiments mean more time away from Max. Of course, the sparring bot wasn't sure if he wasn't permanently given up by Charlie and Max. But God, he hoped not. Atom slumped and he turned back towards the courtyard to see that all the robots were being called back inside. For once, Atom actually trudged back to the building rather than briskly walking back and Twin Cities noticed. The two-headed bot walked back to where Atom was so they could walk side-by-side and he patted Atom's back consolingly. The gold bot was heading back towards his respective building as well, not noticing the invisible glare directed his way from the shadows, belonging to the purple bot hidden in the trees. The purple bot's yellow eyes glowed brightly with resentment, and even though he knew he couldn't literally drill a hole into the back of that arrogant, immoral, walking pile of gold-painted junk's head, no one can stop him from trying. The purple bot slunk along the walls and entered his designated building as well, but not without another wrathful glance at the bot who ended his career. One thing for sure, is that sooner or later, revenge will be served. ","Summary":" Author's Note: This is my first story that I will post onto this site. In this fanfic, I made one O"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Real Steel Rose (cont)","Author":"Madsluads","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8755102","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey everyone. I read this story a while ago and noticed that the author hadn't updated in a while. I contacted them via PM and they are allowing me to continue it. The first three chapters have been written by the original author, redamiB6147. I don't know about you guys, but I think they did a wonderful job. And I pray to God that I don't mess it up. \"Welcome back to the land of the living.\" Said a male voice above me. I twitched, squeezing my eyes tighter as a blinding light stabbed through my eyelids. I opened my eyes slowly, blinking rapidly as I tried to clear my vision. The sight of a smart looking military man swam into focus. I blinked again, rolling my head slightly to see if that would help. I finally settled on squinting, one eye screwed tightly shut as the light seemed to only intensify. I moved my head around, looking to see where I was located. I was lying on top of a table, the stark metal machines beeping loudly around me. \"I bet you are wondering where you are young lady.\" The military man said. I turned my head back to him, noting a swimming feeling in my head. I must still be groggy from sleeping. I nodded, blinking stupidly at the man. \"Well, we found you out in the road. Got a nasty gash on your shoulder and your head. Didn't think you would mind us messing around with your head, for you were legally dead for 15 minutes.\" The man said. He gained my full attention at the word dead. \"You see, we needed a volunteer for the new beta program we have rattling around here. It connects someone to a new Military RSOU. To make things easier on our soldiers fighting wars, you see. No one would need special training to work one. Just think, and it will happen.\" He was walking around me, the light still intense on me. I tried to follow him with my head, but the strange floating feeling in my head was getting worse. It almost felt like a headache, but without the pain. \"This would keep our soldiers safe too. No more unnecessary dying. But, you see, no one wanted to volunteer….\"the man said, and the light reflected off of one of his metals. I automatically regarded him as a general, my eyes narrowing in pain and disgust. The military was always after something new now that robots were boxing. \"So….are you telling me that you connected me to one of these…robots?\" I asked the general, proud that my voice barely slurred together. \"You mean you cannot feel it yet?\" the genereal asked, leaning over me and blocking the damned light out of my eyes. I sighed, relaxing as one pressure was put off my skull. And I tensed as I felt something probing gently into my own consciousness. My eyes flew open as I started to get shadow senses of moving much taller than I was. Diffferent sounds, some amplified and some not, different sights. There were flashes of people scurrying around me. I looked around slightlessly as I tried ot gain my bearings. \"No, no, we didn't connect you to just one o these robots. We connected you to the only one in exhistance.\" The general said, but I wasn't really paying attention. A large shadowy figure had appeared behind him, blocking more light. I was really starting ot hate light in all forms. \"Ah. Here it is now.\" He said, moving out of my sight to show me a robot at least 15 feet tall. It was bulky in the chest area, its legs stocky and covered in thick armor. It eyes were what caught my attention. There was intelligence in that gaze. [Hello.] a slightly robotic male voice filled my head, reverberating with comfort and satisfaction. I gasped, scooting slight backwards as it took a step forward. \"Are they responding to each other?\" The general asked someone behind me. The robot looked up from me and locked eyes with the general for a second. \"Output is good. She didn't reject the chip. If anything, she accepted it quicker than we thought.\" Said a feminine voice. I started to get up, my eyes still locked onto the robot. It looked at me, its thick helm void of everything but the softly glowing blue of its eyes. I set my feet on the floor, hissing at how cold it was. [Don't overstress yourself.] The male voice said. I grumbled to myself, shaking my head as I sat on the edge of the table. \"How can I feel you?\" I asked the robot, and I stood, a hand staying on the table to steady me as I got used to being on my legs again. [There is a chip in your brain that is connecting you to me. I can feel your heartbeat is elevating; understandable.] He said, and I smiled at that, letting go of the table. The general and the tech behind me fell silent as I started taking shaky steps towards the robot. \"I can feel your energy. I can feel what you do.\"I said, and I moved closer, my legs shaking. [You are not strong enough. You must rest.] The robot said. I laughed, shaking my head. \"You don't know me very well.\" I said, and I stumbled, my arms flailing for purchase. The robot watched me, tilting its head to keep me under its gaze. I stopped a few feet away from him, looking up into its eyes. He kneeled down, bringing his head closer to mine. I reached up to his face, my hand shaking. [Do not be afraid.] He said, and I smiled softly, touching the metal of his face. It was cool to the touch, ridged slightly form a small dent. There was an electrical hum through his frame that made my fingertips tingle. My legs gave out from the over exertion, and the robot reached forward faster than I could see and caught me, cradling me gently in its large palm. \"Shall we show you to your room?\" the general said, breaking the quiet spell the robot and I were in. I looked at him resting my head against the robots thick chest plate. I nodded weakly, letting my thoughts drift as the robot did the walking for me. [We will not be able to get out without a fight. This place is well fortified.] The robot said, to me, keeping me awake. We stopped in front of a room with a thick steel door and reinforced concrete walls. The door opened, showing a recharge station for the robot and a small cot like bed, a bathroom and a table and chair. The robot ducked into the room, the door shutting and locking closed behind him. He set me down on the bed, pulling a large slightly scratchy blanket overtop of me. He then went into the recharge station, charging himself and powering down.[Chapter 2] A/N: Uh... I got nothin except for [atlas speak]. Two months later and I still didn't have any idea of how we could get out of the complex. What I did know is that I wanted out. I was restless, tired of staring at the dark gray walls that always surrounded me. The good thing was I had better control of my link with Atlas, my robot. Everyone else in the complex still referred to him as R2145. I hated that name. Atlas had systems that no other robot was built with. He could scan for heat signatures, had weapon tracking ( he had no live weapons) and he would was able to knock over a standard tank. No one else had figured out that he was sentient. Everyone believed that he just shadowed my brainwaves to understand some of the things that I had him do. An overly obedient robot that followed commands like a good solider. I hated everyone around me. [Alexandra?] Atlas asked, his blue eyes glowing gently from the corner he charged in. I was sitting up on the bed, my eyes locked onto the black wall in front of me. I didn't sleep as much as I had before Atlas. I had too many thoughts running through my head at once for that. I looked towards him as he searched through my recent thoughts. [Come here child.] He said, and I walked through the darkness, borrowing his sight to avoid the random furniture scattered through the room. I stood in front of him, my eyes locked on the floor. [Look at me.] He said, and I refused, a single tear falling down my cheek. He lifted my chin with a gentle hand, forcing me to look into his eyes. [We will get out of here] he said, and I felt another tear join the first on its journey down my cheek. He reached out with another hand, pulling me into his lap. I curled up around his arm, weeping as he mentally soothed me. He pulled me closer to his chest, the humming of his systems slowly lulling me back to sleep. \"Wakey wakey S3661!\" called a voice over the intercom. I groaned, shutting my eyes against the light the flooded the once dark room. I glared at the door as it shuddered open, three soldiers armed to the teeth with large guns and black armor walked in, waiting for us. [Are you ok?] Atlas asked, powering up and rising from his charging station. I nodded, running a hand through my now waist length hair. It was tied back with a scrap of ribbon I found in the corner of the room one day, but that seemed to have fallen out late last night sometime. I looked in vain for it, but it was no where to be found. Training was going to be a major problem. \"No time to waste, S3661.\" Said one of the soldiers. I nodded to him, walking through with Atlas close behind me. The door slid to a shut behind us as we walked down the corridor to the mess hall. We were about ten feet away from the entrance to the hall when a siren like alarm lit up the hallway with flashing lights. \"What's going on?\" I yelled at one of the soldiers. He turned towards me, his gun cocked and ready to fire. \"Someone's exploded something in a lab, I'm guessing!\" he said, and at that point in time Atlas scooped me up, running towards the source of the heavy smoke gushing through the hallway. I started coughing, covering my mouth with my shirt. \"Atlas, what are you doing?\" I asked, keeping my eyes shut and my mouth covered. He didn't respond, ducking into the smoke of the destroyed lab. [Getting you out of here.] he said, and suddenly we were in bright sunshine, clean air ridding the scent of burning materials. [We must hurry. That solider must have reported us by now.] Atlas said, and he charged into the sparse woods surrounding the compound from view. \"Max! Hurry up now!\" called a feminine voice. A young boy, around the age of eleven turned towards the door, looking over his shoulder at the girl standing at the edge of the backyard. She was dirty, covered in mud and leaves. She lifted a finger, motioning him to stay quiet. A glint of metal above her made Max peer into the brush; a robot stood just behind her. His face lit up with glee, and he took another step towards the girl. She shook her head, motioning him towards the door. \"Go. Ill still be here when you get back.\" She said, and Max turned, ready for dinner more than ever. I watched the boy run inside, leaning against Atlas as I closed my eyes. He relaxed slightly, his fans whirling harder to cool his systems. [He knew what I was, Alex.] Atlas said, keeping a close eye on the back door. I nodded, smiling slightly. \"What kid doesn't know what you are?\" She said, and Atlas shifted, rocking me slowly. I opened my eyes as I looked through the trees at the sun. It was setting soon, which meant less visibility. Good of the kid came back. Atlas could hide in the trees. We had moved further from the complex than we thought, according to Atlas's trip meter. He was running low on energy as well. He needed to charge soon. And I had no idea where to go for that. We started heading towards the lights we saw on the horizon, hoping for anything we could steal energy from. [The child is returning.] Atlas said, keeping still as the kid ran across the backyard. He held something in front of his chest in a bag, glancing over his shoulder at the door. \"Be back before 10!\" the woman called, and the kid yelled back. I shook my head as he slid to a stop before me. \"I didn't know if you had eaten, so I sneaked food out for you.\" He said, and he offered me the food. I smiled, thanking him and taking it. It smelled delicious. It was real food, home cooked and steeped in seasonings, unlike the food at the complex. I was never going to miss anything from that place. \"Does he fight?\" he asked, and I shrugged, finishing the food quickly and handing him back the plate. He took it, setting it down beside him as he moved closer. I stood up, moving forward as Atlas's target locked onto the boy. \"Easy kid, we've been on the road for a long time. \" I said, and he backed off, watching Atlas as he moved back into the shadows some more. \"What's your name kid?\" I asked, and he glanced at me then back at Atlas. He sighed, running a hand through sandy blonde hair. \"Max. Max Kenton.\" He said, and I held out my hand after rubbing it on my pants. He looked at me oddly, slowly putting his hand out as well. \"I'm Alex. Nice to meet ya. This big boy here is Atlas, and we haven't found a good fight in a while.\" I said, shaking his hand. He nodded, releasing his hand. \" Can I see him?\" Max asked, and I nodded, moving out of Atlas' way as he walked forward. He glared at the boy, stepping closer than I was comfortable. \"Wow. He's pretty rugged. Got some dents I see.\" He said, and he walked around him, inspecting him. I winced as I felt a twinge in my leg, rubbing at that spot. Then I realized that it wasn't my leg that was hurting. \"Ok, that's new.\" I said, and I walked forward towards Atlas's left leg, inspecting it. There was a stick stuck under the armor, blocking one of the pistons from fully being used. I pulled at it, ignoring the twinges I got in my own leg as the stick wiggled out. I chucked the stick towards the nearest tree, checking the piston for any damage. \"Yeah, we've been traveling for a while, remember?\" I said, and Max raised an eyebrow, looking towards the street. \"Where's your truck? Only way to run a bot as good as this one is a trainers truck.\" He said, and he crossed his arms, looking intently at me. Atlas turned slightly, looking towards me. [He knows something is up, Alex. We cannot afford for him to tell anyone that there was a girl with an expensive robot wandering around.] He said, and I shook my head, running my hand through my hair. \"He's mine, if that's what you were wondering. We just….lost the truck. Someone took it, thought there was a good bot inside.\" I said, lying and hoping he wouldn't smell it. He shook his head, a half smile on his face. \"Good story, but I know one better. You ran away from the military complex down the road a good bit. We, as in the good citizens of this crappy town, are supposed to report any sightings of you.\" Max said, and I paled, Atlas stepping closer. He now towered over the boy, targeting him again. \"So then why haven't you reported me yet?\" I asked, standing up and walking over to Atlas. He was running low on juice. I didn't want to have to shut him down, but that was looking like my only option soon. I didn't want to be alone again. \"Cause I don't like this town. I want to be with my dad and my own bot, but….he visits a lot. My aunt Debra says that he's trying to be a better dad.\" He said, and he turned, almost running into one of Atlas' legs. He looked up, noticing the flickering lights in Atlas' eyes. \"He needs to recharge?\" He asked me, and I nodded, walking until I was touching Atlas' leg. He relaxed slightly, fans clicking to cool his systems. \"I can get my dad here with the truck tomorrow. Its summer, I don't have school. We can travel places…fight, train….\" Max said, turning back towards his house. I smiled, picking up the forgotten plate and calling out softly for Max. \"Don't forget to return this, champ. Go home, I'll be here tomorrow. Don't worry about your aunt; we've gotten really good at ninja-ing.\" I said, and Max smiled, running off to his house and sneaking in the back door. Atlas reached down ,and I climbed up his arm as we walked further into the woods. The sun was now fully set and we didn't want anything or anyone to get curious. Max ran into his house, putting the plate in the dishwasher and running up to his room. He shut the door behind him, sighing as he looked over his room. There were pictures of his bot, Atom, everywhere. The towel he had of Zeus was tacked onto his wall, as well as different articles and magazine covers featuring Atom as the people's robot. He kicked aside the scattered items and dirty clothes on the floor, walking to his bed where his phone sat. It was a gift from his father. His dad's number was number one on speed dial. \"Max? You have fun?\" his aunt asked through the door. Max called out an affirmative, and he waited with a held breath as his aunt walked away. He reached for his phone, knocking a few scattered robot parts he was tinkering with off his bed and onto the floor. He called his dad, waiting as it rang. \"Yeah?\" he heard his dad ask. Max sighed, a slight smile on his face as he started talking. \"Hey dad, can you come pick me up tomorrow?\" he asked, waiting anxiously for the answer. He heard Bailey in the background, asking who it was. \"Yeah, Ill get ya. What for?\" his dad asked, and Max paused, thinking of how to word his situation. \"I found a girl. She's got a robot she wants to fight, but she s got very little to no equipment to fight with. Her bot need a serious charge….and she asked for my help.\" He asked, and he heard Bailey start to talk, her voice getting faster and faster as she got more excited. \"Yeah, ill come get ya. We will see what we can do with the girl's bot too. Debra know you wanna come with me?\" his dad asked. Max waited, looking out his window. Alex and Atlas were gone. \"Yeah. Shes cool with it.\" He said, and his dad laughed at something Bailey said. \"You know, Atom misses you. At least I think that's what hes been doing. Hes a little slower with you gone.\" His dad said, and Max laughed himself, looking at the most recent picture of Atom on his wall. \"I miss you all too. Ill see ya tomorrow dad. Love ya.\" Max said ,and he got a muttered love ya too before he hung up. Max went to bed soon after, thinking about Atom and Atlas and Alex as he drifted off.[Chapter 3] A/N: Still got nothin. \"Alex?\" Max called softly into the woods. He held another plate covered in plastic wrap. He had been calling out for 15 minutes now. \"Whats up little man?\" Alex said, appearing to his left. Max jumped, looking towards her position. Atlas was not far behind her. \"My dad's almost here. I want you to meet him.\" Max said, looking mainly towards the robot. Alex laughed, looking towards Max's house. \"How are we supposed to meet him if you good people are supposed to report us?\" she asked, and Max shrugged, looking towards the house as well. These woods dump you out towards the edge of the town. Can you meet up at the diner down there?\" Max asked, and Alex nodded, catching sight of the plate in his hands. \"That for me?\" She asked, and Max passed it over, watching with amusement as Alex tore into the steaming food, relishing each bite. \"When you want us to meet up with you and your pop?\" she asked, and Max shrugged, pulling out a spiffy phone from his pocket. He punched in a number and started talking into it. \"Dad? How close are you? I asked her to meet at the diner. 2 hours? She will be there.\" Max said, and he waited, nodding slightly to the things his dad said. \"Yeah, I love you too.\" He said and he slid his phone in his pocket, looking towards the girl. She handed him back the plate. \"Here all that?\" Max asked, and Alexa nodded looking towards Atlas. \"We will be there.\" She said, and they melted back into the woods. \"So cool.\" Max said and she turned and walked back into the house, putting the plate into the dishwasher and walking into this room to check his packed bag. \"Hey Dad! You ready to go?\" Max asked, running up and hugging his father. Charlie Kenton ran a hand through his hair, hugging his son hard. \"Yes I am. Debra knows?\" Charlie asked, and Max nodded. He had told Debra about this impromptu dad vacation earlier today. She said that it was fine, he had no school and they were going on a trip anyways. Max ran to the truck, looking to the glass to see Atom sitting in his recharge booth. \"You sure are eager to get away from here for a while.\" Charlie said, starting up the truck and pulling away from the curb. Max nodded, looking out the windshield and watching as they made it closer and closer to the diner. \"Wanna eat while we are here?\" Charlie asked, and Max nodded, searching the booths for the familiar girl. She wasn't there. \"Two?\" the waitress asked, and a breathy voice cut in. \"No, three. Sorry I'm late, guys.\" Said a feminine voice, and Charlie turned, an eyebrow raised to see a scrawny 16 year old standing just behind max. Max turned and smiled up at her, nodding to his dad. \"This way please.\" The host asked, and I walked over towards a booth near the back of the diner. I walked slowly, running a hand through my hair and trying to keep it out of my eyes. It kept falling into my face, hiding it from view. \"Your waiter will be along shortly.\" The host said, and she walked off to help the next couple that walked in. Max sat next to his dad, and I sat across the table from them. \"So. Max said you wanted to talk to me?\" Charlie asked, and I nodded. \"I'm Alex, by the way. I got a proposition for you.\" I said, and I started to look over the menu in my hands, my stomach growling lightly. It had been a long time since breakfast. Charlie glanced over the menu, made sure they had what he wanted, then shut it and set it on the edge of the table. He sighed, looking at me as I fidgeted slightly under his gaze. \"And what would that be?\" Charlie asked, Max peeking over his own menu at me, intent on hearing my answer. \"I want to box. Well, my bot does. I fight, pay you for energy consumption, possibly save up enough for my own truck, then leave you be.\"I said, setting my own menu down. Max ducked behind his menu as he was caught staring at Alex. \"And why do you think that I will take you on?\" Charlie asked, leaning over the table. I sighed, running a hand through my hair again. I looked out the window, staring at the cars passing through the street outside. Charlie's truck was parked right by the curb, blocking most of the view of down town. \"I have no good reason to say. No excuses. I just…need some help to get on my feet. Get me away from this town and ill leave. Anything would be helpful.\" I said, and the waitress came to the table, asking for drink orders and food orders. Everyone ordered, and the waitress whisked away, taking the menus with her as the company at the table sat in quiet. A country tune played softly from a jukebox near the front of the diner. \"You realize that I could indebt you to me forever, right?\" Charlie said, and Max elbowed the larger male, glaring at him. He looked at his son, shrugging his shoulders slightly as Max shook his head. \"And? Anything is better than now. Atlas is losing power faster than I can block it.\" I said, and Charlie looked back at me, his head cocked slightly to the side. \"What do you mean, faster than you can block it?\" he asked, and I sighed again, letting my head fall back against the booth behind me. I reached out with my hand, catching Charlie's own. My hand was cold and slightly clammy to the touch. Charlie jerked slightly in reaction; it was almost 96 degrees outside. \"Max didn't tell you?\" I asked, and Charlie shook his head, looking from me to his son. Max shrank slightly in his seat. \"It really isn't something to talk about here.\" I said, and the waitress arrived carrying three plates of food. Everyone dug in, the table falling quiet. \"Check please.\" Charlie asked, and they paid for their food and walked out, walking towards the green truck. \"Where's your bot?\" Charlie asked, and a large metal form appeared behind me. I smiled, patting his leg, and I looked towards Charlie again. He stood away, standing in front of Max as he started at the large military bot behind me. \"That's no boxing bot.\" he said, and I nodded, crossing my arms and cocking a hip. Charlie likened it to Bailey when she was in one of her moods. \"Got a problem with it? I can try to find someone else who can help.\" I asked, and I turned to walk away. \"Wait, that's not what I meant.\" Charlie said, and I turned back around, my face blank and void of emotion. \"Come on into the truck.\" Charlie said, and he lowered the platform for Atlas. The bot stepped up, stumbling slightly as his powered drained even more. [I need to charge soon.] he said ,and Ipatted him again, nodding. They walked further into the truck, seeing Atom sitting on his charge pad. \"The only problem I have is Atom needs somewhere to go while your bot is charging.\" Charlie said, and I growled slightly, glaring at him through my hair. \"His name is Atlas. ATLAS.\" She said, and Charlie held his hands up, backing off slightly. \"Ok. Atlas can charge, but where is Atom going to go?\" he asked, and Max looked at Atom as I looked around the small inside of the truck. \"Can we jerry rig something to make him stay in the back of the truck?\" I asked, pointing at the workbench and the various straps and metal pieces left everywhere. \"I guess.\" Charlie said, and he went over to Atom, unplugging him and turning him on. I gasped, dropping to my knees as a new presence slammed through my feeble defenses around my mind. {whereami whereismax whyisthereanewbot whoisthegirl arewefighting howcanimakemyboyproud?} a new light male metallic voice slammed into my mind, wrecking my thoughts and almost severing my tie to Atlas. I didn't realize I was screaming aloud until someone shook me by my shoulder hard enough to give me whiplash. \"ALEX!\" someone yelled, but the voice inside of my head drowned everything out until it sounded like I was underwater. {whyisthegirlscreaming whyaretheyshakingher whathappenedtoher whyistheotherbotryingtohurtm e whereismyboy whereismax whereismax whereismax whereismax} the voice continued. It sounded like a child talking and talking. I realized then that no one else could hear it. [ALEXANDRIA YOU NEED TO COCENTRATE ON MY VOICE LISTEN TO ME AND WE CAN BOTH BLOCK HIM OUT] said a thin voice underneath the child's voice, and I latched onto it. I didn't want to drown inside my own mind. A feeling of a plug being pulled out and draining of water as the voice slowly faded behind iron thick walls. I blinked, looking away from the new bot that had snared my mind. Atom stared back at me, his blue gaze rivaling Atlas' own. I tore my gaze away, looking dazedly at Charlie who was the same height as me. I squinted, confused; wasn't Charlie almost a foot taller than me? \"Alex? Are you ok now?\" Charlie asked, his strong hands on my shoulders. I nodded, feeling drunk; was this was feeling drunk felt like? I was so confused. Atlas bumped into me, reminding me of my solid link to sanity. My walls never wavered while he was around. \"Get….get Atom out of my sight. Please, Charlie. Take him outside. With Max. Max….\" I said, and Charlie moved too fast for my still taxed systems to compensate for. Atom clanked past me, almost touching me; I shrank away from his touch like it would kill me. And until I got control over myself, it probably would. \"What the hell happened there, Alex?\" he asked me as I shakily got to my feet, watching as he moved Atlas until he was charging on the seat Atom just left. I sat on a bed I found, letting my weight rest heavily like I just discovered gravity. \"I…am not like you, Charlie. No, I'm not an alien. I am a normal human girl. I was experimented on by the government. They found me on the side of the road. I was dead for 15 minutes. Don't remember a damn thing.\" I said, and Atlas watched me, motioning me over slightly. I sat on his leg, his arm encircling my waist to steady me. Charlie stayed quiet as I took a breath. \"They put a chip in my brain that connects me to Atlas. I was to be their prototype. The one person who can control a robot. Can you imagine the possibilities?\" I said, laughing slightly as the world spun again. I tightened my grip on Atlas as the dizzy spell passed. \"They had me for a while. The days blurred together. We finally escaped. Ended up in your boy's backyard. And you know the rest.\" I said, and Charlie shook his head, watching Atom and Max interacting outside. \"Why did you freak out when I turned Atom on?\" he asked, and I glanced at Atom. He was copying Max's moves down to the very microsecond it took for Max to move. \"Your bot? Atom?\" I said, and Atlas tightened his grip on me and I cuddled with his shoulder, ignoring how uncomfortable it was. \"Somehow, I connected with him. As in I was able to understand him in my head. He drowned Atlas out. He is like a child. And he certainly cares for Max.\" I said, and Charlie ran a hand through his own short hair, looking between Max and myself. \"Well, that's a likely story.\" He said, and a small voice piped up from outside. \"It's the truth.\" Max said, and I looked at Atom, shrinking away from his gaze. I could feel him trying to tug his way back in. Atlas wasn't having any of it. \"Well, this will make things most interesting now won't they?\" he asked, and he motioned for Max to come in with Atom.[Chapter 4] A/N: My first original chapter. I am crossing my fingers that the original author likes it along with you guys. Unto the chapter! I paced back and forth in front of Atlas. I wasn't tired and Atlas was recharging. Max and Charlie were in the cabin. Our group of three humans and two robots were heading back towards Tallet's gym. Atom was shut down and sitting in a rough harness connected to the back of the truck near the door. The truck hit a bump but I stayed upright. I convinced Charlie to let me stay in the back of the truck so I could keep Atlas calm when he was done recharging. I knew Atlas wasn't that battle-hungry but I didn't want him smashing Atom to pieces. I barely convinced him to shut down while Atom was still awake. Another bump. This time I jostled a bit and fell towards Atlas. I landed in his lap and decided to just stay there. I looked out the one window and was surprised to see it was early night. Where did the time go? I asked myself. I laid my head on Atlas' shoulder and closed my eyes, not caring about the stiffness. I was actually starting to get used to it. Fans started up and I heard hydraulics activating. [Alexandra? What are you doing back here?] I heard Atlas ask. \"Waiting for you to wake up,\" I replied. Atlas shifted and sat up a bit more. He moved me up and kept his arms on me. I smiled lightly and closed my eyes again. The soft rumble of his insides lulled me to sleep as they usually did. \"Alex? Alex wake up. We're here.\" I opened my eyes and stared up into Charlie's. Atlas roused himself from his standby and set me down. I stretched and helped Charlie unstrap both Atlas and Atom. He then helped me out of the truck with Atlas following. \"Charlie, who's that?\" A woman wearing a black shirt in jeans walked from the building. Her black hair was back in its usual sloppy bun and she was staring at me and Atlas. I felt him stiffen slightly. \"Easy,\" I muttered. He only slightly relaxed. \"Bailey, This is Alex and Atlas. Alex and Atlas, this is Bailey.\" Charlie pointed to each group/person when saying their names. I nodded towards Bailey and smiled. \"Hey,\" she said skeptically. Max stepped out from the truck yawning. He blinked his eyes several times then walked towards Atom. \"You ready? I have to activate Atom to get him inside,\" Max said. I braced myself and felt Atlas do the same. I nodded curtly watching as Max activated Atom. The strangest thing happened. {Sorry about that. I was just excited to see Max after nine months.} My jaw dropped about ten feet and Atlas' eyes widened. \"Oh my gosh,\" I muttered. Max looked to me. \"What?\" \"Atom doesn't sound like a five year old on a sugar rush,\" I replied. Atlas nodded once. \"Eh-hem. What do you mean Atom doesn't sound like a five year old on a sugar rush?\" I looked towards Bailey and stared. Everyone waited in tense silence. \"I have a connection to Atlas,\" I finally said. \"I was legally dead for fifteen minutes and was tested on by the military. When I awoke they told me about the connection. The first time Atom was activated in front of me I connected with him as well. He was talking at an extremely fast pace about what was happening. Atlas and I had to create a barrier against him so I wouldn't go crazy. Just now I heard him again only he wasn't talking as fast.\" Bailey stared for a minute then opened her mouth. \"And no, I don't remember anything from before being legally dead.\" She immediately closed it. Charlie walked past us with Atom and Max in tow. \"We have to find that girl a fight,\" he told Bailey. \"We're helping her until she gets back on her feet.\" Bailey nodded and motioned for me to follow. Atlas and I did and she led us to a bare bedroom. It had a bed, a dresser, and a plush chair. \"Well, this is our spare bedroom. Sorry it's not much.\" I looked towards Bailey and smiled. \"It's fine, thank you.\" She smiled back the walked off to her own bedroom. I walked into my room and shut the door after Atlas followed. He sat down in the chair and followed me with his eyes. I sat on the bed and hugged myself, thinking about what happened in the past while. I thought about waking up that one day in that wretched place. I thought about the safety I felt when I found my connection with Atlas. I thought about our escape. About Max finding and helping us. About hearing Atom's voice in my head when he was activated. And about my missing memory. I know I was dead but I wanted to know about my past. I wanted to know about my parents and friends. I wanted to know about my hobbies and interests. I wanted to know about myself. I wanted to know. [Alexandra.] I looked up at Atlas. He was staring worriedly at me. I sighed. \"I'm fine Atlas.\" He didn't look convinced. [No you're not. What's bothering you?] I stared into Atlas' eyes. He glared back. \"I want to know about my past.\" I whimpered. Tears were ready to break free. He extended his arms and I walked into them. He set me on his lap as he usually did and I cried. I cried for a good five minutes. When I was done Atlas' chest armor was almost soaked. I giggled a bit and wiped it off. I yawned and Atlas stood up holding me bridal style. He set me carefully in the bed and covered me with the blanket. I was out as soon as my head hit the pillow. \"Wakey wakey! Time for training!\" I whipped my eyes open and glared into Charlie's hazel eyes. \"Thank you for that cheerful awakening,\" I mumbled. As soon as he turned his back to leave the room I chucked a pillow at him. He paused in the doorway. \"I will get back at you for that.\" I rolled my eyes at the 'threat' and swung my legs over the side of the bed. I checked the dresser and saw clothes in it. I shut the door, made sure Atlas would stay off, and changed. It was a simple white shirt and well fitting jeans. I grabbed the combat boots that the base gave me and threw them on then activated Atlas. \"Time for training,\" I repeated from Charlie. Atlas stood up and followed me out of the room. In the middle of the main gym Atom was already training with Charlie. Charlie was only running him through drills. Atlas watched from a distance to learn some of the stuff while Bailey walked up behind me. She handed me a few ponytail holders. \"It's probably going to be difficult training with that long of hair,\" she said with a smile. \"Would you like me to put it in a shortened braid?\" I nodded with my own smile and sat on the step just below Bailey. We spent a good ten minutes watching the boys and Atom train and braiding my hair. When we were done my hair reached to my shoulders instead of my waist. \"I gotta get that cut.\" Bailey nodded with a chuckle. Charlie was in the middle of a break and Max was playing around with Atom's shadow mode. \"Why don't you practice more dance moves?\" Charlie suggested. Max looked at him with a 'really?' look. I had to chuckle at that. Atlas was right behind me as I walked towards Charlie. \"You ready?\" he asked. I looked towards Atlas then nodded. \"Yep.\" Charlie stood up and threw his towel on the table he was leaning on. He set his water bottle down next to it and pushed off, walking towards the area him and Atom were training in. I told Atlas to stand where Charlie wanted him to. \"Ok. I don't know if you have a shadow mode but I think you'll be able to copy what I do,\" Charlie said. \"Here's the most simple thing you have to know. Your defensive stance.\" Charlie demonstrated by bending his knees slightly, leaning back on his right foot, and lifting his fists up to protect his face. Atlas stared for ten seconds then copied the stance. \"Nice,\" Charlie commented. \"You know what? I just noticed I'm talking to a robot. Yet it seems to understand what I'm saying.\" Atlas stiffened in his stance along with me. Max chuckled a bit but continued to play around with Atom. \"Anyway,\" Charlie and Atlas trained for a good many hours. Atom joined in at one point and Max and I tussled in the boxing ring. \"Why are you fighting a girl four years older than you?\" his father asked at one point. \"Because that means he's allowed to hit me,\" I replied while he said, \"Because it means I'm allowed to hit her.\" Everyone, including the two robots, laughed. Well the robots made a laughing motion. After our tussle we watched Charlie continue to train both Atom and Atlas. About six hours later Charlie and Bailey left to get lunch for our group. Max and I hung out with the bots. \"What does Atom think about?\" Max asked out of nowhere. I looked at him in surprise. \"Well, one things for sure. He's very fond of you. He asked a few questions at first but then started repeating 'where is Max'. It actually got quite annoying.\" Max chuckled and I shot a look at Atom. He just shrugged making me laugh. \"We should check their moves,\" Max said. \"And how are you suggesting we do that?\" I asked. \"Have them spar against each other.\" Max saw the surprised and worried look on my face. \"Unless you don't want to,\" he quickly said. [I'm alright with it.] Atlas told me. {I won't hit him that hard.} Atom said. I laughed a bit at that and at the glare Atlas gave him. \"Alright. Let's do it.\" Max smiled and hopped from the edge of the ring we were sitting on. He walked towards Atom and put him in shadow mode. They jumped onto the little edge, lifted the ropes, and quickly ducked in. \"You sure the ring will hold 'em?\" I asked. \"No,\" Max said. \"Great.\" I directed Atlas to do the same. The bots stood in their corners and waited for instructions. As soon as we each finished pep-talking our bots we jumped out of the ring. I grabbed a rock from a group by my feet and chucked it at the bell mounted on the wall. It hit it causing it to ring. \"Nice,\" Max laughed. He threw the headset on and directed Atom to advance towards Atlas. I told Atlas to do the same. The bots circled each other. Then I saw Max mutter something and Atoms hand fly out. \"Dodge left.\" I said. Atlas heard me easily because of our bond. Atoms hand came out again. \"Dodge right.\" It continued on forever. Each bot throwing punches, each bot dodging, no hits landing. After about ten minutes Atlas finally got a hit in. Atom only reeled a step then countered. \"Back step.\" Atlas did but Atom was ready. He sent out another shot and it hit Atlas right in the stomach. \"Oof!\" I reeled back and clutched my stomach, gasping for breath. Max saw me and stopped. Atlas looked towards me with extreme worry as I gasped for breath. [Alexandra, are you alright?] I looked towards Atlas. \"I'm fine.\" I had just gotten my breath back. \"No you aren't. I remember from two days ago. You muttered 'that's new' and then pulled a stick out of Atlas' leg. You can feel his pain, can't you?\" I stared at the now twelve year old with surprise. The two robots stared at me. \"How did you guess?\" I whispered. \"Two new things called observation and common sense.\" \"What's new about common sense and observation?\" a female voice said. I spun around with Max and stared at Bailey and Charlie. Max started to say something but I clamped a hand over his mouth. \"Nothing,\" I replied for him. Charlie raised an eyebrow and tossed us our food. I looked at Max's hamburger and my burrito. \"Switch,\" we said at the same time. Charlie and Bailey laughed while we switched. We ate over small talk. \"Now. Why were Atom and Atlas in the ring?\" Bailey asked. \"We were sparring.\" Max said. I nodded with my full mouth. \"And why did you double over as soon as Atlas was hit Alex?\" I froze in the middle of taking a bite and slowly turned my head towards her. \"You saw that?\" I whispered. She nodded. \"About the last two minutes. Atom being hit, then Atlas, then you doubling over, then Max guessing why you did that.\" Charlie said. Max and I stared at each other. We all finished our meal when Charlie stood up. \"Great news. I got you a fight.\" I looked at him in surprise. \"Really? Already?\" \"Yep. We just need to train you how to take a hit.\" \"I can take a hit. I just wasn't ready.\" Charlie looked at me then at Atom. I knew what was going to happen and braced for impact. I heard metal hitting metal but only a slight nudge on my stomach. \"Told ya. Atlas don't knock Atom out.\" Atlas froze in the middle of pulling his fist back. He looked towards me and grumbled but still hit Atom in the stomach. \"You, my friend, have eyes in the back of your head,\" Charlie said. \"Not exactly. But I do technically have four eyes.\" He raised an eyebrow at that. \"You can see through Atlas' eyes?\" Max guessed. I nodded. \"Mhm.\" We continued to spar and train the bots throughout the day. Max and Charlie controlled Atom, I controlled Atlas, and Bailey fixed any 'accidental' injuries. After about the fifth injury in ten minutes she said, \"I think you guys are purposely hurting each other.\" Charlie and Max acted casual while I didn't even look at her. \"That answers that.\" We continued to train until eight at night. No one was hungry so we all went to bed without supper. Atlas and Atom charged next to each other and I slept alone in my room. I went to bed anticipating the fight that would happen in three days.[Chapter 5] A/N: And how are the peoples of this planet liking it? I am fairly proud of that last chapter but I haven't gotten word from the original author yet. I've looked everywhere and couldn't find Zeus' height so I guessed like twelve feet. Don't want Atlas taller than Zeus. Now, unto the chapter! The next three days flew by with incredible speed. Much to Atlas' displeasure Charlie and I have been practicing how many hits I could take. I could take an impressive amount and only needed a minute or so of rest. Bailey and I had gone to get my hair cut the day before the fight. The stylists stared at my hair in surprise but immediately went to work. It must have been shocking and funny when they snipped of a good foot and a half of hair in one snip because Bailey couldn't stop laughing. Just after she stopped laughing they finished. Yeah; she laughed that long. We drove back to the gym in mocking silence, Bailey shaking in silent laughter. I was extremely tempted to throw something at her but after she showed me the picture she took I burst out laughing and could barely stop. Max and Charlie playfully hitting me upside the head brought me out of it. Today was the day of the fight. We were driving to the Crash Palace where the fight would take place. Atlas and Atom were charging in the back. The group of four got down on their hands and knees and installed a second charging area. I sat between Charlie and Max and stared out the windshield. Many possibilities flashed through my imagination. I forced myself to not think about the worst, smashing it into a deep and dark corner of my mind. I leaned my head back and closed my eyes for a bit. Next thing I knew Charlie was shaking both me and Max awake. \"Fight time. Let's get the bots out and find Finn.\" I shook my head and brushed my fingers through my wild hair. I jumped out behind Max and walked to the back of the truck. Charlie already had it open and was getting Atom out. I jumped in and unplugged Atlas. His eyes slowly started glowing and I smacked him upside the head so he would wake up faster. [What was that for?] he asked. \"You wake up too slow.\" He huffed slightly and I turned around and stepped out of the truck with a smirk. A black man with short hair and a simple black shirt and jeans on came walking over. He smiled at me and shook my hand. \"Well who do we have here? Did Charlie pick up another lost soul?\" he teased. I snorted and rolled my eyes. He smiled brighter and Charlie jumped from the truck. He grabbed the man's hand and did a man hug. \"Finn! How's it going?\" he said. \"Good, good. Now who's this?\" Finn asked pointing to me. \"This is the newbie doing an undercard.\" \"Atlas? This is his owner?\" \"Yep,\" I replied for Charlie. Atlas was out of the truck and made sure he stood his full height behind me. His dark green armor blended in with the night, his aqua blue eyes staring daggers at Finn. I noticed the man's eyes flick back and forth between Atom and Atlas. \"They have the same...uh...\" he couldn't finish. \"Eyes? Yeah we've noticed,\" Charlie said. Finn continued to study Atlas. His face looked like a humans but it was obviously more robotical. Upon closer inspection it seemed a mask could slide from its face and cover the bottom half of the face. Its hands had five fingers and a fairly large palm. Its feet looked like they were combat boots. It stood at a menacing eight and a half feet unlike Atom who stood about seven or eight. \"Well girlie, welcome to the Crash Palace,\" Finn said. Charlie closed the trucks back and led, along with Finn, the two young adults and two bots towards the back entrance. Many heads turned and shouts turned to whispers as Atom walked in. Atlas towering over him brought even more whispers. Them having the same eyes brought stares and rapid hushed discussions. The girl with the Kenton group brought plain ol' stares. Finn jumped onto the stage in front of the fight board and riled the crowd up. \"Alright everyone. I got bets on The People's Champion Atom and a newcomer Atlas!\" Money flew into the air as people threw their bets at Finn. Charlie stayed and laughed at the sight then led our group to our table. As we walked a sudden fearful thought flashed across my mind. What if Atlas is hit by an uppercut? [If I see it coming I'll temporarily cut our bond.] \"What!?\" I said it loud but only the group heard me over the racket. I missed a step and fell forward but overcorrected. I ended up falling backwards into Atlas' waiting palm. He gently set me back on my feet and we continued walking. If you do that and are knocked out how are we going to re-establish the connection? I wailed in my thoughts. Atlas let off a feeling of hopelessness. [I don't know. But I won't see you hurt.] I waited until we got to the table, allowing Atlas to think he won, and spun around. My face was right in his and he flinched slightly. \"If you cut that connection I will personally run into that ring and slap you awake. And with the ability to borrow strength, senses, and so-on so-forth you know I'll be able to. Got it?\" By the end of the threat I was snarling and spitting in the robots face. He was taken aback but he knew I was worried. [We'll see.] I growled but lowered back to the bottom of my feet. I paced for the rest of the ten minutes. Atom and Atlas conversed over boxing moves. My brain only processed small bits of the softly spoken mechanical words. Charlie pushed off the table and cleared his throat in front of me. I froze and slowly looked up at him. \"Yes?\" I lightly growled. \"Time to go,\" he told me. I motioned to Atlas who got up with Atom in tow. We walked towards a ring and as we neared the screams intensified. Atlas and I cringed at the sound but soon got used to it. \"Ladies and gentleman, let me welcome you to tonight's fight! We have a newbie against an oldie, an oldie against a newbie. Let me introduce to you first, the bot with a killer uppercut and a murderous glare. Let me introduce you to Kill Sight!\" The crowd roared louder than thought possible. A bot the same size as Atlas walked down the 'catwalk'. He sported green, red, and silver colors; I thought of Christmas right away. His face was slashed with scars and cuts that showed his worth. His eyes were an impassive red that seemed to intensify as they spotted Atlas. A mechanical threat reached both Atlas and I's ears. \"I'll scrap you, tin can.\" Atlas and I looked at each other and I rolled my eyes. I couldn't help the small smirk that crossed my face. \"Opposing him is a newcomer. His stance screams 'calm down', his eyes scream 'you just try it'. Ladies and gentleman, I present to you, Atlas!\" Charlie nodded to me and we walked up. Atom stayed behind with Max as Charlie led both me and Atlas. We reached the platform and waited for it to rise. Atlas and I stared ahead, not even acknowledging the crowds existence. The platform came to a stop and the chains moved aside. Atlas and I ducked under and I settled him in his corner. \"You ready?\" I muttered. [As much as I could be.] Atlas sighed. I smiled to cheer him up and was already tensing my body against the upcoming barrage. \"Don't worry. I'll take my anger out on Christmas Tree over there.\" I pointed to the opposing bot and Atlas smiled. His fight protocols activated his face mask which slid down silently. I patted Atlas knee and walked over to the still laughing Charlie Kenton. \"What?\" Charlie looked at me and snorted before answering. \"Nice nickname. Christmas Tree, genius.\" He snorted again before sliding under the chain perimeter. I followed with a smile and pulled out our decoy headset. I turned it on and threw it on my head. \"Can you hear me?\" I said. [Loud and clear Captain.] I chuckled at that. The headset was actually a mic and the speaker was next to Atlas audio receptor. \"Crash Palace! Are you ready to rumble!\" The loudest roar yet answered Finn. A bell rang and the fight began. \"Advance,\" I said. [Really? I thought we were supposed to relax in the corner.] \"Just keep your head in the game.\" I still chuckled lightly at his sarcasm. Christmas Tree threw a right punch and Atlas easily dodged, answering with his own right cross. It hit smack dab in the bots jaw and Atlas took advantage of the pause. He rushed forward and I told him to continue a left-right-left sequence. Christmas Tree was now in a corner and I told Atlas to dodge. He did easily and continued his streak. At the very end, as Atlas was winding up for the finishing blow, Christmas Tree snuck a powerful right uppercut in. Both Atlas and I reeled back. Ringing filled my ears and my vision swam. I vaguely heard Finn saying it looked like I had just taken that hit but I clearly made out Christmas Tree's snide remark. \"Tin can.\" Atlas replied back in the robotic language. \"Christmas Tree.\" I barely made out the other bot stiffen as my vision swam harder. \"Right uppercut.\" I whispered. Atlas happily sent out the punch. I was able to stay up long enough to hear that we one when my mind finally gave up. My vision swam one last time and a huge wave of black flooded over me. A/N: Okay quick decision. Instead of making a whole new chapter I'm just adding on. Sorry it's been forever. I'm struggling through my first case of Writers Block and I have another story so, yeah. Also, I fixed my embarrassing mistake of calling Finn Flynn. Eeeks. Anyway, hope you like this addition! \"Is she gonna be alright?\" The voice was worried but I couldn't place it. Lights were shining just outside my eyelids causing my body to close them tighter. \"I think she's awake.\" I placed that voice as Max. It was a bit easier seeing as I was more awake. \"You're right.\" It was the first voice and I finally recognised it was Charlie's. Opening my eyes I saw a Charlie and Max leaning over me along with Atom and Atlas. Well, actually Atom was trying to calm the frantic Atlas. His mechanical noises were roughly translated by my pounding head. Finn was also looking at me; he was the one with the flashlight. \"You alright there kiddo?\" he asked. I nodded and pushed myself up, Charlie and Max helping me. \"Thanks,\" I mumbled. My head was still spinning and the sudden blood rush didn't help. Not one bit. Atlas reacted massively to my voice and froze in the middle of his pacing. Wow, pacing. That's a very human like thing to do in front of Finn. And Atom, trying to him calm down. You two are going to make people suspicious if you aren't careful. {Shouldn't have said the careful part.} Just as Atom spoke Atlas exploded into a full blown rant fueled by his worry. [Careful! You're the one who passed out from an uppercut only I should've felt and you're telling me to be CAREFUL! ] I blocked him out as he continued his very human-like rant. I smiled at how much his personality had grown in the few days that we have been free. My thoughts travelled down that dark road causing capped fear to slowly rise up. I wondered if that general was blowing up homes or just doing so discretely. Before I could go farther down that road Finn handed the winning money to me, said goodbye to Charlie and Max, and walked off. Coming back to the present I still heard Atlas rambling in the background. \"Alright, let's get going.\" Charlie then stood and grabbed me under the arm. With his help I was able to get to my wobbly feet. Atlas, seeming to have finally run out of fuel, stopped his rant and helped me by letting me grab hold of him and use him as balance. Our little group left the empty arena and walked towards the familiar truck. Being my tired and groggy self I went straight towards the cabin with Max. \"Charlie, all you need to do is plug Atlas in. He'll shut himself down.\" I shot Atlas a look that said he better. Charlie chuckled lightly upon seeing my look and bowed his head lightly. \"As you wish, m'lady.\" I snorted at that and jumped in after Max who was full blown laughing. I hit him lightly on the arm. \"Shut up.\" He just laughed harder. I rolled my eyes and leaned my head against the window, already feeling tired. Charlie jumped in and started the long drive back to Tallet's Gym. A/N: Again I know it's short. Sorry! I'm falling asleep while writing this and the Writer's Block is making it hard to squeeze these words out of my weakened brain. Ugh. Anyway, nighty-night! ","Summary":" A/N: Hey everyone. I read this story a while ago and noticed that the author hadn't updated in a wh"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"The Love Doctors","Author":"Yolanda1FANFIC","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9082124","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yellow peoples!^w^ So before you read this,lemme explain. XD What this is,is basically a sort of \"test\" short story for a fanfic I plan to write if two things happen; One,I have to FINISH this project, and Two, this story has to be pretty popular. Not like INSANELY popular but just enough to make me feel confident that people are actually reading what I write and post up here. With that being said, please R&R; and remember this is a TEST so it's gonna kinda take place in the middle of things. XD;;;; But don't worry! There aren't any spoilers! Only moments that will make you laugh so I suggest you don't eat or drink anything while reading this test mini story. Especially for later chapters cause it's gonna be one of those things that get funnier as the story progresses. O O;;; Well...this is a bit long isn't it? XD;; OKAY! I shall not stall any longer! Enjoy! Chapter 1: Fail after Fail It was a sunny day at Tallet's Gym and everyone including all of the robot fighters where helping with the cleaning that DESPERATELY had to be done. Atom picked up a box of heavy gears and looked at Hailey.\"Where do you want these gears at Hailey?\" \"Just put them in the personal training room Atom.\" Hailey said,motioning back to the hall. Atom nodded,making his way over to the personal training room entrance and opening the door. He set the box down by a corner and looked back up to see a mirror leaned up against the wall. Atom looked around to see if anyone was there, and walked up to the mirror slowly. He stopped in front of the mirror and stared into his reflection,tilting his head slightly. Atom still couldn't believe it...he was ALIVE...and THINKING...what he did to deserve and opportunity he never knew. But hey; Max got a kick outta it,Charlie seems pretty satisfied of how Atom turned out,so he guessed that for whatever unknown reason there was; It had to be pretty important. Important to Max and Charlie at least. And he wasn't alone in this either. There was Noisy Boy,Ambush,Metro,even ZUES. And Victorious; The creation of Hailey,and the first FEMALE robot boxer. She was beautiful. And Atom lately just couldn't go ONE DAY without thinking about Victorious at least ONCE. Her smooth copper and silver skin...and those radiant glowing baby green eyes... \"What are you thinking about there Atom?\" Atom jumped with surprise,swiftly looking back at the room entrance to see Victorious herself,leaning against the opening of the door with crossed arms. She smiled,standing up straight and uncrossing her arms as she walked up to Atom. \"V-Victorious-! Um,I-I was uh-I mean-!\" Atom stammered,looking back and forth at the mirror and Victorious. He froze for a moment,thinking. 'Hold it Atom,' Atom thought to himself as he cleared his throat. 'Be cool, be cool...remember Charlie's advice.' He looked back at Victorious and shrugged,crossing his arms and leaned against the wall calmly. \"Nothing much.\" Atom said in a mellow tone. \"Just thinking of some,boxing moves, you know?\" Victorious raised a matalic eyebrow slowly,a little bit wierded out by how Atom was acting. She placed a hand on her hip and rubbed the back of her head with the other. \"Uh...you doing okay there Atom?\" \"Oh yeah,\" Atom turned around and faced the mirror,putting up his hands and throwing a punch at the air. \"you know me; just chilling and uh...stuff like that.\" He gave himself a mental kick in the shin for that one. CHILLING? SERIOUSLY?! That's how NOISY BOY TALKS for crying out loud! Victorious laughed,making her way over to Atom and stood next to the mirror. \"Any reason why you're trying to talk like Noisy?\" She asked in a playful tone. 'Shoot! She went RIGHT for the KILL-!' Atom thought to himself as he stopped shadow boxing in the mirror. He looked at Victorious,working up the best excuse he could think of. \"...I have no idea what you're talking about.\" Okay,this time he deserves a punch in the FACE with that HORRIBLE lie. This just wasn't Atom's day. Victorious once again rose an eyebrow,obviously unconvinced. \"...You really gonna stick with that answer Atom?\" \"No not really.\" Atom said,rubbing the back of his head with embarrassment. \"That's what I thought.\" Victorious said as she walked out of the room. \"Talk to you later Atom.\" Atom sighed as she rounded a corner and disappeared from view. He faced the wall slowly and began to bang his head on the metal wall. \"Idiot. Idiot. Idiot. Idiot. IDIOT!\" XDXDXDXDXD Awww, poor Atom... well I hope this at least earned a chuckle or a smile from you guys!^^ Please comment and tell me what you think so far![Chapter 2] Hey guys sorry for the delay! I was really busy! But I'll be pleased to tell you that chapter 2 will be published tomorrow![Chapter 3] Chapter 2:Noisy the Love Doctor After Atom explained to Noisy and the others what happened, everyone went silent for a moment and ERUPTED into laughter. Atom hung his head,embarrassed. \"Aw come on guys! It's not funny!\" Twin Cities laughed,pointing at Atom as his heads spun around. \"It's HILARIOUS!\" The heads said in unison. Noisy shook his head as he crossed his arms. \"Boy you really do have some issues don't you kid?\" \"I-I don't have ISSUES I just,have a...hard time...flirting.\" Atom said,his voice slowly fading as he finished his sentence. The young sparring bot rubbed his arm,looking down at the floor. Noisy chuckled,pointing his arm at Atom. \"Look kid,I feel you and I dig how you're trying to flirt and all,but I HAVE to say; you DESPERATELY need some ADVICE,\" he motioned to himself with a nod and a prideful grin. \"The LOVE doctor.\" \"YOU? And ROMANCE?\" Metro said with a laugh. \"What do YOU know about FLIRTING?\" \"Nothing. But I saw it on Hailey's tv so how hard can it be?\" Noisy replied with a shrug. \"Now HOLD UP! If ANYONE'S giving advice it's ME!\" Zeus snorted,standing up from his spot on the floor. Atom slowly let out a sigh,placing a hand on his head and shook his head. \"Aw jeeze...all I did was come for advice now THIS happens..?\" As the bots began to argue,Atom left their dorm,waving a hand. \"Never mind. I'll just figure this out on my own.\" Noisy quickly looked at him. \"Wait what?! I thought you needed our help!\" \"Well you guys aren't gonna help me with you all arguing all the time. I'm better off just telling Victorious how I feel.\" Ambush nodded,motioning to Atom and smiling. \"See now there you go kid. Just tell her how you feel-\" \"You can't DO THAT with GIRLS!\" Twin Cities said,quickly looking at Ambush. \"We've SEEN Victorious get hit on! It ain't PRETTY! And USUALLY,we don't see that bot again!\" Atom felt his circuits run cold after hearing that. The small bot froze for a moment and the next thing everyone knew; The champion sparring bot fainted. All the robot fighters quickly ran up to Atom,supporting the poor boy up. \"Why'd you SCARE to poor kid like that Twin?!\" Noisy snapped as he and Ambush sat Atom down on a chair. The purple samurai patted Atom's arm. \"Yo! Kid come on,wake up!\" Atom's eyes turned back on,flickering at first as he slowly rose his head. \"Wh...What..what'd you mean by what you s-said Twin Cities..?\" He said,his words slurring a little. Twin Cities raised his hands up quickly,shaking his heads. \"Uh,I'd rather not explain if you're gonna keep fainting like that.\" Atom sighed,hanging his head as he placed his hand on his forehead. \"I can't believe I'm saying this but...okay Noisy. I'll hear what you have to say.\" \"SERIOUSLY?\" Noisy said,enthusiasm in his voice. Which was not a good sign for Atom,who at once regretted his choice. \"Alright! Come on kid!\" Noisy pulled Atom to his feet and wrapped an arm around his shoulder,pointing his other arm at him. \"I'm gonna teach you something called SAWG.\" \"...I'm gonna make myself look like an idiot...\" Noisy and Atom walked into the training room,making sure nobody was around. Noisy nodded in approval when he and his new \"student\" saw a note that said Hailey,Bailey,and Victorious went out to get tools and that Charlie and Max were going out to eat dinner. \"Alright,looks like we in the CLEAR!\" Noisy looked at Atom,raising his metallic eyebrows. \"Now first thing I gotta do show you how to \"do the walk\" so you can make an IMPRESSION on Victorious!\" \"I hate this.\" Atom said flatly,looking away from Noisy. \"What kind of an attitude is THAT?\" Noisy said,pushing Atom back. \"You want to get the girl right?! Then you gotta show your SWAG! Come on! Walk with swag,lemme see how you do!\" \"Look Noisy I think I'll take a raincheck on this-\" \"Do it!\" Atom sighed,slowly looking up. 'Why ME?' He thought. 'What'd I ever do to YOU?!' \"Come on man show your swag!\" Noisy said,nodding his head towards Atom. Atom once again sighed and began to walk normally. Noisy quickly shook his head,waving his arms. \"No,no,NO! You're not LISTENING man! Come on,I'll help you.\" \"Oh joy...\" \"FOCUS.\" Noisy walked next to Atom. \"Now,walk with me.\" He began to walk forward,moving his shoulders and making his strides a little long as he swayed his hips just the slightest bit. Atom tried to keep up but let's face it; Swag was not his thing. He and Noisy stopped walking. Noisy held up an arm,doing a fistpump as he began to dance. \"Now show off your moves like there's no tomorrow!\" Noisy said,doing the disco dance. WAM! Atom gave Noisy a polite punch in the face. \"OW! The heck is WRONG with you man-?!\" \"You're NOT HELPING!\" Atom said,holding out his hands slightly. \"I don't want to pretend I have...SWAG or whatever-I-I don't even know what that IS!\" \"Hmm...maybe you're right on this one At.\" Noisy said,placing his hands on his hips and slowly nodding. \"We'll probably need to talk to TWIN CITIES about this.\" \"...God help me.\"[Chapter 4] Hey guys! New chapter coming your way and it's going to he HILARIOUS! XD I couldn't stop laughing when I was writing this and I'm sure you will when you READ it! Okay enjoy and R&L;! Rest and Laugh! XDXDXD Chapter 3: Get Your Sexy On Atom slowly slugged into Twin Cities's room. The annoying little punks was always in their room. \"Hello? You guys in here?\" Out of nowhere,Atom was suddenly TRIPPED over,causing him to face-plant the ground. \"OW-! Holy mother of-\" \"Who DARES enter my ROOOOM?!\" An unusually deep voice boomed. Atom sat up and crossed his arms,looking unimpressed. \"Guys. Will you stop playing with your voice editor?\" There was suddenly a loud and doubled laugh. And it sounded obnoxious. Yup,that was definitely Twin Cities. The fused brothers walked into view,turning on the lights. \"Sorry.\" The head on the right said. The group got into calling that head \"Twin\" and the left head \"Cit\". \"You wanted to talk to us Atom?\" Cit asked. He was more of the SENSIBLE one. But that DIDN'T mean that he was still a nutbar. Atom nodded with a sigh as he sat down on a metal bench in the room. \"Yeah. I know I'm going to REGRET asking this but...can you give me some tips to ask Victorious out?\" Twin and Cit slowly smirked,raising their mechanical eyebrows. \"You SURE you want some tips?\" They asked. Atom nodded numbly,knowing he was going to regret this decision too. It was like a never-ending series of EMBARRASSMENT and STUPIDITY! \"AWESOME!\" Twin Cities quickly grabbed Atom's arm and YANKED him out of the room. \"GAH-!\" Twin Cities walked over to the sofa in the living room that the boxing bots sat at and pointed to it. \"Do a sexy pose.\" Twin said. \"WHAT?!\" \"Trust us on this!\" Cit said quickly. Atom sighed,face-palming.\"WHY are we doing this...?\" He asked tensely,irritation clear in his voice.\" \"You gotta get your SEXY ON dude!\" Twin said,motioning to the couch. \"Get my WHAT on?!\" Atom yelled,his arms and shoulders drooping as he quickly looked at the double heads. \"PLEASE say you are JOKING! This IS a prank right?!\" \"No no LISTEN!\" Twin Cities quickly ran up to Atom,wrapping an arm around his shoulders. \"YOU,are the LION.\" Twin said,poking Atom's chest. Cit used the other arm to point forward. \"And VICTORIOUS, is your PREY.\" He said. \"...Where you two watching the Discovery channel again?\" \"NO! ...Well yeah,but that's not the POINT!\" Twin said quickly. Atom rolled his eyes as Twin Cities walked up to the couch and pointed to it. \"When you are looking for your MATE,you must FIRST,Stalk your prey,and then CLAIM it! And SOMETIMES...you gotta show some lust to lure the prey in.\" Cit said with a nod. The two head slowly looked at each other with smirks and slowly nodded. Atom sighed again,holding his head. \"Guys,I get where you're going but I'd LIKE to be MYSELF-\" \"You dance right?\" Twin asked. \"Yeah,what about it?\" \"Use your DANCE SKILLS to lure Victorious in!\" Cit said quickly,motioning to Atom. Atom raised his head a little,indicating that if he had eyebrows he'd raise one. \"Use my DANCING...to get my \"sexy on\"?\" \"EXACTLY!\" The two said at the same time. \"You mean...just do this?\" Atom said as he started to pop and lock his joints. \"YEAH! Now you gettin' it!\" Cit said as Atom spun around,abruptly stopping and locking himself in a position. \"AWESOME! Now do a pelvis thrust!\" Twin said. FWAP! Atom once again threw a polite punch,making Twin Cities fall back. He turned on his heels and began to walk off. \"Idiots.\"[Chapter 5] Hey guys! Here is the fourth chapter! I know,I know,IM SO LATE on updating this! But here it is! This chapter I have to say is my favorite so far for this fanfic! Enjoy and don't forget to comment! Chapter 4:Misunderstandings Atom walked over to the sparring boxing ring and sighed,plopping down on the edge of it. He placed a hand on his face. \"That's it...\" The sparring bot mumbled. \"I give up.\" \"Really? You were tossed around the ring and you faced me,and you're getting upset over this?\" Atom quickly looked up to see in front of him was Zeus the WRB champion with his arms crossed. \"What do you want Zeus?\" Atom snapped irritably. Zeus chuckled as he crossed his arms and walked up to Atom. \"What? You're not happy to see me?\" \"No.\" Zeus waved a hand and sighed with a smile as he patted Atom's shoulder. \"You look bummed. Nobody's advice working for you?\" Atom shook his head slowly,resting his head on his head. He suddenly tilted his head as confusion hit him. \"Wait a minute,\" Atom quickly looked at the champ and shrugged with a shake of his head. \"why do YOU care?\" \"Because honestly,\" Zeus began as he sat down next to Atom with a laugh. \"me and Ambush have watched you and your \"lessons\" with Noisy Boy and Twin Cities. I gotta say; We both were laughing our asses off.\" He stated,trying not to laugh. Atom stared at Zeus for a moment and sighed as he slid off from his spot on the ring and began to walk off,laughing flatly. \"Oh yeah,I'm SURE it was HILARIOUS. Nice of you to say that,really.\" \"Hey,I'm not done talking to you yet!\" \"Well I am!\" Zeus sighed as Atom walked off and shook his head. \"Kids...always freakin' moody...\" The champ grumbled as he rose to his feet. \"Well Atom ain't the one picking on you.\" \"What else am I supposed to do Ambush?\" Zeus asked as he looked back at Ambush who was shadowboxing in a mirror. \"Wait a minute,when the hell did you even come in here?\" He asked. Ambush always seemed to manage to enter the room without anybody even noticing he was there. \"Not that long ago. But long enough to hear you put the kid down.\" Ambush replied as he did an uppercut at his reflection. \"You really should try to he nicer to Atom though.\" He suggested. \"He's only a kid.\" Zeus sighed and rolled his eyes. \"Here we go...\" \"You know what Zeus,\" Ambush stopped shadow boxing and looked back at Zeus and began to walk up to the champ. \"I think you're actually getting ATTACHED to Atom.\" \"What? You have to joking me Ambush-\" \"Nope! You know I'm right Zeus.\" \"You're crazy. That is the most RIDICULOUS thing I have ever heard!\" \"Then why are you getting defensive?\" \"I'm not \"getting defensive\"! I'm just SAYING that I'm not getting attached to Atom!\" Zeus snapped as he crossed his arms and looked away from Ambush. Ambush shrugged,nodding. \"Alright,fine. But you should at least TALK to the kid. The way I see it; You both have a bit of a misunderstanding for each other.\" Zeus rolled his eyes again. \"Just TRY to talk to him WITHOUT mocking everything he does Zeus. Who knows,you could probably bring the best out of Atom.\" With that,Ambush left the room. Zeus stared at the ground for a long time,thinking. He eventually sighed,closing his eyes and shaking his head. \"Alright...\" Zeus muttered under his breath. \"fine. I'll talk to him.\" ","Summary":" Yellow peoples!^w^ So before you read this,lemme explain. XD What this is,is basically a sort of \""},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Love Can Be Scary","Author":"Ash Lightwood. Shadowhunter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10871885","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"This is gonna be so much fun!\" Cassie exclaimed. The young witch was packing her suitcase to live with the Cromwell's, at least long enough to incorporate themselves into human life. \"You're pretty excited, considering you can't use your powers in front of the humans.\" said Jezebel. The 16-year-old siren tossed her fire truck red hair behind her back and stood up from her four-poster bed and practically floated to her dresser, making her footsteps almost completely silent. She grabbed the few remaining human shirts she had and stuffed them into her black bag, which Cassie had enchanted with an extension charm. Jezebel grabbed her favorite human book, City of Bones, which was kind of like a safety blanket for her, and held it close to her heart. \"Speaking of which, do you know how to tone yours down?\" Cassie asked curiously. The girl had known her for years, as they went to the same Halloweentown boarding school. Not only that, but they were roommates. At first sight, the two look like polar opposites of beauty. Cassie had her cute black hair and brown eyes, with a slightly tanned complexion. At this moment (besides her clothes), she could pass for an adorable human girl. On the other hand, there was Jezebel, or Jez, as she preferred. Her bright hair definitely caught attention, but their eyes kept on her for other reasons. Her eyes were slightly bigger than average humans. Those sterling silver (yes, I said silver) orbs were roughly the size of tennis balls, taking up much of her face, but somehow enhancing her beauty. Her skin was milky white, but felt like she had spent the day in the sun, just the right temperature to make you want to touch her more. Her lips were a bloody red, as well. There was CLEARLY a difference between the mischief-causing witch and the breathtakingly beautiful siren. \"I just have to fix a couple of facial features and rein in my wanting.\" You see, when a siren sees someone she wants, her senses attune to that one person and she sings, willing the victim toward her. The siren usually can choose what, or who, they feel the want for, and that's just what she was going to do. Another amazing thing that sirens can do is change their appearance, on how best to hook their prey. Jez focused on her eyes, which shrank to a normal humans' and deepened to a charming hazel. She focused then on her skin tone, which she colored to a golden shade. Finally, she willed her hair to tone down its fiery color to a copper, which complimented her skin nicely. She had more of a human beauty to her now. She kept her really red lips and kept her height the same, a nice 5'7. She looked at her raven colored dress, such a regular garment for Halloweentown, but it's plunging neckline and skintight material would place a rather bad image for her in the human world. She traded it for a pair of black skinny jeans and a black vest shirt, her shoulders visible, but hiding everything it should. She put on a pair of high-tops and put her hair in a messy bun. She grabbed both her extended bag full of clothes and valuables and her brown leather messenger bag, ready to go. \"Jezebel? Cassie? Hurry up, or we'll be late. We have to meet my granddaughter at the school.\" Aggie Cromwell called. They walked out and surrounded her little orange car, along with everyone else. \"Girls, there is Natalie, Pete, Chester, and Ethan.\" Jez nodded at them each in turn, staring at the last one. Ethan. She hated to think it, but this warlock was smokin' hot. \"These are Jezebel and Cassie. Now lets go!\"[Chapter 2] When we got to school, we met Marnie, who's honestly kind of pretty. She started walking us around, telling us where everything was. She thought some human kid was one of us and pulled on what she thought was a tail, and all of the kid's books fell. I decided to make myself scarce and head for science, where I sat next to a raven-haired boy with sea-green eyes. \"Well hello,\" he said flirty, looking me up and down, \"Where have YOU been all my life?\" \"Canada.\" I said coldly. I had just met the guy and I don't like him. All I wanted was for him to leave me alone. \"I'm Luke. And you are? Besides hot, of course.\" He smirked. Is he EVER gonna give up? \"Jez.\" I turned from him and watched as Aggie Cromwell, Marnie, and that student she found earlier, Cody, entered. I covered my mouth with my hand when Aggie conjured a parrot. At lunch, I found Cassie and Natalie and sat with them, and soon enough, the whole table was filled with guys, and only 2 of them came from Halloweentown! Poor Pete and Ethan, they did NOT look comfortable. One of the guys at the table was, wait for it... Luke. \"Hey sexy, nice to see you again.\" He put his arm around my shoulders. \"Leave me alone, creep,\" I said in a warning tone. He just smirked, so I pulled his arm over my head, twisted it, and shoved, making him fall off the seat and onto the floor. Natalie gave me a semi-worried look. \"What? I warned him.\" She chuckled softly. I caught Ethan's eye and he smiled at me, and his smile made my heart want to sing… Oh no. \"I-I'll be right back.\" I told whoever was listening, and made a beeline for the girls bathroom. I tried to calm my breathing, my slender fingers gripping the sink tightly. \"Jezabel, are you ok?\" Cassie asked. I shook my head no. My heart was pounding now. She grabbed my hands and looked me in the eyes, \"You're going to be fine. Breathe in,\" I breathed, \"Breathe out.\" After a couple minutes of her coaching, I eventually calmed. When we got back to the table, I could feel the Halloweentown kids' eyes on me, but I wouldn't meet anybody's. After lunch, I found where Aggie was going to have us meet and rushed inside. I slumped on the couch. How was I supposed to talk to him now? All it took to make my wanting go off was his SMILE. I'm so doomed. I put my head in my hands. \"Hey, are you alright?\" A male's voice asked. I looked up and into the gorgeous orbs of Ethan's eyes. \"I-I'm fine. Just stressed.\" Other people joined us, and soon enough we were all lounging in our locker. Marnie came through and was surprised we all had huddled in there. \"Why aren't you out there making friends?\" \"They think we're freaks, and not the cool kind.\" somebody said. \"Well, you have to find SOME way to make friends…\" she thought. \"Hey Pete, catch!\" she threw an apple and he climbed up the wall and caught it in his mouth. \"The football team's looking for a quarterback, but next time, catch it in your hands.\" She went around the room, pointing out what each of them would be good at, then she got to me. \"Jez, you have to make friends somehow. Ummm, what exactly… are you?\" she asked as nicely as possible. I quickly shifted to my natural look, and a 'ohhh' resounded through the room. \"I'm a siren,\" I said, shaking out my bright red hair. \"Hmmmm, well, sirens are singers, right?\" she asked. \"Yeah, but…\" \"But what?\" \"I've had control of my powers for quite some time now, but for some reason, they are acting up for me now. I don't want anyone to feel close to me just because the siren song hit them,\" I put my head down. Two hands slip into my open ones, and when I lift my head, I see they belong to Ethan and Cassie. \"We believe in you.\" She said.[Chapter 3] The next day, I got dressed in a tight red shirt, skinny jeans, combat boots, and black fingerless gloves. I looked in the mirror as I put my hair in a high ponytail. I sighed. Please, please just let this day go by quickly. I got out to see Cassie in a t-shirt and jeans, with a cute hat on her head and white and red sneakers. \"You look gorgeous, Jez,\" she said, making me blush. Siren or not, compliments always made me smile. \"You look pretty cute too.\" I smiled. We linked arms and walked out to the little yellow bug, squishing into the backseat where Ethan, Pete, and Natalie were already sitting. \"Hey Jezabel… you look really nice today.\" Ethan said, a shy smile on his face. My cheeks colored. \"Oh, thanks…\" I looked out the window, desperate to hide my blush. Eventually, the heat in my cheeks went away and the rest of the kids got in, and off to school we went. When we got to school I hesitated, wanting to sign up for show choir, but unsure if I could control myself. Someone grabbed my arm and pulled me into the auditorium, and turned to face me. 'Ethan?\" \"Look, I know you've been worried about your powers, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't do something that makes you happy,\" Ethan said, his bright eyes peering into my soul. \"Look, even if I was sure about my powers, how do you know I'll make it in?\" I asked. \"Sing.\" \"What?!\" 'Sing me a song,\" he smiled cheekily. I bit my lip before breathing in and started to sing: If you were with me now I'd find myself in you. If you are with me now You're the only one who knew All the things we planned to do. I want to live my life The way you said I would. With courage as my light Fighting for what's right Like you made me believe I could And I will fly on my father's wings To places I have never been There is so much I've never seen And I can feel his heart beat still And I will do great things On my father's wings This world I'll never see My dreams that just won't be This horse's stride With one day's ride Will have covered more distance than me And I will fly on my father's wings To places I have never been There is so much I've never seen And I can feel his heart beat still And I will do great things On my father's wings. Someday With his spirit to guide me And his memory beside me I will be free To fly on my father's wings To places I have never been There is so much I've never seen And I can feel his heart beat still And I will do great things On my father's wings On my father's wings With every phrase, he smiled more and more. I didn't use my gift, did I? I ran from the room. Saturday. Otherwise known as mall day. I put on a black tank top, white half jacket, leggings, and jean shorts. I put skater shoes on and put my hair half up and half down. The last thing I grabbed was my black messenger bag (with my wallet, perfume, brush, and chap stick in it) and I walked out. Marnie began trying to give us a tour, but I quickly tuned out when I caught sight of a music store. I walked briskly into it and immediately went to the grand piano in the back. My fingers ghosted over the keys slowly, and I played a song from memory. There's a song that's inside of my soul. It's the one that I've tried to write over and over again. I've awakened the infinite cold But you sing to me over and over and over again. So I lay my head back down… And I lift my hands and pray To be only yours I pray To be only yours I know now, you're my only hope. \"That was gorgeous, Jez.\" Said a voice behind me. I turned to look at them, \"I didn't realize people were listening.\" The people standing behind me were Marnie and her boyfriend. \"So you must be Cody, huh?\" I smiled politely at him, when really, all I wanted was for them to go away. We chatted for a little bit before I excused myself to go find Cassie. I found her, and the rest of the Halloweentown kids, staring at a display for a Halloween store. \"This is what they think of us? I'd be scared of us too.\" Pete said. I looked at the display, which made almost all of us into horrible creatures. These guys walked past, and started stuff, and Ethan had enough of it, so he taunted them right back. They got into an actual fist fight, and I grabbed the guys arm that was on Ethan and pulled him off. \"Leave him alone, you jerk.\" I spit, glaring at him. One of the guys smirked and walked up to me, cupping my face with his hand. \"Honey, you don't need to defend these losers. Why don't you come hang out with us, we'll show you a good time.\" I moved my head, my hair slapping against his cheek, \"I'd rather die,\" I stepped back and helped Ethan up, \"Now get the hell out of here.\" My voice was like steel, and there must have been something to scare him and his buddies, because they took off. And that's when chaos struck. ","Summary":" \"This is gonna be so much fun!\" Cassie exclaimed. The young witch was packing her suitcase to liv"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"The Devil Sits Ringside","Author":"Emo Owl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7813488","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"I want you to take me on as an intern.\" I stated plainly as I leaned on the work bench. \"I don't take interns.\" He replied bluntly in his scratchy accent. His deep voice resonated in the tiny office. I briefly wondered why he wasn't in a bigger room on the newer side of the stadium, but then I realized this was probably a lot more private. \"I know.\" I replied honestly. \"Then why are you here?\" He stressed as he picked up his pencil and made a few notes in Japanese next to some of his calculations. \"Because you're going to take me on as an intern.\" I answered smoothly. Tak Mashido glanced up from the plans he was working on and gave me a look of confusion. It was definitely a rare move for him, even if his expression wasn't that different from the emotional mask he usually wore. He quickly covered the slip by schooling his face back into its normal expression and returning his gaze back to the page. \"I graduated from MIT with a 4.0 in mechanical engineering and computer programing. I have won numerous bot design competitions and numerous fights as a controller. I am capable of doing everything from designing and building to getting coffee and dry cleaning.\" I listed. He looked completely unimpressed. \"There are others with the same credentials and more experience.\" He paused. \"Get out.\" He commanded as he reached for the pencil again. \"You haven't heard the last reason Mr. Mashido.\" I broke in cuttingly. He put his pencil down with a snap before leaning back in his chair, obviously waiting for an explanation. \"One day you're going to need a new bot design and you're going to need someone you can trust to help you build it.\" I stated. \"Zeus crushing everything in sight is great for business, but how long is that going to last? Technology changes; I mean, just look at how far things have come since the G1 bots. One day Zeus is going to meet his match and you need a new bot for when that happens or it's going to like the Noisy, Rubicon fight.\" His whole body tensed and I waited for an explosive reaction. I had heard his temper wasn't pretty, and that mentioning Noisy Boy was one of the worst things you could ever do in front of him, but I decided to do it anyway to see if I could push him into this. Was it a bad idea? Probably, but I didn't care how loud he yelled at me, or what he threw at me, as long as it worked. \"And you think, that out of all the young guns that try to be bot designers, that you are the one to help me design my new bot?\" He growled. I almost raised my eyebrows in shock at the fact that he hadn't thrown me out for merely insinuating that I could be on his level, but I managed to control my facial features. \"Your creation is yours. It's not my place to step in and tell you what to do, but I do want to learn how you build bots in the league. I realize my chances of having a job working on building a bot like Zeus are slim, but I would like to work in this industry.\" I answered honestly. He paused for a moment to mull it over. I was afraid he had forgotten me when he closed his long fingers on the pencil and began drawing on a piece of paper. I stood awkwardly as he scribbled away. He eventually finished a drawing of the inside of a bot arm and tossed it in my general direction. He didn't even look up to see if I had it as he started writing notes in the margin of his already completed designs. I managed to snag the page before it went off the end of the work bench without wrinkling it too bad. Spreading it out on the bench, I noticed several design flaws in the design. Careful not to be obvious, I snuck a glance at Tak. He was completely focused on the notebook in front of him and didn't seem to care one way or the other if I passed his test. I absent mindedly chewed my lips as I reached for a pencil. The drawing was quickly done without a lot of detail, but the parts were clearly identifiable. I carefully circled several of the mistakes and then added in my corrections. I looked over it at least three times before I was satisfied I had caught everything and handed it back. He took it from me without a word and scanned over it before placing it on a pile of scratch paper. My heart sank when he didn't reply. I felt sick as I turned to leave since he was so obviously dismissing me. \"Name?\" He asked. \"Piper Hatton.\" I answered quickly. \"West entrance 5:30 a.m.\" He ordered quickly. \"Thank you, sir.\" I replied as I exhaled a breath I didn't realize I had been holding. And with that, I knew I had been dismissed. Excitement coursed through me as I shut the door behind me and turned down the narrow, gray hallway. The smile I had been containing tugged at the edges of my lips. I had gotten an internship with Tak Mashido. He was going to do everything possible to make my life a living hell to ensure I didn't come back the next day, but holy shit; Tak Mashido. I was one step closer to my goal of being a bot designer. All I had to do was survive. I could make it; I was tough, but this was going to be a different challenge entirely. League bot designers rarely took interns, and if they did, the interns life was usually a living hell. Tak Mashido was the only one that hadn't had at least one, but it wasn't for lack of trying. I knew of a lot of students that had tried everything imaginable to get a spot on his team. Everything short of breaking in a back door and showing up in his office, of course; that was probably because the idea was nothing short of insane. A move like that could get you banned from the fights forever. Maybe all it took was a little tenacity to get on his good side. Either that or he was going to make an example of me so all of the aspiring bot designers would stop stalking him. AN: Super random story idea. I loved the movie Real Steel, and I liked Tak's character. I know he's a little OOC here, but next chapter it will be better. Also, next chapter will have background information so it's not so confusing.[Chapter 2] Five thirty was crisp and cold. It was also the exact moment that Tak Mashido pulled up to the entrance in a white 2020 Tesla Roadster. He looked different that I usually saw him in the interviews; instead of a sharp, expensive suit he was wearing dark jeans, a charcoal sweater over what I'm pretty sure was a black wife beater, a jacket, a scarf, and a knit hat. He looked like such a hipster; it made me feel over dressed in black dress pants and a white blouse. I didn't have long to contemplate my outfit choice of the day; the second his foot was on the ground outside the car he was tossing the keys to the valet. I straightened my spine as he stalked over towards me in a long stride. I opened my mouth to offer a greeting, but I was cut off by him yanking off his jacket and tossing it at me. By the time I pulled it off of my head he had the door open and was disappearing through it with the same stride. It's going to be a long day. I thought as I took off after him. He completely ignored my presence as he made his way towards the Lemkova suite. I had to practically jog to keep up with him, which brought quite a few stares from the janitors who looked like they were praying my heels didn't mark their freshly cleaned floors. No one else was here to stare at this hour; the polish lobbies of the boxing complex were almost completely. It was a strange sight to me since I had only been here on fight night. \"The new parts for Zeus are arriving at nine, they need to be taken in, unpacked and prepared for inspection. I'm expecting a call from Japan, which will need to be forwarded from my office to my cell, also coming around nine. I want a medium t-bone steak, with mashed potatoes and broccoli from that restaurant downtown at noon for lunch delivered to the work room, and reservations made at that seafood place for and early dinner at six thirty. Grande sized black coffee from Starbucks in my work room in no more than fifteen minutes.\" He listed off as we reached the door to the Zeus suite. He pulled a card out of his chest pocket and swiped it over a sensor at the side of the door. It slid open and he continued inside and up the stairs without breaking his stride. Nervousness spread through me as I tried to remember his every demand. The Starbucks was all the way across town and there was no way I could get his coffee and make it back in time. He was also leaving out important specific pieces of information and asking me to be in two places at once. Fabulous. At the top of the stairs there were two doors. Tak turned to the one of the left and swiped the card. He hit the door with a clothes fist and it swung inward easily. As the lights above hummed to life, I got a good look at the inner workings of Tak Mashido's design process. The modern glass desk was covered in sticky notes, some in Japanese and some in English, all lined up and color coded. A thick brief sat in one corner containing who knows what. Unsure of what else to do, I pulled out a coat hanger and put his coat up in the closet. I glanced up to see if that was what he expected me to do, but he was walking across the huge office to his desk. He sat in the desk chair and tapped on the computer screen. It rose to life quickly under his fingertips. He pulled up a calendar that was covered in memos and to do lists. Without looking at me, he flicked his hand at me to come closer. Nervously I edged over until I was standing beside him. \"If it's in red, it's for you to do. If it's black, it's my schedule. You would do well to memorize my schedule and start working on what you have to do.\" He told me as he stood up. Just as he was half way out of the chair, his shoulder struck a low shelf and a box tumbled to the floor, spewing papers when it hit the ground. He glanced down at it as he sidestepped around the desk and opened a drawer. He pulled out a key card and tossed it to me. \"Those haven't been scanned yet. I expect them reorganized and put back in that box.\" My heart sank as I stared at the mess at my feet. \"You now have ten minutes to get that coffee.\" He commented. My head snapped around towards him, but he had already disappeared out the door. Unsure of what else to do, I pulled out my phone and called a friend. \"Yo, Lace. What's up? I haven't heard from you in a while.\" An old high school friend's voice began. \"I need some coffee. How quickly can you get it to the arena?\" Z My breath was coming out in pants by the time I burst through the door of Tak's work room. He glanced up from a tablet where he was doing something with a stylus to take in my disheveled appearance. He raised an eyebrow and went back to his tablet. \"Do you have the tea I asked for?\" He asked as he continued poking at things on the screen. \"Which kind would you like?\" I asked, pulling the drink carrier from around the door and holding it up so he could see it. He finally looked up from the tablet with a look of confusion plastered all over his face. Luckily Tak wasn't the first boss I've ever had that tried to make me quit on the first day; I had had another person pull that on me and the first time I fell for it. This time I was smart enough to know better. He motioned for me to come all the way inside. When I made it to his desk, he plucked a cup of green tea out and flicked his hand in dismissal. Without a word, I backed out the door and closed it behind me. Once I was out of his sight, I pulled the black coffee out of the holder and handed the rest to a janitor I passed. My to-do list swirled in my head as I made my way back to the Lemkova suite. Organizing those papers was going to take forever and he was still expecting me to be in two places at once. Making reservations was easy; I was going to call every seafood restaurant and then several other restaurants in case he decided he wasn't feeling seafood. Lunch might not be perfect, but he'd get his steak. Getting the phone call and the order was the issue. Oh well. I still had three hours to figure something out. Z \"Piper, I can't understand how this is so difficult for you. Monkeys can be trained for this.\" Tak's deep, scratchy voice grated on my nerves. \"It's because you are intentionally asking me to do the impossible.\" I almost snapped with an eye roll that was thankfully blocked by the curtain my dark hair formed as it fell over my shoulder. He snorted. I was sitting in the middle of his office floor holding a soldering iron, surrounded by pieces of scrap metal. It was rather difficult to make an outer panel of a robot's torso out of the scraps without using a tool other than a soldering iron, which Tak decided he wasn't going to allow. I was stuck putting them together like a jigsaw puzzle as he played a game on his phone and occasionally made snide comments. It was only four in the afternoon and I had almost been degraded to frustrated tears and least three times. Each impossible task was followed with an even more impossible task. He was throwing in random traps and hoping that I'd fall into him. He'd succeed for the most part, but he hadn't reduced me to quitting yet. I finally caught a break when a knock sounded at the door and the Farra Lemkova stepped in. Her perfectly done eyebrows arched in surprise as she took in me sprawled on the floor trying to layer pieces of scrap metal. I bit my lip nervously as I looked up at her, unsure of whether I was supposed to introduce myself, or if Tak was going to do that. \"Tak,\" Farra began without looking away from me. He cocked his head slightly in response, but he gave no other indication that he heard his sponser. \"Who is your friend?\" She cut her eyes at him, but he still hadn't looked up. \"I'm—\" I began. \"She is an engineer who is trying out for a spot as an intern.\" He interrupted. \"My name is—\" \"I doubt she will be continuing in this position.\" He interrupted me again. Farra glanced at me once more before her eyes settled on Tak. \"We need to leave for dinner.\" She began, completely ignoring me once she realized how unimportant I was. \"Reservations for two were made at the five star seafood restaurant three streets over, but they were also made at the Italian restaurant on Broad street, and also the little seafood restaurant on the bay. The last one is small, but the food is good, it's the off the beaten path, and the restaurant owner is willing to give you more privacy than the other two were.\" I stated as I went back to playing with sheet metal. \"I need to change before the fight.\" Tak commented. \"I picked up your dry cleaning. It's hanging in the closet beside your coat.\" I told him as I lined up some of the metal pieces exactly as I wanted them. When I had soldered them in place, I glanced up to see Zeus's dream team staring at me. If Tak had read my resume, he would have seen that I was used to jobs like this. I had spent every summer since I was twelve working in my parents' law firm. They were usually in court, so that left me to do things like pick up dry cleaning and organize schedules. I had also had internships in a variety of fields because I wasn't sure what I wanted to be when I grew up; my bosses ranged from generally nice people, to people who tried to trip me up for fun. Tak fell into the latter category. \"The last one sounds nice.\" Farra finally stated. \"I will call and let him know to expect you.\" I told her as I attempted to bend the metal into the shape I wanted it over my thigh. \"Are you sure she won't be here long?\" Farra asked. \"I'm positive.\" He responded darkly. I snuck a look at his blank expression. What the hell had I gotten myself into? AN: Is Tak OOC?[Chapter 3] The next day I couldn't keep my eyes open while I was waiting for Tak. He had sent me home right after the fight so I didn't have to go to the after party. I had gotten more sleep than he had, but I was dragging a lot more than he was; he stepped out of the Roadster looking just as fresh and awake as he did the morning before. I straightened up as he walked towards me. I was expecting him to brush past me like he did the morning before, but he actually stopped in front of me. I offered him his tea and he took it before offering me a nod and striding through the arena doors like he owned the place. The lobby was filled with twice as many janitors as the morning before as they tried to scrub up the heel marks and signs of the thousands of people the night before. Staff from the different boxing teams dragged their feet as they walked around finishing whatever they had to get done before they left. They looked as tired as I felt. I was so distracted watching the other people, that I wasn't paying attention to where Tak was leading me. He took me in the opposite direction of his office in the Lemkova suite. The hallways kept getting less and less populated as he dragged me down weird hallways and down sketchy stair cases. The arena was old. It was built as an effort to revive interest in human boxing towards the end of its decline in popularity. It was used for a few years until robot boxing started popping up in America. Sensing that they had to adapt or die, they closed it and started making adjustments. The robot boxing arena was practically built on top of the human boxing arena. The halls Tak was dragging me past the rooms that had been turned into workrooms and into the areas that were once weight rooms for human boxers. After I was hopelessly turned around, he stepped through a door labeled 'Men's Locker Room' and held the door for me. My nose wrinkled at the smell off old sweat socks and mold that still lingered in the humid room. I glanced around for any clue as to why Tak had dragged me there. My search for anything boxing related was cut short when Tak grabbed my shoulders and pushed me against a wall. I gasped in shock and clawed at his hand, but he brushed me off like I was a fly. He wasn't holding me hard enough to hurt—he was only putting a little bit of pressure on my shoulders with is open palms-, but I was terrified. I dared looking at his face, and saw he looked livid. I squeaked in fear. \"Where is your wire?\" He snapped. \"What?\" My voice came out sound like a field mouse. \"Your wire. Any sort of recording device.\" He clarified. \"I don't want to search you for it, but if I have to I will.\" \"I'm not a spy!\" I screamed as I pushed at his hands. \"You were a journalism minor with an internship at the Chicago Sun writing about robot boxing. You got a call from your old boss four days ago. I looked up your phone records.\" He spat through gritted teeth. \"The same man that has sent reporters all over this arena trying to get an inside look at Zeus.\" \"I will be shot before I work for that bastard.\" I screamed. \"He called me for something the other day, but I told him to go to hell before I figured out what it was. Please let me go.\" His grip loosened, but my back was still firmly pressed against a wall. \"Why should I believe you?\" He asked. \"I got the journalism minor in case I couldn't make it as a designer. I kept my internship hoping I would have a sure-thing job after I graduate so I could support myself while I tried to get into this industry. I lost it when I wouldn't sleep with that bastard.\" It all tumbled out in a hysterical, high pitch. \"Do you have any connections with any of the other papers?\" He demanded. \"No.\" I started sobbing. \"He had me blacklisted. I can't find a job. Please believe me; I really need this.\" He examined my face for any sign of a lie before he lightly patted down my stomach and lower back where a microphone would be. He flipped my collar up and checked under my lapels for any sign of one. The anger slowly vanished from his face as he took in what I said and the fact that I wasn't wearing a wire. His grip diminished on my shoulder and I slid down the wall without the pressure holding me there, sobbing into my hands. A minute later I heard the fabric of his silk suit pants rustle and I felt him gently pulling at my wrist. I moved my hand to the side and looked up at him through my lashes. He had dropped to a knee in front of me on the dirty floor. His was still borderline expressionless, but he looked almost apologetic. \"You will continue to work here.\" He finally spoke. \"Though, you will not touch Zeus for a long time. You will learn how to handle the other side of being a designer, and then you will learn what it takes to build the best bots.\" I nodded at him. \"Thank you,\" Another sob wracked my body. \"Stop that.\" He commanded. He sounded ridiculously uncomfortable. I attempted to suck it up, before another sob came. He wrapped a hand around my bicep and pulled me to my feet. \"Your job here is safe. Go home and pack for Atlanta. A car will be sent for you.\" He prodded me out the door into the hallway. I held it together as he led me back out of the arena. He must have felt guilty because he walked me all the way out to my car and only left after I was safely inside. Once I saw him disappear back into the area, I started sniffling again. Tak Mashido's temper was scary hell. But I couldn't really blame him for being angry. My exboss was a persistent bastard and would probably send someone to dig through Tak's trash if he thought it might lead to a story, and everyone knew it. Tak was known for being private. I had already pushed my way into his life by invading his personal office where he was hiding from everyone; it wasn't a hard stretch to believe I was working for him. Now he knew it wasn't a possibility; or at least I hoped he did. He was probably double checking everything that I told him. I knew exactly what I signed up for. Tak was a hard person to deal with. He was a complete social recluse who didn't deal with people. I'd probably never hear a good job, a thank you, or a sorry from him ever. He didn't care about much except for his robots; Zeus was his proudest achievement and he'd do anything to protect it. I began to wonder if he would ever trust me enough to let me actually touch Zeus. If he didn't, then this was almost a completely waste of time. Almost . I reminded myself. Six months with Tak and I could have a job with anyone I wanted. Five months, 3 weeks, and five days left. AN: This chapter wasn't meant to show Tak as violent; it's meant to show how reclusive and protective he is of Zeus. He'll be more likeable next chapter.[Chapter 4] Day 3 I turned around in the mirror as I contemplated the appropriateness of my outfit. I had on cream linen pants that flowed out to the summery brown leather wedges at my feet. The waist went all the way up to my belly button and tied with a little linen sash. My mint green, flowy button up shirt was tucked in. I had twisted my bicep length dark brown hair into a messy side bun and put a light brown, shimmery shadow over my green almond shaped eyes that were now framed by brown eye liner. It was a pretty outfit; it was comfortable and nothing was too tight or too flashy. It just wasn't what women on the Zeus team wore. It was more like a go-for-a-stroll-in-the-park outfit then an office outfit. I had plenty of those that I could just toss on, but I was curious; exactly what would Tak let me get away with? Pushing his buttons was stupid; I was still shaking from his anger when he thought I was screwing him over. I constantly reminded myself that he wasn't going to hurt me, that he only meant to scare me, but it wasn't working. He had only pressed me against the wall with open palms and raised his voice, but what if I hadn't been able to convince him I wasn't going to turn over everything I learned to a newspaper? We were alone in the basement of an arena far away from even the janitors. He probably would have had time to kill me and hide the body before someone walked into that part of the building. My phone buzzed from the tray on top of my vanity and I sighed before picking it up. It from the same number as the one the night before that told me travel details like how long we would be staying, what I could take on the plane, itinerary, all the crap I hoped to have assistants to deal with when I became a designer. It might have been Tak's number, but I doubted he would use his own personal cell phone since he didn't trust me. I tossed my phone in my bag after reading the one word text; all it said was \"outside\". Whoever was on the other end of that was defiantly laconic enough to be Tak. I took my time fixing myself in my floor length mirror. I fixed every misplaced hair and carefully applied concealer to all of the obnoxious blemishes that had popped up from the stress of working for Tak. Since he caused them, he should have to wait on me to fix them. I quickly changed my mind on that when a car horn sounded and I realized the driver was perfectly capable of driving off and leaving my ass. I stopped primping and snatched my purse and my carry on off of my bed before I practically threw myself down the stairs, barely remembering keeping my footing in my shoes. I barely remembered to grab my suit case from beside the door as another honk sounded. \"Took you long enough.\" Growled Tak when I finally slid into the back seat. He didn't even bother looking up from his little handheld game. I chewed on my bottom lip as I glared at him behind my sunglasses. Today he had decided to show up in black skinny jeans, boots, and a black wife beater with a scarf and his stupid knit hat. Maybe I worried too much about looking unprofessional; this hipster could not dress himself if he wasn't wearing a suit. I'd have to find another way to push his buttons. Z The flight went fairly smoothly. Farra was waiting for us in the hangar, speaking into her cell phone in rapid Russian. She switched to English for about three minutes to quiz Tak on Zeus's transport, then she went back to her phone and Tak went back to his video game. The only time either of them stopped was during takeoff. After that, the game didn't leave Tak's hands for any reason and Farra continued her conversation over Skype on the planes wifi. I was horrifically bored, but I couldn't sleep because of the Russian chatter and I was stuck beside Tak who had long arms, bony elbows, and no consideration about the fact that he stole my armrest. I had to refrain from pinching him to make him move. I was a cranky bitchy by the time we made it to the hotel. Farra's suite was ready, Tak's suite was ready, and everyone else on the Zeus team had rooms waiting for them. Tak apparently made my reservation himself, and he insisted that he told the woman the right date, but for some reason it was for next month. The woman working the front desk attempted to tell me that I was going to have to share with someone (by this the snobby, bony horse faced bitch meant Tak) or find another hotel. I not so politely informed the woman that perhaps she shouldn't be allowed to take phone calls and that if her roots weren't so dark I would have assumed she was a natural blonde because a reservation for the next month was idiotically illogical since I was part of the Zeus group. Grudgingly, she gave me a first floor room next to the Coke machines. I snatched the keys away from her and stalked off towards my room. I was about to put the key card in the door when a hand reached out and pulled it out of my grasp. I squeaked and jerked around, ready to fight off any attacker, when I realized it was just Tak. \"He will be taking your room.\" He gestured to a sheepish looking security guard leaning awkwardly against the wall with the handle of his suitcase in his hand. The man had a round, friendly face with piercing blue eyes and thicker lips. He looked older than most of the security guards and far more personable than the younger I'm-so-hot-because-I'm-buff-and-I get-to-wear-a-staff-shirt type that usually swarmed around Farra. \"Why?\" I turned my attention back to Tak. He shrugged his shoulders. \"It's not safe for you to be alone in a room that's easy to reach like this.\" The security guy offered. He sounded embarrassed. \"Thank you.\" I said, genuinely meaning it. He nodded with a tiny smile. \"We have an early morning.\" Tak reminded as he handed my room key to the guard and took off down the hall. With an eye roll, I jogged to catch up with him, my bag bouncing across the floor as I went. I didn't catch all the way up with him until I got to the elevator. It took forever making it back down to the first floor, which made me nervous; being in a slow elevator with Tak just wasn't appealing. At least waiting for it to get there wasn't too bad; he had pulled out his phone and was now completely distracted. Again. I don't care if he is the best technology inventor of his generation; he needs an intervention. I let out a sigh of relief as the stainless steel doors finally slid open. Tak wandered in without looking up from his text. I rolled my eyes and walked to other side, settling in against the side panel. I was decently comfortable leaning my face against the cool metal until I saw Tak's arm extending over towards me. I had flashback of getting slammed into the locker room wall and flinched violently, quickly moving out of the way. He gave me an unreadable look as he pushed the elevator button and I felt embarrassed. Attempting to cover that up, I found a spot in the corner to stare at. Unfortunately Tak didn't do the same. I could feel his eyes boring into the side of my head and it was making me jittery. \"Did you get the itinerary?\" He asked after a long moment of silence. \"Yes.\" I responded simply. He glanced at the floor for a second, but then to my annoyance, his eyes went right back to me. I glanced at the floor numbers in the top corner and down at the lighted button to see I still had six to go. I could make it. The elevator doors finally opened and I practically sprinted out, leaving him in the elevator on the other side of the closing doors. Or so I thought. I made it four feet before my suitcase handle was pulled out of my hand and my carry on was pulled off of my shoulder. Tak walked around me at his usual galloping pace and I was left fuming. Why couldn't he just go away? All I wanted was to be by myself and take a shower and go to bed. I was so tired I was pouting like a three year old by the time I made it to the door Tak was standing beside. He pulled a key out of his back pocket and unlocked the door for me before walking in and placing my bags down. I sat down on the nearest bed and waited for him to leave, but all he did was stand there awkwardly. \"I confirmed your story.\" He murmured. I nodded jerkily. \"Tomorrow , over lunch with Farra, your contract will be established and the terms of your long-term employment will be drawn out, not just an unpaid internship.\" My heart sank at the words \"long term\". This was everything I'd ever wanted being handed to me, but I wasn't sure if it was safe for me to stay there. Tak apparently noticed my hesitation as he began shift his weight, waiting for an answer. \"We don't have time for lunch tomorrow.\" I muttered in reply, remembering the schedule. He rolled his eyes. \"You're a fool if you don't take this opportunity.\" He stated before walking out. He was right, but what if this contract was drawn up in a way where he practically owned me? Highly possible considering the amount of hours I would have to spend around him being his personal assistant and intern. Was selling my soul to the freaking devil on earth for a job opportunity really worth the hell I would be living in? Yes, because it was the only shot I had at being taken seriously in this industry. AN: Finals are coming up so this is the last update for a while. I said Tak would be more likeable and I lied. Eventually he will, though.[Chapter 5] At noon, Tak dragged me away from my work and into the Lemkova suite. It was nothing like the suite in Chicago; it was a narrow and far away from the arena. It was sparsely decorated with a few couches and an outdated coffee table that looked like it used to reside in the champion's suite. Farra looked out of place on a cheaper black leather couch surrounded by magazines ranging from time to Time to Extreme Robotics . She had on an expensive neon blue mini dress and five inch Jimmy Choo stilettos. Her long hair was swept back away from her sharp face in a sleek pony tail. She had a serious expression on her face as she read off of the tablet in her hands. That changed when the door slid closed behind us. A thin, scheming smile split her face as she looked both of us over. Without speaking, she stood and led us into an office. It was clean, but it had absolutely no personality. It didn't fit with the sleek, modern style that Sergei Lemkova, and now his daughter, was famous for. \"I realize you do not have much time, so I will get right to business.\" Farra began as she fluidly slid behind her desk and elegantly gestured to the couch in front of her. Timidly I sat on the edge of the cushion under her eagle eyed gaze. Tak lazily strolled between us and took a seat on the other end of the couch. He immediately pulled out his phone and began playing a game. I glanced over at him in annoyance and saw that, even though his fingers were flying over the games controls, his eyes were actually focused on us. \"I have a one year contract with Lemkova Corporation. I believe that with the growth the company is about to experience we could use you. You are being hired as Tak Mashido's personal assistant. You will handle whatever he needs, and, if there is a time when you are not needed with him, you will work for me.\" She stated professionally in her clipped accent. \"As I'm sure you have noticed, nothing you have handled has been confidential.\" She continued. \"When you sign this contract, you agree to complete secrecy. I don't care if you are under penalty of perjury, this company will take action against you if you choose to reveal one of its secrets.\" She pulled a stack of papers in a tan folder out of her desk drawer and dropped it in front of her. It landed on the polished desk with a snap. My heart sank as I saw how thick it was. I had to handle a lot of random loose ends for Tak while he made sure Zeus got off the truck safely. I literally only had twenty minutes at the most before I had to get back to unpacking and preparing his work room. There was absolutely no way I could read the massive stack of papers in that time. Unsure of what else to do, I grabbed the papers and started flipping through it. My pay was clearly outlined up front and a lot higher than I thought it would be. I quickly realized why when I saw the broad range of positions she could possibly ask me to fill if I was ever needed. Also clearly stated was the fact that I gave up my right to sue the company. Basically, for at least the entire year my contract specified, Farra owned me. But wasn't this what I had always wanted? Wasn't that what I had fought for against hundreds of other engineering graduates? I had spent my years at MIT locked in a library surrounded by texts books dreaming of this opportunity. I had endured years of my parents' scorn when I told them I was pursuing engineering instead of law. No one had thought I could make it, but here I was, sitting in Farra Lemkova's office next to Tak freaking Mashido having second thoughts about working with the greatest robot boxing team the world had ever seen. It was just one year: twelve months, 52.1 weeks, 365 days. That was a long time, but if I took it one day at time, it wouldn't be that bad. Tak was terrified of having someone else observe his life that closely and in that much detail and would always be difficult, but as long as I didn't put my nose where it wasn't wanted, then he should warm up to me. If he was absolutely unbearable, then Farra could probably use me in another facet of the Lemkova Corporation and it would still be on my resume. One year and I would have every door open that I ever wanted. I would have job opportunities from other teams, the news stations would ignore the rumors that that pig spread about me, and I would have enough knowledge of how the game worked to make my own bot and try to sell it to a team like Tak had done. Before I knew what was happening, my hand had reached out for the pen on Farra's desk and took it, running my fingers over the cold metal. I flicked through a few more pages, but none of the words sunk in; my brain was too filled with thoughts of the sports report ten years from now proclaiming my bot as the WRB champion. Still high on the adrenaline from that mental image, I signed my name on the line indicated by a neon green sticky note. \"Welcome to the team, Ms. Hatton.\" Farra spoke quietly as she gathered my contract and tucked it back into the folder. The high faded when the folder disappeared back into the drawer. I had no idea what the rest of that contract said. My heart sank as a bunch of worst-case scenarios ran through my mind. What had I just gotten myself into? AN: Sorry this chapter is super rushed; I've been trying to get it out to y'all for a long time, but I have a massively busy schedule and I'm having trouble finding time and energy to write. Because everything's been hectic, writing has been very frustrating for me. As a result of this frustration, I deleted most of my in progress stories and almost deleted my entire account. I decided to save this, but if it's not getting read, then I'm just going to put up a one shot with what would have been the end of this. The next chapter might be out soon. This was a necessary chapter to show more of Piper's mental processes, but honestly I didn't have fun writing it. There's about to be a time skip so it should be easier to write. I did have some questions about Reel Steel: what is the name of Farra Lemkova's company and is her character OOC here? Also, if anyone catches any grammar errors, could you point it out? I've always struggled with grammar, but I feel like it's getting worse.[Chapter 6] Day 43 \"Mail's here.\" I called as I stepped into Tak's office and pulled the door shut behind me. He didn't look up from his tablet, but he did cock his head to the side slightly; a gesture I had learned washis code for 'I'm listening'. I had learned a lot of Tak's little quirks in the month that I had worked for him. He wasn't as hard to figure out as I first thought. He was a very quiet, still man; he hated being disturbed. He arrived at the arena, workshop, or Lemkova Corporation branch office hours before everyone else, locked himself in whatever room he was spending the day in, and then left when it was late and almost everyone had cleared out. I rarely ever saw him; he gave me my instructions for the day when I met him at the entrance at the morning, and then sent me off on my way. Every once in a while, he would show up and throw me some ridiculous engineering challenge, but that was pretty rare. \"Three letters from Tokyo, one from the manufacturing company that does parts, one from the software company, and—\" I stopped flipping through the letters as a blush spread across my face. \"One from Playboy.\" His eyebrow shot up at the last one. He extended his hand for the letter and I dropped it into his open palm. He snatched the letter opener off his desk and slashed the top of the envelope. His forehead scrunched as read through the letter. \"It's for you.\" He finally said as he dropped it in front of me. Sure enough, Piper Hatton was the name the letter was addressed to. My stomach did a flip as my eyes widened in shock. \"Why?\" I finally stammered. \"Interview and possibly a spread.\" He answered blankly. I reached for the letter, but he picked it up, tore it into several pieces and dropped it into the shredder underneath his desk. My mouth opened and shut like a fish as I tried to force some words out. What the heck? I was so confused. \"You will learn very quickly that publicity is what drives this industry, Ms. Hatton.\" Tak began slowly, sitting back in his seat. His dark eyes were staring me down and it was making me uncomfortable. \"Farra Lemkova is a master of this. She will do anything possible to create attention seats sell, even if that means creating media attention for you and me.\" \"She can't make me pose naked.\" I replied firmly. \"She doesn't have to.\" He deadpanned. \"They could digitally edit any photo and it would be virtually undetectable.\" \"Doesn't that call negative attention to you?\" I asked. I shifted nervously as I considered that possibility. It wasn't difficult to edit a picture. Plus, I had virtually no rights because of my contract; that had miraculously not been an issue, but now I was starting to seeing how much of an issue it could be. I could bring up a law suit saying that it was unconstitutional-which it was—but then it would probably keep me from getting a job with another team and give me enough bad press to scare of any future backers. \"Not necessarily.\" He answered after a lot of thought. \"Everyone loves a scandal, and that is exactly what the magazines will report.\" \"The hot-desperate-intern-has –affair-with-rich-boss angle is so over used.\" I scoffed as I sat heavily in the leather chair in front of his desk. Tak made a noise of agreement in the back of his throat. \"How do people outside the Zeus team even know I'm working for you? I could be doing any job for the team, and why them? Why not a tabloid?\" I rambled. \"The photographer that photographed Zeus for Wired magazine used to shoot for them.\" He replied smoothly. \"How do you know?\" I asked suspiciously. \"When simple minded people attempt to start conversations they say things they hope are impressive.\" His lip curled up as he remembered the annoying photographer. Now that he mentioned it, I remembered him too. He was absolutely repulsive. \"It's only a matter of time before that story gets reported and blown massively out of proportion.\" I predicted. \"The good thing is they have no proof, and any member of the Zeus team will testify that the claim is completely ridiculous.\" \"You're too naïve to make it as a journalist.\" He deadpanned. \"No, I'm not.\" I insisted as I stacked his mail in the appropriate files. He made a scoffing noise in the back of his throat, then fell silent again. \"No photographer could make it back into the Zeus offices or the workrooms where you stay. Even if they could, I'm only in the same room with you long enough to hand you something or get my next assignment. I haven't done anything to put myself in the public eye, so aside from one creepy photographer that tried to hit on me while I held your coat, no one even knows I'm working for you.\" I reasoned. \"I also suspect your friends on the security team would be more than happy to throw out someone that annoyed you.\" He replied passively. I raised an eyebrow at him in question, but he didn't look up from his tablet. \"How would a tabloid story like that be handled?\" I asked him. His lips pressed together in thought. \"A statement would be issued stating the contrary and you would be moved to one of the Lemkova Corporation's offices as far away from me as possible.\" He answered after a moment of silence. \"Good.\" I replied with a smile. \"I was expecting to be fired.\" I told him as turned and walked out of the office. Tak's words echoed in my head as I shut the door behind me, and I suddenly felt very nervous about signing that contract with Farrah. Her father was known for his ruthlessness when it came to business, and I didn't doubt that she would manipulate me if it was in her best interest. I really hoped that she wouldn't get the bright idea to use my personal life as publicity. \"Piper.\" Speak of the devil. Farrah's icy cold voice cut through the empty suite. I jumped at the sound and spun around to find her lounging on an expensive white leather couch with her back to me. \"Yes, mam?\" I asked her hesitantly. \"Come here.\" She extended her hand towards a chair directly beside her. Hesitantly, I picked my way around the couch and perched on the edge of the chair. She ignored me for a little longer as she read something on her phone, but then she fixed me in a steady, soul piercing gaze. \"Have you been enjoying your employment here?\" She asked me seriously. \"Yes. I have very much.\" I told her slowly. A satisfied look spread across her face. It reminded me of a cobra that had trapped a mouse. \"I'm glad to hear that. I'm sure you know that we in the Zeus team have been planning on challenging the current champion for the Real Steel championship.\" Her face glowed with pride. \"After we win, things will change for the team.\" \"Yes, mam.\" I said to fill the awkward silence that was left when she suddenly paused. \"I would like for you to join this company as something more than an intern. I will extend your contract to two years and raise your salary to six figures.\" She told me bluntly. My jaw dropped. \"You have the versatility to work on either the business aspect or the technical, and that is something that we could use.\" \"Thank you for such a generous offer.\" I began slowly. Her eyes narrowed like a snake when she heard my nervous tone. My heart jumped in my throat as a nervous blush rose up my neck and onto my face; it was the only color on my now pale cheeks. Farrah was terrifying and the thought of working under her thumb for two years scared the hell out of me. \"But—\" She pushed for me to continue. In her accent, it sounded like a hiss. \"But two years is a very long time. I-I—\" I faltered under her gaze. In two years I was supposed to be finished with my own robot. I couldn't say that to her obviously; her finding out she was training the future competition would not go over well. \"You,\" She stressed the first word. \"Have the opportunity of a lifetime served to you on a platter. Zeus will need to be adapted to meet the needs of the ever changing sport. You could take your chance on your own without sponsors , or you could have a very big part in working on a proven winner, and possibly on the next Lemkova Corporation champion.\" She stressed the word 'sponors' with a different inflection than she did 'you'. Instead of a threat, she was making it a bribe. Farrah Lemkova as a sponsor and Tak as a mentor; this was literally every engineering student's wet dream. An opportunity like this was invaluable. It was amazing. It was impossible to let go; if I did, I'd always regret it. Unable to form words with her staring me down, I nodded. A small smile pulled at the corner of her lips. \"Good. Now go fetch Tak for me. I want to look over Zeus before our next press conference.\" She told me with a flip of her hand in dismissal. Still in shock at her offer, I stood and shuffled away to Tak's door. ","Summary":" \"I want you to take me on as an intern.\" I stated plainly as I leaned on the work bench. \"I don'"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Halloweentown Forever","Author":"GreyOwl9831","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13039200","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, So if you couldn't tell by my stories so far (if you haven't seen my other work, check it out) but I am very into witches, wizards and all things magical. I grew up with the Halloweentown Movies and after Kalabar's revenge, we never got resolution with what happened with Kal/Cal. I also just recently found out that Kimberly J. Brown (Marnie) and Daniel Kountz (Kal/Cal) are dating in real like and it inspired me to write this story. Just so everyone is aware, I'm going to be spelling Kal's name like that. Kal. Also this story is going to feature facts, events, and little nods from all the movies (yes, even return to halloweentown because even though KJB wasn't Marnie in it, she will always be my marnie and she's the one i picture as I'm writing this story) and the book, \"The Witch's Amulet\" (If you haven't read it, it was a book released after Return to Halloweentown and kinda progresses the story) I really hope you enjoy the story.[Chapter 2] Marnie Piper looked around and sighed contently. Halloween was almost here. Her favorite day of the year and her favorite holiday. She had gone into town to gather the supplies she needed for her first ever Halloween party since moving to Halloweentown. She wanted this party to be the biggest, most successful party ever. Halloweentown, ever the source for anything Halloween, had outdone itself this year. Every store was over the top decorated. City Hall was made up to look like a haunted house, even though there were already several 'haunted houses' in town, occupied by families of Ghosts that presided there. Ever since the Cromwell/Piper clan had opened the portal for good, residents on either side being able to pass through worlds whenever they wanted instead of just on Halloween, more and more mortals were coming to Halloweentown to celebrate the holiday. In turn, a lot of the younger Halloweentown residents like to go Trick or Treating in the mortal world because their 'costumes' where the best around. After graduating from Witch University, once the site of her Grandma Aggie's home, Marnie had moved into her grandma's current house in Halloweentown. Grandma Aggie was hardly home. Between visiting her daughter, Marnie's mother, and training Marnie's sister Sophie in all things magical, it didn't leave much downtime to hang out with Marnie at home. Which was another reason that Marnie wanted this party to be successful. Grandma Aggie had managed to find some free time on Halloween and was going to be there, as well as the rest of her family. Her brother, Dylan, surprisingly had decided to live in Halloweentown after graduation as well. He had finally accepted that he was a warlock and was using his powers more and more. After finding out that he was using his powers in high school to speed read and skip a grade, Marnie was kinda impressed. Since Dylan moved into Grandma Aggie's house as well, Marnie found it a bit easier to teach him what she knew, Spells, potions, amulet uses. The list went on and on. And in true Dylan fashion, he was picking the stuff up pretty quickly. My brother, the scholar Marnie thought to herself. Marnie walked through Halloweentown, half lost in thought, half paying attention to the stores around her. She passed a shop that was selling magical cauldrons. Cauldrons themselves weren't magical, but magical things happened in them. They were used to brew potions, make dinner and once, grandma Aggie had used hers as a witch's glass. These cauldrons were being advertised as being able to provide whatever the owner needed. \"That's perfect.\" Marnie said aloud. \"It will save me on having to buy apples.\" She knew it was a little juvenile but one of things she wanted to do at her party is bob for apples. And with a magical cauldron, not only would she not have to actually buy the apples, but she wouldn't ever run out. \"I wonder if it's like Aggie's bag\" She wondered as she walked into the store to inquire. Ten minutes later Marnie left the store, buying more than she had intended to but came out empty handed. Being a witch had its perks. She just transported everything she bought back to the house and continued on her way. As she was leaving the store, she bumped into her friend, Ethan Dalloway. Ethan and her dated for a little after their freshman year at Witch University, after he helped her defeat the Dominion. He had revealed to her that after his father tried to take her family's magic away and have the portal shut down for good during her senior year, he had given up his magic. They realized, after a couple months of dating, that they really didn't have much in common and broke off the relationship but remained good friends. Ethan even got his magic back after proving that he could handle it. It was a reward for all he had done to save Halloweentown. \"Hey, Ethan. Are you and Cassie still coming to our party?\" Cassie was a witch she met during senior year when she tried to do an exchange program. She had brought several students from Halloweentown High to her high school in the mortal realm to prove to the residents of Halloweentown that mortals had changed and they were more accepting. She wanted the portal to remain open and wanted to show everyone that there was nothing to fear. Cassie also happened to be one of her neighbors. Cassie had attended college in the mortal realm. She found mortals fascinating and wanted to learn all she could about them. After college, she had moved back and, surprisingly, found a perfect match in Ethan. I guess it's not too much of a surprise, Marnie thought to herself, They have been friends for most of their lives. They're bound to have much more in common. \"That's still the plan.\" Ethan smiled back. \"I just came into town to pick up a few things for Cassie. She's working on a special potion for your party.\" Marnie beamed. This was going to be the best party ever. She had invited all of the residents of Halloweentown as well as many of her mortal friends that were available. \"Well don't let me keep you. Besides, I have to finish my shopping and get home. Dylan and I have our daily lesson anyway. Today I'm teaching him about transporting matter through time and space.\" Marnie informed excitedly. After saying their goodbyes, Marnie entered another store, this time to get little trinkets and gifts for her goodie bags that she was handing out. As she left the store, she bumped into someone. The person she bumped into dropped the packages he was carrying. \"I'm so sorry.\" Marnie said, bending down to help the stranger pick up the packages. \"It's perfectly okay.\" The stranger replied, bending down to pick up the last package. As they both straightened up, they looked at each other for the first time, slightly taken back. \"Marnie?\" The stranger asked. Marnie was speechless, she hadn't seen the man before her in many years. Halloween of her junior year of high school to be exact. \"Kal?\"[Chapter 3] \"Kal?\" Marnie asked in disbelief. She couldn't believe that the warlock who tried to take over the mortal world and turn all the humans into creatures was standing before her. During her junior year of high school, her family had thrown a halloween party. During that party, she had met Kal and his 'father'. Kal had laid the charm on thick and had Marnie believe he was into her, and with his handsome good looks, she of course was attracted to him. Little did she know that Kal was actually the son of Kalabar, the warlock who tried to take over Halloweentown during her first visit there. Kal had convinced Marnie to give her a tour of the house and while showing him her Grandma Aggie's room, he had stolen Aggie's spellbook so the Cromwell clan couldn't mess with his plans. It wasn't until Aggie's magic bag stopped working that Marnie and Aggie went to Halloweentown to investigate. When they had gotten there, they realized that Kal had used the Grey Spell on all of Halloweentown, taking away its magic and charm. Marnie eventually stopped him after the Cromwells came together and opened the portal for good, not just on halloween. \"How are you here?\" Marnie asked, getting defensive ready to fight if need be. She looked around. Witches, ghosts, goblins and all sorts of Halloweentown residents passed by them without even casting a second glance. \"Better question, why are you here?\" Kal held up his hands, trying to show Marnie that he came in peace and meant no harm. \"I'm just here picking up a few gifts for Halloween. I'm not here to cause trouble or cause a fight.\" He paused when he saw the suspicious look on Marnie's face. \"Look, can I explain?\" Kal studied Marnie for a moment, trying to see if he could continue or if he needed to back off. Marnie relaxed a little, but still on guard in case she this was a trick. Kal sighed. Marnie was going to listen. \"After our last encounter and with how everything went down, I disappeared for a while and layed low. I was so angry with how things went. My dad raised me to believe that the Cromwells were oppressing the residents of Halloweentown. That it was your family's fault that we had to leave the mortal world and hide away in this dimension. After what had happened that halloween, to me, that was further proof of that. Part of my anger also stemmed from the fact that from the moment I was able to learn, I was trained in all things magical. I had learned spells, potions, amulets, charms, all of it. I had grown up knowing I was a warlock. I also come from a powerful line of witches and warlocks, where as you didn't know that you were a witch until you were thirteen. Sure, you come from a powerful line of witches and warlocks as well but you didn't train and learn as long as I have. But yet you and your family were able to open the portal AND you were able to get through my magic to get back those books. I was jealous because clearly you were an exceptionally powerful witch who it seemed like didn't have to try. That it just came easy to you because you were a Cromwell.\" Kal paused as he and Marnie had made their way over the a bench in front of the Abominable Snowman I-Scream Parlor. After taking a seat and getting settled, Kal continued. \"Anyway. I was so angry and decided to use the time laying low to plot my revenge. See, my goal was always to liberate the residents of Halloweentown. It was never about me wanting to rule, like my dad. I wanted to set us free. For us to be able to leave what I thought was our prison. To be able to live among the mortal world without persecution. It wasn't until I tried to recruit others to my cause that I realized that the Cromwells weren't oppressing anyone. I was informed that the decision to move to this dimension was made as a community and not by one person. That was when I realized that my father had lied to me all my life. That he wasn't trying to liberate Halloweentown when your family destroyed him, that he was trying to take it over. During all of this, I was still keeping tabs on you and your family. You were able to accomplish what I was trying to do but in a less extreme way. That was when it finally hit me that your family were the good guys after all. I dropped my plans for revenge and admitted myself to Witches Rehab\" Marnie raised an eyebrow and Kal laughed. \"Yeah, that's a real thing. There's a place here in Halloweentown for wayward witches and warlocks. For those who realize that they have harmed others or are remorseful about past actions. I've been working hard to be a better warlock. A better individual. Now I only use my powers for good, to help the community.\" Marnie raised another eyebrow. Kal laughed again. \"Don't get me wrong, I still use my magic for fun but I'm done with the plotting, the revenge, the wickedness.\" Marnie took a deep breath once Kal was finished with his story. \"That sounds almost too good to be true.\" Kal just hung his head. It wasn't that Marnie didn't want to believe him. The Cromwells were always trying to see the best in people. Marnie had forgiven her goblin friend Luke after he had tried to help her banish Kalabar. Grandma Aggie gave Principal Flannigan a chance after he had shown remorse for his wrong doings. Marnie gave Ethan a chance after he turned against his father and tried to do the right thing. Maybe Kal was telling the truth. Marnie was hesitant because while Luke, Principal Flannigan and Ethan had all plotted against the Cromwells, they didn't go as far as Kal had. They were more like accessories to the crimes rather than being the ring leader. Marnie was afraid of it being a fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me kind of situation. Suddenly a voice interrupted Marnie's thought. \"He's telling you the truth.\" Marnie jumped a little and turned to the direction that the voice came from - which was right behind her. Her friend Luke was there. Marnie didn't know how long he was there or how much of her and Kal's conversation he had heard. \"He volunteers at the headless shelter, he tutors young witches and warlocks, he's even on the town council, always trying to make things better for all of Halloweentown.\" Luke continued, completely unaware that he had startled Marnie. He sat down beside them. \"How's it going, Kal?\" Kal replied that he was doing good. \"Wait, you've known this whole time? How long have you known?\" Marnie asked. She couldn't believe that one of her best friends had kept something so big from her. Someone who knew of her history with Kal. Luke shrugged. \"I've known since the summer before your freshman year. I had bumped into Kal at the beauty parlor. One of the technicians was unable to make it to work that day so Kal had filled in for the day. Basically doing clean up and fetching whatever was needed for the other technicians. Trust me, I had the same reaction you did. When he explained everything to me, I honestly didn't believe him. I thought he was up to no good but just like you gave me a chance to redeem myself, I decided to see if what he said was true. I checked with the witches at the Witch Rehab Center. They have corroborated his story. I went to Astrid to see if she could help me investigate and everything we turned up just further backed Kal's story. As for why I didn't tell you, I thought it was better coming from him. Once he knew you had moved to Halloweentown to attend University, he did his best to stay out of your way. I remember this one time, Kal was picking up some groceries for an elderly witch when he saw you and Aneesa walking his way so he made a made dash the other way. I figured you would freak if you knew Kal was back before knowing the whole story.\" Marnie was at a loss for words. Maybe Kal really had changed and was not fooling everyone. Maybe he sincerely regretted his actions and has been atoning for them ever since. Before Marnie could further get lost in thought again, Kal stood up. \"I really have to get going. I need to get these toys to the school before they close.\" He paused and looked at Marnie. \"It was really nice seeing you.\" As Kal started to walk away, Marnie stood. \"Hey, Kal.\" Kal stopped and turned to her. \"What are you doing on Halloween?\" After informing Marnie that he was going to be volunteering at annual Halloweentown feast in the afternoon but was free later that night, Marnie asked him something that surprised him. \"Would you like to come to my Halloween party?\" Kal just smiled and nodded. Unbeknownst to them, their entire encounter was being watched by someone in the shadows of a nearby alley. Someone who had heard every word and was already formulating a plan to get revenge on Marnie Piper and the rest of the Cromwell clan. \"This is perfect.\" The stranger commented with glee. Since Marnie had invited all of Halloweentown to her party, they would be able to slip in unnoticed and be able to exact their revenge. The figure cackled. This was going to be a halloween the Cromwells would never forget.[Chapter 4] As Marnie made her way back to her Grandmother's house, having completed all her shopping for the Halloween party, her thoughts were far from the party and were completely focused on Kal. Had he really reformed? According to Luke, whom she trusted completely, he had. But what did that mean? Was he expecting them to be friends? Did she even want to be friends? Did her family know? If they didn't, how would they take it? She had so many unanswered questions. Even if she didn't want to admit it, aloud or to herself, it was true that she was drawn to Kal, even after realizing that he was behind the gray spell and what his plans were. He was using you. He knew you were into him and he used that against you. She thought to herself. Maybe Kal wasn't even into her at all. She stopped and remembered a conversation that she and Kal had after he revealed his villainous ways. He had said that he still wanted her by his side as he ruled. She could be his queen. He wanted to teach her some of his magic. Maybe he was into me after all. She thought as the memory receded back from where it came. Or maybe he was only into me because I'm a Cromwell and our family has always produced strong witches and warlocks with each generation. She thought grimly. Marnie shook her head. She didn't even know why she was even thinking about Kal romantically this way. She was still weary on his intentions and whether or not she believed he had changed and wasn't just an act. All thoughts of Kal were suddenly forgotten when she reached the gate of their home and saw Grandma Aggie in the yard, beginning to put up some of the decorations that Marnie had zapped home. \"Grandma!\" Marnie threw open the gate and started to run toward her. Aggie had stopped what she was doing and turned toward the direction of the shout and good thing she did because Marnie almost knocked her over as she crashed a hug into her. Aggie laughed. \"I'm glad to see you too.\" She dropped the decorations in her hand and wrapped her arms around her eldest granddaughter. \"How is the future Matriarch of the Cromwells?\" She asked, placing a kiss on Marnie's head. \"Better now that you're here.\" Marnie answered. She didn't realize until that moment how much she truly missed her grandmother. She pulled back from the hug. \"Where's Sophie?\" she asked looking around. \"Ah, I we stopped by your mothers house because she demanded to see Sophie the moment we got back.\" Aggie explained. \"She and your mother will be joining us shortly.\" She gestured to the boxes around the house. \"Marvelous decorations you picked. Don't think I could have done a better job.\" \"This is your first Halloween back and I just wanted the party to be perfect.\" Marnie explained as she let go of her grandmother and bent to pick up a few decorations. She smiled slyly, \"What is it you always say? The Cromwells sure know how to party?\" Aggie chuckled. Quite right, she thought. Hours later the house was decorated inside and out. Marnie and Aggie were in the kitchen, brewing up some delectable concoctions for their guests. She was standing at the cauldron, reading the instructions in the potion book when she remembered Kal. \"Grandma?\" Marnie asked, getting her grandmother's attention. Aggie looked up from her potion. \"Do you believe that people can change, like honestly change?\" Aggie thought for a moment, trying to choose the right words. \"Yes, I do believe people can change. Whether it be good or bad. I think it depends solely on their experiences. You can have someone who is a genuinely good person, tries to do for others but run into a string of bad luck. That might cause them to think more about themselves than of others. Or someone could lose everything they have and while they may have been an upstanding citizen, that experience could cause them to become more greedy.\" \"Okay, but do you think someone who may not have had the best of intentions, someone who may have been wicked, do you think they could realize the error of their ways and change for the better?\" Again, Aggie paused. \"I do. Your best friend is a prime example. Luke was lost. He didn't make the best decisions. He did things that some would consider villainous. But he realized the error of his ways and has since atoned for that. I don't believe it's ever too late to change who you are. Someone could be wicked their entire lives and in the last few years of their life, see they were horrible and make amends. What is that story Charles Dickens wrote that you love so much? The one about the greedy, despicable man who is visited by three ghosts on Christmas Eve. He was made to see the error of his ways and he changed for the better.\" \"A Christmas Carol.\" Marnie answered. Grandma Aggie was right, she realized, It's never too late to change your ways. \"Okay, but how do you truly know that people have changed? People can say they've changed and even pretend, but people can have two faces, like the Roman god Janus. They can be one way in public and be another way at home. It can seem like they've changed in public but at home, they could be plotting your demise.\" \"Oh my darling girl, you can never truly know.\" Aggie smiled, bringing wrinkles around her eyes. \"That's called trust. Sometimes it's hard to trust someone who may have wronged you in the past. You fear getting that trust broken again. But sometimes we have to take a chance on people. There's nothing wrong with being guarded, but you should never close yourself off to possibilities. You never know what you may learn from someone. If you take the time to get to know someone, only then you can know whether or not their words ring true. That's the game of life. It's all about taking risks.\" Marnie nodded and went silent for a moment, turning her attention back to the potion book but her mind was far from the contents. She took a chance on inviting Kal to the party that night. Part of her, she realized was because she didn't fully trust him and wanted to keep an eye on him. Another part because she wanted to believe what he said was true and wanted to give him another chance. A third part was because she secretly wanted to see him again. Aggie next question brought her mind trailing back, like someone pulling her through space and time by her navel. \"Is there a reason you're asking? Or should I ask, is there someone you're asking about?\" Aggie had a knowing twinkle in her eye. \"I ran into someone today that has plotted against us in the past. Someone who almost had destroyed everything.\" Marnie answered. \"This person explained they had seen the error of their ways, was wrong in their original beliefs and has spent the last several years making up for what they have done. It all sounded too good to be true. I just...have my doubts.\" Aggie smiled even harder and what came out of her mouth next even more surprising. \"Sometimes it's hard to deal with the pressure our parents place upon us. Sometimes it's even harder to differentiate what we are told to what is fact. Before your student exchange program, the residents of Halloweentown were raised to fear mortals. It was only acceptable to travel to the mortal world on Halloween because mortals would mistake us for wearing costumes. It wasn't until you showed everyone that mortals have changed and it was no longer dangerous for us to live among them, that everyone realized they were misinformed.\" She paused, mostly for dramatic effect. \"Kal has turned into a fine young man. An even finer warlock.\" Marnie's mouth dropped open. Aggie laughed. \"Kalabar raised him to think we were the bad ones. While he went about it all wrong, he believed his father's motives were right. It took everything you've done for him to realize that his father was wrong. He has used the time since to make up for his misjudgement and actions.\" \"But..\" Marnie started. Aggie continued, oblivious to the interruption. \"He first came to me and like you, I was in disbelief, doubtful. But I believe everyone deserves a second chance so I gave him one. He checked himself into the Witches Rehab Center, no one forced him. He voluntarily helped me around the house whenever needed. All of the volunteer work he does, he does it on his own accord, not because he's made to. Whether you choose to give him another chance or not is at your own discretion but he spoke the truth with everything he's told you.\" They were interrupted briefly when a bouquet of roses materialized on the counter with a note Thanks for the party invite. Looking forward to seeing you tonight. Kal. Marnie finished reading the card aloud and swore that her grandmother was smiling harder than she ever had before. \"Wonderful!\" Aggie exclaimed. She clapped her hands together. \"Come, we've got much more do to to be ready for tonight.\" ","Summary":" Okay, So if you couldn't tell by my stories so far (if you haven't seen my other work, check it out"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"On the Edge","Author":"Teacup Countess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13237751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- I present to you something happier. On the Edge featuring the Cutting Edge Appliances. 1- High Score (The Computer) \"Dang it!\" Rob shrieked. \"Computer won again.\" He left the living room. Digit, the computer, woke up. Buttons, an orange phone, walked up to him. \"Why don't you go easy on him next time?\" Digit just smiled. \"Easy on him? I love his reactions.\" \"Well, you're not earning yourself any popularity points with Young Master.\" Buttons walked off. Go easy on him. Go easy on him. The words echoed in Digit's mind. How could he go easy? When one has the game literally written into their code, how could they not win every single time? \"Feeling down?\" an electronic voice asked. \"Buttons wants me to let Young Master win a few games.\" Digit looked up at the entertainment center. He called himself Clarence. \"Well, what's stopping you?\" \"What's stopping me?\" Digit asked, echoing the larger machine's words. \"Looks like you need a little convincin'?\" A southern accented voice said. Toni, the toaster oven walked in. \"Come in the kitchen and you'll see why.\" Digit followed Toni into the kitchen. Rob's calculus textbook was open on the kitchen table. Digit climbed up the chair and got a good look. \"The big test is next week.\" Toni told him. Digit slowly raised the textbook to eye level. He could make out what the problems said, but it would be more difficult for a human. \"Now d'ya see?\" Toni asked. \"Well, It takes a while for our human friends to obtain knowledge, but it's easy for computers.\" Digit replied. \"I think I'll lower the difficulty a bit.\" A few hours later, Rob finished his homework. He approached Digit and opened the \"Ping\" program. Digit braced himself. Let him win. Let him win. That phrase repeated itself in his mind. Every press of the key was a struggle. \"Just one game, Just one game.\" Digit repeated. The score was tied. 5 to 5. One more point and the victor would be determined. The little pixel square was headed for Digit's side of the virtual court. One tap to the north and Rob earned one more point. \"Yes!\" Rob shrieked. \"I won!\" He exited the \"Ping\" program, leaving Digit alone. \"Was that so bad?\" Buttons asked. \"It wasn't.\" Digit admitted. \"To be honest, it felt good to see him smile.\" Why I named them What I did Digit- Short for Digital. Buttons- Just some random name. Clarence- Again, another random name. Toni- It just stuck.[Chapter 2] A/N- This was originally going to be the first chapter, but I couldn't think of any interesting ideas. 2- Good and Clean (The Vacuum) \"Vincent! Vincent!\" Victor shouted. He dragged his brother (A vacuum canister) towards a pile of crumbs. \"Look at this mess.\" Vance groaned. \"Why are you so happy about a mess?\" Victor turned to his brother. \"I get to eat it!\" Victor ran his \"mouth\" over the crumbs, sucking them up. \"And I'm the one left paying for it.\" \"Oh, relax, bro!\" Victor chuckled. The brothers moved to the next room. A pink sewing machine caught their eye. \"Ooh, Sonya, would you look at that?\" One part of the machine asked. \"And such an eye-catching color,\" Sonya, the needle part replied. \"Our old vacuum cleaner was so drab.\" \"Grey is an ugly color, lime green is better,\" Sophie replied. Compliments? And they have just been bought a few days ago. Victor and Vincent drew closer. \"Oh, hello, ladies,\" Victor began. Vincent just stared. \"How do you do?\" Sonya and Sophie said in unison. Vincent yanked on his brother's hose. \"Victor, this is no time to flirt with anyone. We have to make sure the apartment's clean.\" \"Oh, sorry!\" Victor said. \"Talk to you later!\" Once out of the room, Vincent glared at his brother. \"No need to be so grumpy about it.\" Victor said. \"We need to get along with the others.\" Vincent gestured to the clock. \"Master and Mistress will be home from work in thirty minutes. We have one more room to clean.\" \"All right,\" Victor groaned. They wheeled away to the living room. Just this one room, Victor thought. Then we can socialize. Vacuuming up clumps of dust, hair and discarded fingernails made Victor want to hurl. He reminded himself that a vacuum's duty was to clean up unpleasant things. The table lamp, a purple pear-shaped thing calling himself Plugsy, watched the whole scene. He nudged Clarence with his plug. \"You never told me about the new guy?\" \"I was sleeping when they brought him in,\" Clarence replied. Victor and Vincent finished cleaning the carpet. They moved to the edge of the living room. \"Now, was that so bad?\" Vincent asked. \"I'm not the one who has to taste everything,\" Victor retorted. A man and a woman entered the apartment. The woman looked at the carpet. \"Steven,\" she asked her husband. \"Why is the apartment always spotless when we come home?\" Steven shrugged. \"I don't know, Betty. We don't have a maid or anything.\" They walked past Victor and Vincent, who had stowed themselves away in a closet. \"If only they knew.\" Note- Steven and Betty are my names for Rob's parents. Why I named them What I Did. Victor and Vincent- The green canister vacuum. Two faces, I think they're twins. Sophie and Sonya- The first syllable of their names sounds like Sew.[Chapter 3] 3- Welcoming Committee (The Living Room Lamp) \"Luc, you gotta see this,\" Plugsy said. He nudged the living room lamp with his plug. \"Is there someone new in the apartment?\" He asked. \"You have no idea,\" Plugsy replied. The two lamps made their way to a boombox, sitting on the couch. Luc got a closer look. \"It's one of those Japanese goods.\" The boombox came to life. His voice was an electronic Japanese accent. \"Excuse me, but you're a bit too close.\" Luc backed off. \"I'm sorry.\" The boombox shook. \"So, this is my new home?\" He looked around the room. Plugsy walked forward. \"Give him space.\" Luc said, pushing the table lamp away. \"What is your name?\" Luc asked. \"My name?\" The boombox scratched his \"head\" with his plug. \"I haven't thought of that.\" He paused. \"You may call me Ongaku-san.\" Plugsy turned his attention to Luc. \"Why not give our friend a tour of the place?\" Luc hopped away, Ongaku-san followed close behind. \"You've already seen the living room.\" He gestured to the entertainment center. \"This is Clarence.\" Then, he pointed at the phone \"And that's Buttons.\" \"Digit is over there in the corner.\" The two made it to the kitchen. \"Maxine.\" The mixer. \"Melanger.\" The food processor. \"Toni.\" The Toaster Oven. A storage closet was the next destination. \"Victor and Vincent.\" \"Who appointed him a tour guide?\" Vincent asked. \"He did.\" Victor replied. \"And these are Sophie and Sonya.\" Luc said. The two began their return to the living room. Sophie and Sonya came to life. \"Did you see the brand on him?\" Sophie asked. \"I've never seen that one before.\" Sonya replied. Ongaku-san climbed back on the couch. \"Make sure you stay put when Master, Mistress and Young Master are home.\" Luc warned. The boombox nodded. Luc returned to his spot behind Digit and Buttons. \"Showing the New Guy around?\" Digit asked. Luc nodded. \"He'll be a great addition to this house.\" \"What does a teenager need with a state-of-the-art boombox?\" Buttons asked. Digit raised one plug. \"Oh, the usual.\" Why I named them What I Did. Ongaku-San- Japanese for Music and the honorific san. Luc- Sounds like Lux, Latin for light. Melanger- French for To Mix. Maxine- Just some Random Name.[Chapter 4] 4- Top 40 (The Boombox) Ongaku-san sat in Young Master's room, beside a collection of tapes. Young Master walked in, carrying a blank tape. He set it on his desk before leaving. The boombox shook, instantly coming to life. He approached the blank tape and examined it. Luc strolled over. \"Wondering what that is?\" \"It's curious.\" Ongaku-san said. Luc took a close look at the tape. \"It's a blank tape.\" \"Is he going to record something?\" the boombox asked. Luc quickly looked behind him. Young Master was returning. Luc darted back down the hall, while Ongaku-san returned to his place. Young Master opened the tape, put a label on it and wrote, \"For Chris.\" He walked back towards the kitchen. Ongaku-san took the cassette tape and examined it. Luc returned. \"For Chris.\" he read. \"Is Young Master in love?\" Ongaku-san set the tape down. \"Perhaps.\" Later that same night, Young Master sat in his room. Ongaku-san had the blank tape in his \"mouth\". The radio was on to a pop station. \"And here's the latest from Claudia Lopez,\" the announcer said. Young Master pressed record. A bright, happy Latin dance tune filled the air. If there was no rule against moving in the presence of humans, Ongaku-san thought he might enjoy the rhythm. The song ended and the record button was pressed again. Young Master removed the tape from Ongaku-san and stuffed it in his backpack. \"She's going to love it.\" He left for dinner. Ongaku-san shook, smiling. It was the next day. Master, Mistress and Young Master were at work/school. The appliances had the house to themselves. Ongaku-san sat on the couch, talking with the others. \"And then, he hit record when that one song came on.\" he explained. Toni stepped forward. \"He's been thinkin' bout that Vazquez girl a lot.\" \"Our Young Master has a crush!\" Melanger chuckled. \"Oh, he's getting so big,\" One of the sewing machine parts gushed. Ongaku-san shrunk back. \"Does this mean...\" \"You might have helped earn Young Master a date?\" Digit asked. \"It depends. Does she appreciate the gesture?\" \"Wait and See,\" Buttons replied.[Chapter 5] 5- On Call (The Phone) Buttons shook. Receiving a call always startled her. Mistress walked over and picked up her receiver. \"Hello?\" The other appliances drew back, worried that Mistress might turn around and spot them. \"Rob's in his room. I'll go get him.\" Mistress covered one end of Buttons' receiver. \"Rob.\" She called out. Rob walked down the hall and his mother handed him the receiver. \"Hello?\" He asked. \"Oh, Chris. How are you doing?\" Digit ducked behind a couch. \"Buttons is quite popular in this house.\" He told Ongaku-san. \"But I get the feeling she's going to be busy for a while.\" \"What do you mean?\" the boombox whispered. \"Really? You will?\" Rob asked. \"Okay, see you at school tomorrow. Bye.\" He hung up. Mistress walked to the kitchen. Buttons paused to regain her composure. \"Buttons, are you all right?\" Digit asked. \"What's this about Prom?\" she asked, still a little stunned. \"Young Master and his lady friend were talking about that for ages.\" The other appliances shrugged. \"Some human thing,\" Plugsy admitted. Buttons convulsed once more. The other appliances returned to their spots. Rob ran to get the phone. \"Hello? Oh, hi, Chris.\" Plugsy peeked around the corner. \"Yes. You can use my mom's sewing machine.\" Sophie and Sonya had their eyes focused on the phone conversation, smiling widely. The conversation ended there. The family had to run errands. \"Oh, I thought we'd be locked in that back room without being used!\" Sophie beamed. \"Just think! Chris'll be the best-looking girl in the whole prom!\" Sonya replied. \"The sewing machine is happy,\" Digit uttered. \"But what about you?\" Buttons shrunk back. She hated being put on the spot. \"I'm just a way to communicate, Digit. I didn't play a part.\"[Chapter 6] A/N- Out of all the Cutting Edge Appliances, the sewing machine is the one I had the most fun writing dialogue for. 6- Stitching Time (The Sewing Machine) \"Psst, Plugsy,\" Clarence said. \"I've never seen Sophie and Sonya so excited.\" \"I've noticed.\" the purple lamp replied. Sophie and Sonya sat in their spot, shaking in anticipation. They have been smiling since the call. Today was the day Chris was coming over. Sophie caught herself looking out the window every so often. \"Is she here yet?\" Sonya asked. \"No, sorry.\" \"I haven't been this anxious since Young Master was in the eighth grade play.\" \"Me too, Sonya, me too.\" Sophie looked out the window one last time to see a car pull into the parking lot. \"Quiet! She's here.\" The sewing machine returned to inactivity. Chris strolled inside, carrying a red dress. After threading the needle, she set to work. \"Just keep working.\" Sonya thought. \"My, this is a very pretty dress. I wonder if Sophie can see it.\" The needle went in an out of the fabric, bringing two parts of the dress together. Sophie just sat there. Occasionally, when she thought Chris wasn't looking, she sneaked a look at the dress. \"Young Master's lady friend's gonna look lovely.\" Chris finished the job and removed the thread. After packing up her things, she left. Sophie and Sonya exchanged glances. \"About time we get used.\" Sonya began. \"Are we that forgettable?\" Sophie added. \"Does anyone forget about the big pink sewing machine?\" \"Wait, Mistress used us to mend a dress shirt a few days ago.\" \"Sorry. I'm a little forgetful.\" \"Wow, ladies,\" Plugsy said. He entered the room. \"How does it feel to make something fashionable?\" Both Sophie and Sonya laughed. \"Oh, I wouldn't consider it runway material.\" \"But I do admit it looks nice.\" \"Were those sequins?\" \"And a big faux-flower on the bodice?\" \"She's going to be beautiful.\"[Chapter 7] 7- Worth a Thousand Words (The Entertainment Center) \"Our Young Master enjoyed his time with the girl he loves,\" Clarence began. \"So, where's his parents?\" Plugsy asked. \"Getting some photos developed. Young Master wishes to immortalize his memories.\" Digit replied. The sewing machine gasped. \"Pictures?\" Both sides said in unison. \"Wait, young master went to a dance?\" Victor asked. \"How come we didn't know?\" Vincent asked. \"We don't get out much, except to clean.\" Victor replied. Luc looked out the window. \"Oh, no, they're back. Everyone back to your spot!\" The apartment was a mad scramble as the appliances returned to where they belonged. Rob walked through the front door, holding a series of slides. \"Mom, Dad, I want to show you some of the pictures I took.\" \"After dinner, Rob.\" His mother said. The family sat on the sofa as Rob loaded the slides into Clarence. The first photo was of Chris, smiling at the camera. She wore that red dress. Her hair and makeup were impeccably done. \"And here's Chris!\" Sophie and Sonya tried their hardest not to squeal in joy. The next picture showed Rob and Chris standing in front of the school. Rob was dressed in a nice suit. A red carnation was pinned to his lapel. Smiles crossed the faces of the appliances. They struggled to hide their joy. \"And here's some of the decorations.\" The smiles faded. \"I could decorate better than that!\" Luc whispered. Another picture of Rob and Chris. The smiles returned.[Chapter 8] A/N- This was originally going to be two chapters, but I decided to combine them. They had the same theme. 8- What's Cooking (The Food Processor and the Toaster Oven) Master and Mistress were away for groceries when Luc discovered something. \"Light City High Bake Sale?\" Luc read. A flyer was sitting on the coffee table. \"Toni! Melanger! Get in here.\" The food processor and the toaster oven leaped off the counter and headed for the living room. Luc showed them the flyer. \"You two will be busy. There's a bake sale at the high school.\" Melanger rested his chin on his plug. \"I wonder. What treats does Mistress want to whip up this time around?\" \"Oh, honey, this machine can take whatever is made.\" \"No matter how messy?\" Melanger asked. \"Non-stick surface, sugar!\" Toni declared. \"Anything you can throw at me, I will cook evenly.\" She paused. \"And I'm so easy to clean!\" Luc walked to the kitchen and found a recipe on the kitchen counter. He lifted it. \"Banana Muffins. Mistress is predictable, but we love her.\" He turned to Melanger and Toni, who had followed him in. \"Are you ready for war?\" The two appliances nodded. \"War is not a good analogy for this situation,\" Digit began. \"I'm using a metaphor, Digit,\" Luc said. \"I'm sorry if I cannot understand metaphors; I am more of a mathematical mind,\" Digit said, slightly laughing. The day before the bake sale arrived. Mistress was in the kitchen, making those muffins. Melanger was in charge of mixing; Toni did the actual cooking. Hours (and enough muffins to feed an army) later, Toni and Melanger were spent. Mistress went somewhere to get things to store her creations. \"Gosh, we worked hard today.\" \"Indeed,\" Melanger replied. \"The bake sale will be a hit.\"[Chapter 9] A/N- About time I finished this thing. 9- Illuminating (The Table Lamp) Plugsy sat in his place, watching Young Master fill out a college application. The lamp took one look. \"Veterinary program?\" Young Master finished the paperwork and gently slipped it into the envelope. Mistress then took him to drop off the paperwork. Clarence came to life. \"It's a shame our time with Young Master will be cut short.\" he said. Digit shook his \"head\". \"Who will I utterly crush at Ping?\" Buttons just looked at him. \"I mean, who will I play Ping with?\" \"Much better,\" Buttons replied. \"He's not accepted just yet,\" Luc replied. \"Those take time.\" Distant sniffling came from the sewing machine's room. \"He's growing up so fast!\" Sophie sobbed. \"It was only yesterday that he was playing with blocks in the living room.\" \"And now he's applying for college.\" The wait for an answer was long. Master and Mistress checked the mail frequently. The letter finally came. Young Master tore it open. He sat beside Plugsy's table. Plugsy looked over the letter. A smile crossed his face. \"He's going to college,\" He whispered. Young Master rushed to his mother, showing her the letter. \"I got in!\" He shouted. \"That's great, Rob,\" she replied. He walked over to Buttons and dialed Chris's number. \"Chris, I got in.\" A pause. \"You going to the same school too? That's great!\" And here's where the story ends. Sorry for the hiatus. I was a little burned out by daily updates. ","Summary":" A/N- I present to you something happier. On the Edge featuring the Cutting Edge Appliances. 1- High"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"The Fate of the Parts Shop","Author":"Teacup Countess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13242682","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- This is a sequel to Tales from the Parts Shop. This story will be updated more after I finish On the Edge. I'll just put the prologue here. 1- Prologue (Igor's POV) It feels like an eternity alone. Well, not exactly alone. I still have Mish-mash and Void. Mish-mash is not much for social graces and Void? Well, they are a mass of cables. A mass of cables that I believe have the souls of everyone that perished within these walls. Now, that's just a theory of mine. I'm just a lamp. How can I have a soul? Do machines like me even have souls? Master has the place up for sale, but no one has bought it. I'm starting to gather dust. I look at the box that Mish-mash had made into a makeshift coffin. It's sealed quite tightly. Void must've sealed it. Oh, well. Guess I'll go into stand-by until something happens. It's the only way I kept sane in solitude. Void and Mish-Mash have chosen to go into stand-by. I rarely hear Void rustling overhead. All I have to do now is wait.[Chapter 2] 2- In for Repairs Chris and Rob were driving off to college. An ad came on the Radio. Is your refrigerator on its last legs? Does your fan not cool as much? Then come to Mr. Fixit's shop. Chris gasped. \"Rob, this is my dad's shop.\" \"Your dad repairs appliances?\" Rob asked. \"It's a funny story,\" Chris replied. \"When I was little, I used to have this crazy dream. My appliances had a life of their own. They would talk, run around the house, and even sometimes clean the place.\" The five appliances in the backseat shook out of nervousness. \"That's not crazy. I had the same dream too.\" The five breathed a sigh of relief. Give us your broken machines and we will repair them. \"Ow! Stop Pushing!\" \"I didn't push! The truck just turned a corner!\" \"Get your plug outta my eye, you box of sawdust!\" \"Who are you callin' box of sawdust, glass-face?\" The former residents of the Parts shop sat in the back of a truck. Destination unknown. Apparently, someone picked them up off the roadside. Another corner sent the unsecured load shifting to another side. Fantine and Cornelia made the decision to hide inside Fridge. This way, they wouldn't run the risk of colliding with others. Fantine opened Fridge's door and looked out. \"Are you guys okay?\" Wattson scoffed. \"We're not okay! I just hit the wall five times.\" Cornelia shook her head. \"And what's this about keeping our plugs to ourselves?\" Loretta stepped forward. \"Too late to tell them about it. Artie and Sharpe got into a slap fight five red lights ago.\" \"He started it!\" Both appliances screamed, pointing their plugs at each other. Fantine and Cornelia looked at each other, then shut the fridge door. The truck tires left the highway and got onto a dirt road. A burly Hispanic man opened the back of the truck and proceeded to unload everything. Wattson looked over the man's shoulder. \"Mr. Vazquez's repair shop\". Once everyone was inside, Wattson finally spoke up. \"We're in a repair shop. We're gonna get fixed.\" Artie groaned. \"No one can fix me. I'm worthless.\" The repairman entered the work area. A nametag on his shirt read \"Rodrigo Vazquez.\" \"Where'd you find these guys?\" Rodrigo asked. \"They look horrible.\" One of the men shrugged. \"Outside St. Peters'.\" \"The scam artist?\" Rodrigo asked. \"The guy who sells old busted appliance parts as new?\" A nod. Rodrigo gestured to Artie. \"Well, I guess it's my duty to make sure these are even workable.\" Or you could buy one of our wide selection of refurbished appliances. We made sure that they're in working order. Why I Named them What I did Fridge- They're just Fridge. Nothing Fancy[Chapter 3] A/N- Intro Over! Now time for the main event. 3- Antique and Unique (Velma and Loretta) Rodrigo's employees took Velma and Loretta off the shelf. Loretta took one last look at her friends. They all waved goodbye. Velma was the first one under Rodrigo's attention. Rodrigo ran his fingers over the gash in Velma's horn. \"This model went out of style before the second world war. Don't think I can find another horn like this.\" He paused. \"Unless.\" He pulled out a sheet of metal and formed it into a cylinder shape. \"I can improvise.\" Velma felt the top half of her horn getting sawed off. Velma just gritted her teeth. This was nothing compared to what she went through in St. Peters'. The metal sheet was soldered on. Rodrigo then flared the edge a bit. Rodrigo waited for the metal to cool before beginning the next part: Testing. He lowed Velma's needle onto the record. Creepy organ music filled the air. His two workmen shivered. \"St. Peters has a sick sense of humor.\" He removed the needle and the record. \"It works. Put it up for sale.\" \"Yes, sir,\" One of the workmen said. He took Velma off the table. She looked back to see her friends smiling. Loretta was the next to be fixed. The repairman's hands opened her up and gave her insides a good look. Decibel looked away. \"This is the end for us. We're all going to be separated.\" Tears welled up in Fantine's eyes. \"But... but...\" Cornelia shuffled over to Fantine's side. \"We'll still have memories of our time together.\" Then came the testing phase. Rodrigo fished out a test reel and loaded it into Loretta. \"Daniel, Daniel,\" a British female voice said. \"I cannot be with you.\" \"Jessamine, my love,\" Daniel replied. \"What is it?\" \"I... I...\" The tape ended there. Loretta's eyes twitched. She remembered this recording. \"Lady of Peachtree Estate\" Episode 15. After the tape was removed, Rodrigo turned to his men. \"It works. Put it up for sale.\" Loretta was lifted off the table and moved to the storefront. Velma opened her eyes. Loretta sat beside her on the shelf. A small gathering of humans pulled into the parking lot. \"Customers,\" Velma uttered. The phonograph and the tape player went into stand-by. The customers entered the storefront. A gray-haired man in a worn coat shuffled over to Loretta. He motioned to his companion. \"Hey, this looks familiar.\" Phil Davis and Edward Marshall stood in front of the shelf. The two hosts of Light City's own radio shows. Edward checked Loretta's price tag. \"We can afford this.\" He picked up Loretta and took her to the counter. Velma shrunk back. Would anyone come for her? She glanced at the replacement for her damaged horn. Will anyone notice it? The two men left the store, Loretta in tow. A man approached Velma. He eyed the sign above the shelf. \"All of these appliances work,\" he read. He glanced at the price tag on Velma, then thumbed through his wallet. He motioned to his wife. \"Flo, do you think this'll fit?\" Flo walked over. \"Bill, a cheap phonograph's a godsend. They'll love it.\" Museum? Velma wondered. She felt Bill's hands gently lift her base off the shelf and carry her to the counter. Scanned, then paid for. Bill and Flo left the shop. Velma was placed inside a cardboard box. Loretta found herself sitting atop a fireplace. Phil and Edward were talking to some man in a suit. \"You bought a reel player?\" the man in the suit asked. \"Mr. Cooper,\" Edward said. \"This is a throwback to House of Horrors' radio days.\" \"Radio days,\" Mr. Cooper said, raising an eyebrow. He looked at his paperwork. \"Oh, I must've skimmed over that.\" What were they talking about? Phil looked nervous. \"Very well, the reel player can stay,\" Mr. Cooper said. \"I would like to thank you for giving my crew the rights for a TV series. House of Horrors will reach a wider audience now.\" Loretta smiled. \"This old girl's got a lot more life in her.\" Velma remembered this house. It was her house decades earlier. Flo and Bill picked up the cardboard box and carried it inside. Velma struggled to get a good look. The place had been turned into a bed-and-breakfast. She found herself headed for the ballroom. Workmen were busy repainting the walls an amber color. Velma was taken out of her box and placed on a table. \"I'm home.\" She uttered. \"I'm where I'm supposed to be.\" Ahead was the table Mistress used to set refreshments on. The workmen had placed their tools there. Bill and Flo left the ballroom, discussing matters. \"When does the place open?\" Flo asked. \"In a few weeks, once the paint dries and the inspectors come in,\" Bill replied. Velma smiled, silently wondering if her record collection still existed.[Chapter 4] 4- Screened (Artie) Artie stared into the distance. Rodrigo entered the work area and picked him up. \"Just throw me away.\" Artie thought. \"Throw me away and end my misery.\" Artie found himself on the work table. Rodrigo took a spool of wire. \"Missing a few wires back there, aren't you?\" Artie couldn't respond. When a human talks to an appliance, it shouldn't talk back. He felt a few new wires get placed within him. \"And now, what should I do with the broken screen.\" Pliers ripped out the shards of glass. Artie was now essentially toothless. Rodrigo took out the tape measure and measured something. A second, more broken TV got placed beside Artie. He sneaked a look. This one's screen was intact and the same size as his. Rodrigo began removing the screen and placing it within Artie. A perfect fit. Artie thought. I have a chance. The repairman fit Artie's plug into the socket. Static covered his screen, but a twist of the knob revealed a picture. The evening news was on. Rodrigo turned to his two employees. \"Tomorrow, put this one up for sale.\" Artie was unplugged. After everyone left, Artie just sat there on the table. His friends got off the shelf and rushed towards him. \"Hey, Glass-face, you look different!\" Sharpe said. \"Is it the new screen?\" Artie's new mouth was the static image. \"Well, excuse me, Mr. Sawdust, but I like my new screen.\" Sharpe raised an eyebrow. \"Weren't you the one begging to be thrown in the trash like an hour ago?\" Artie looked away. \"Was I?\" \"You look great!\" Fantine said. \"I feel great too.\" The morning sun rose above the repair shop. Artie had remained in his spot. His friends were sleeping on the shelf. Rodrigo and his employees opened up the shop. The two men lifted Artie off the work table and put him on the storefront shelf. A group of college kids walked into the store. One of them spotted Artie sitting on the shelf. \"Dude, this looks like something I had in my old dorm room.\" Artie struggled to stay in stand-by, but this guy sounded like his old master. \"I thought you threw it into the river,\" another guy said. \"It's probably the same model.\" The first kid looked at his friend group. \"Tony, promise you won't destroy it?\" \"Jeff, I'm on meds. The doctor said it's under control.\" Jeff picked up the TV and walked to the counter. Artie opened his eyes as he was in the parking lot. This was the same truck that drove him to the river. He was surprised that Jeff hadn't cleaned up at all. He really is my old master. Artie thought. Artie was then carried into a dorm room and hooked up. He lowered his gaze to a small grey box. \"About time something like you showed up.\" It, or should I say, she said. \"I can't work without you.\" Artie froze. Was this some kind of new technology? \"I know, I know, you haven't seen anything like me around.\" she said. Her voice was heavily synthesized. \"I'm Nin. Just Nin.\" She extended one of her controllers; Artie extended his plug. They shook. \"My, aren't you a sight for sore eyes,\" the tall lamp said. Lola came walking over. \"You don't look like you've had a table in your face at all.\" Artie blushed. \"I'm just thankful I'm home.\" He looked at Lola. \"You don't know what I've been through.\" \"Please, don't tell me,\" she said. \"Don't wanna reopen old wounds.\" Nin is basically an NES.[Chapter 5] A/N- There are people I'd like to thank for making ship a Reel Player and a pencil sharpener. They shall remain nameless. 5- Moving Up (Sharpe) \"I only have one wish,\" Sharpe admitted. \"To see Loretta again.\" \"Wait, he had a crush on her?\" Cornelia asked. Cassius tapped Cornelia on the shoulder. \"Did you see the way they ran out of the shop, plug in plug?\" \"So romantic!\" Fantine snickered. Sharpe felt himself turn red. \"Cut it out.\" \"Okay, lover boy,\" Fantine said. \"Ahem.\" \"Okay, I'll quit.\" Rodrigo's men approached the shelf and picked Sharpe off. He was placed on the work table. \"Let's see what's inside this one.\" Rodrigo removed Sharpe's lower jaw and emptied it into the trash can. Sharpe felt his plastic shell open, revealing the mechanisms within. \"It needs a gear.\" He opened a drawer and pulled out a box of tiny gears. He tested each of them before finding one to match. The gear was secured in place. Rodrigo sealed Sharpe up before pulling out a fresh pencil. He sank it into the hole in Sharpe's face. Sharpe grated the pencil into a neat point. \"This one works.\" Sharpe was lifted off the work table and carried to the storefront. Sharpe stared at the parking lot through the window. A handful of customers were filing in. A man in a suit approached the \"Refurbished\" shelf. He examined Sharpe, then took him to the counter. After paying, he left. Sharpe found himself in the passenger seat of a nice car. He looked behind him. Folders full of paper lay neatly in the back seat. Was his new master a writer? The car pulled away from the repair shop and headed deep into the city. The man parked at a large building. Sharpe was picked up off the seat and carried in. \"Good afternoon, Mr. Smith.\" A grey-haired man said. \"I assume you've got something.\" Mr. Smith set Sharpe on a chair before darting back to his car. He came back with the folders. \"Yes! You said you wanted a script writer for the new House of Horrors series?\" The man thumbed through the scripts. \"Hmm, interesting. I'll pass these on to my superiors.\" Mr. Smith picked Sharpe up and walked down the hall. He put Sharpe on his desk. \"Oh, gotta go! Closing time.\" He dashed out of his office. Once the humans had left, Sharpe climbed off the desk and scampered down the hall. A pair of film cameras spotted him. \"Oh. My. God.\" One of them said. Her voice had the valley girl twang. \"Look at this cute thing.\" She gestured toward Sharpe. \"Cam,\" her companion droned. \"One of the office guys must've brought him in.\" \"But still!\" Cam said. \"Welcome to Hertz Studios!\" Sharpe stared at the two cameras. \"Uh...\" \"He's not a big fan of TV.\" Era said. \"What? You don't know that Light City's got its own studio?\" Cam asked. Sharpe swallowed. \"I originally worked in a school.\" He walked off, headed down the hall. He came into a room decorated with animal heads. The fireplace was empty. A reel player sat atop the mantle. He climbed up on one of the old-fashioned chairs to get a better look. \"Hey,\" The reel player called out. She noticed Sharpe. \"Do I know you from somewhere?\" That voice was unmistakable. \"Loretta?\" \"Sharpe?\" The reel player asked. Sharpe nodded. \"Fancy seeing you around here.\" Loretta got off the mantle. \"What brings you to the studio?\" Sharpe thought. \"Someone who works in an office bought me?\" \"Oh, one of the writers, or prospective writers, got you.\" Sharpe nodded. \"How'd you...\" \"I may not be able to move when humans are in sight, but I can still hear 'em.\" She raised one of her cords to her mouth and laughed. \"You're going to love it here. I do.\"[Chapter 6] A/N- This time, it's not just a cameo of one of the main five. A full on appearance. With dialogue. 6- Just the Right Size (Fantine) Fantine hopped around on the shelf. Each day one of her friends would be taken to the repair table. She froze once she spotted the workmen approach. They picked her off the shelf and carried her to the table. The workmen left the room. Lunch break. Cornelia and Cassius left the shelf and made their way to Fantine. \"So, I'm next?\" Fantine asked. \"It seems like it,\" Cassius replied. \"Well, it was nice knowing you.\" Cornelia said. Rodrigo entered the workroom. Cassius and Cornelia climbed up back onto the shelf. He placed something down on the work table. A covering for her blades. Like the one that was taken from her. Rodrigo fit the covering over her blades and screwed it in. He then fit Fantine's plug into the outlet and turned her on. Cold air blew in his face. \"This works.\" he said. The workmen picked Fantine up and carried her into the storefront. Fantine couldn't see anything. Her back was to the window. People walked in and browsed the refurbished goods. Hands wrapped around her \"neck\" and pulled her off the shelf. A girl with purple-dyed hair dressed in all black examined Fantine. \"Hey, little bro!\" she said. \"Didn't you have a fan like this?\" Her brother, a clean-cut blond, looked at the fan. \"Uh, yeah, I did.\" \"I'll buy it.\" the girl said. She took Fantine to the counter. Scanned, Paid, and out into the backseat of a black car. Fantine glanced at the appliance in the seat beside her. A table lamp thumbed through a horror novel. He set the book down once the girl came back to the car. She and her brother drove off. The siblings made a stop at home. The table lamp picked up his book. \"Good thing Mistress doesn't notice me reading her book. This is so interesting.\" Fantine shuddered. \"And you are?\" \"Call me Lucien,\" the lamp replied. He turned the page with his plug. Fantine stared at the cover. Why did one of the images on the cover look like her? \"Interested?\" Lucien asked. Fantine nodded. \"This one's a real page-turner. Synthetic Specters by Elmo St. Peters!\" Fantine drew back. That name! Lucien lowered his book. \"You seem frightened.\" Fantine took a deep breath. \"I'll tell you later.\" She paused. \"I'm Fantine.\" \"Fantine, what a lovely name.\" Lucien replied. The girl was the only one to return to the car. Fantine looked out the window. Wait a minute. This used to be her house. \"Did I forget to mention we're headed to college? Hope's planning to take her theater experience to new heights.\" Hope put the key into the ignition and drove off. Fantine sat on a desk in her dorm room. Lucien took the moment to finish reading Synthetic Specters. Once he was done, he neatly placed the book on Hope's desk. Fantine took a second look at the cover. Not only was she on the cover, but what looked like Igor and Cassius. Did the whole experience make Elmo write a horror novel? Or was it something he had been doing for years? Fantine guessed it was option 2. A golden gooseneck lamp hopped down the hall. Fantine narrowed her eyes. Something about him looked familiar. The dorm room appliances loved it when everyone was at class. It gave them ample time to socialize. Fantine hopped off the desk and rushed to the growing crowd. She found herself standing next to the golden lamp. \"Do I know you from somewhere?\" she asked. \"Oh, the Parts Shop?\" he said. \"I forgot to thank Mr. Lorre for the bulb.\" Fantine just stared at him. \"Well, that's what Radio calls him.\" Fantine thought hard. Radio. Radio. Was he red, loud and almost got his tubes ripped out? \"I think I know Radio,\" she said.[Chapter 7] A/N- Toaster will be referred to as female in this story. 7- Summer Days (Decibel) It was Decibel's turn on the repair table. He sat on the table, awaiting Rodrigo. The repairman entered, carrying a box of parts. He set them beside Decibel before setting to work. Decibel's shell opened, revealing his innards. \"Did someone drop this in a pool or something?\" He removed a few of Decibel's damaged parts and put the fresh ones in. Decibel was then sealed up. The megaphone found himself sitting on the shelf. A recently refurbished vacuum cleaner got sold, then an old boombox. \"Will anyone come for me?\" Decibel asked. He stared out into the parking lot. A man stepped into the store. He approached the shelf. \"Well, another accident cost Todd his megaphone,\" he said. Decibel glanced at the man. His old Master's boss. \"And this one's cheap. I'll get it.\" The man took Decibel to the counter. He paid with his credit card. Decibel found himself in a box in the trunk. Did this mean he was going back to the pool? Would there be any precautions to avoid getting dunked into the deep end? He hoped so. The car drove off. Decibel was lifted out of the trunk. This was the pool, all right. It hadn't changed much since he left. The man carried him inside. Todd sat in the lobby, sipping on soda. \"Oh, hey boss.\" \"Todd, after two megaphones in the deep end, we need to make some changes,\" the man said. He handed Decibel to Todd. \"We'll install a holder to make sure an accident doesn't happen again. Technology isn't cheap, you know.\" Todd smiled. \"Thanks, boss.\" Lampy hopped back to his dorm room, smiling. \"So, how'd it go? Meet anyone new?\" Toaster asked. The lamp smiled. \"Oh, the microwave three doors down's nice. Ooh, and there's an electric guitar across the hall.\" Kirby furrowed his brow. \"Is that who makes all the racket?\" Radio twitched. \"Might want to meet the guy. He sounds like he knows how to have a good time.\" \"She's a girl,\" Lampy corrected. \"Oh, sorry. Tell her I'd like to meet her.\" \"And the lizard fan's in here!\" Blanky curled up into a ball. Toaster looked at the electric blanket, then at Lampy. \"Did you have to bring that up?\" she exclaimed. She got off the desk to comfort Blanky. Radio adjusted his antenna. \"Lizard fan, eh?\" \"She's actually nice and... repaired.\" He hopped back on the desk. \"I'll introduce you to her tonight.\" Kirby huffed. \"I'll keep an eye on you two.\"[Chapter 8] 8- Where He Belongs (Wattson) Wattson swallowed hard. It was his turn. He sat on the table right beside a box full of lampshades. Rodrigo had left for Lunch. \"No!\" Wattson shrieked, throwing a lampshade on the floor. \"No!\" Another lampshade joined it. \"What's his deal?\" Cornelia asked. Wattson heard her. \"I want my new shade to be perfect!\" He tossed another lampshade. \"Is it my fault that these don't compliment me?\" \"And I thought I was dramatic!\" Cafe chuckled. Wattson ignored him and returned to his work. Three more lampshades landed on the floor. \"You know he's going to have to clean up your mess,\" Batter said. Wattson groaned before digging out the last shade. His eyes lit up. \"This is it! My perfect shade!\" Cornelia and Batter leaped off the shelf. Cornelia took the now-empty box and put it on the ground. The two appliances proceeded to put everything back in the box. Wattson didn't mind. He just sat on the table admiring his chosen shade. Cornelia managed to slide the box back on the table minutes before Rodrigo walked back in. \"Did I put this shade here?\" he asked himself. \"I must've.\" He took the shade and proceeded to fit it on Wattson. Once the shade was on, Rodrigo plugged him in. Wattson shone as bright as ever. \"This works.\" The moment of truth. Wattson thought. Someone had to pick him up. One record player and a couple toasters wound up leaving. An old woman with cat-eye glasses walked over. She picked up Wattson and took him to the counter. Her perfume reminded Wattson of something familiar. The librarian. After being paid for, Wattson found himself in the back seat. \"I wonder what the new library even looks like.\" he thought. The car pulled out of the parking lot. They pulled up to a large brick building. A sign in the front lawn read. \"Light City Public Library.\" The Librarian carried Wattson in. She headed for the back room. Shelf after shelf of books. All of his old favorites were there. Lord of the Rings, the works of Robert Louis Stevenson, among others. Brightly scampered into the backroom. \"Where'd you go? You were gone for years.\" \"I was?\" Wattson asked, scratching his head. He looked at the calendar. Brightly was right. \"Dash it all.\" Kirby gritted his teeth. Why on earth did he decide to chaperone Radio and Lampy? Oh, for his own sanity, and their safety. The old vacuum trudged (or the vacuum equivalent) down the hall to the dorm lobby, roughly three feet behind his companions. A crowd of other appliances gathered. The lizard fan hopped over. \"Oh, hi, Lampy.\" She giggled. Radio backed away. \"And this must be Radio.\" \"I am, ma'am,\" he said, trying his hardest to be respectful. And just a bit terrified. Kirby just stared at her. \"Where's everyone else? The broken-toothed tape player? The bug-eyed lamp?\" \"Cassius is still at the repair shop, last time I saw him.\" She paused. \"And Igor?\" \"That's Mr. Lorre,\" Radio whispered. \"Well, he's still at St. Peters. He didn't leave.\" Lampy hopped backwards. \"He's still there?\" Fantine nodded sadly. \"He's stuck to the ceiling.\"[Chapter 9] 9- Part of a Balanced Breakfast (Batter) It was Saturday morning and Rodrigo's daughter Chris had stopped by the repair shop. Her father's employees gave her permission to enter the work shop. Rodrigo laid down his screwdriver. \"Oh, didn't see you there.\" \"Wait, the repair guy has a kid?\" Batter asked. \"Delaying the inevitable, aren't we?\" Cornelia asked. A few minutes of conversation later... \"Just wait outside,\" he said. \"I have to fix this waffle iron. Could you whip up some batter?\" \"Sure,\" Chris replied. She left the workroom. Batter was carried off the shelf and onto the table. He felt his pans get removed. \"One heating element missing, the other defective.\" A box of parts came out, with that, two fresh heating elements. The broken one was removed, the new ones quickly put in. Batter was carried out of the workroom and into another room. A fresh pitcher of batter lay on the table. He was plugged in, turned on and opened wide. Waffle batter filled his \"mouth\". Minutes later, a satisfying ding filled the air. Batter was opened up, revealing a perfectly-cooked specimen. Chris lifted the waffle onto a plate. \"Dad, can I have this?\" Rodrigo smiled. \"Of course.\" Chris carried the plate away. Batter was unplugged, then cleaned up. \"Did you see that thing I made?\" He thought. \"Gorgeous.\" He smiled as the workmen took him to the storefront. Batter still couldn't stop smiling. He worked. Someone was coming and adding him to their kitchen. He fidgeted in his spot, watching the customers enter. He stopped fidgeting once he spotted a young woman. She picked him up. \"Good, I needed a new waffle iron.\" She carried him to the counter, muttering something about her roommate's dog. Also, how glad she was that the roommate moved out. The car he was placed in looked suspicious. Fashion magazines lay on the back seat. \"My old Mistress!\" Batter thought. The car drove off. He found himself back home, sitting on the kitchen counter. \"Wow, Batter!\" The Microwave said. \"You're looking a little cleaner than usual.\" \"Did you do something with your chrome?\" a blender giggled. \"Ladies, ladies!\" Batter uttered. \"I'll tell you the tale another day.\" He sighed. \"I'm just a little worn out. All this excitement about coming home is really doing a number on me.\" Chris returned to the Dorm. She and Rob met in the cafeteria. \"Well, Dad fixed an old waffle iron today,\" she said. \"It works like a charm.\" Fantine and a few of the main five darted into Rob's room. \"Batter! Batter's better!\" Fantine squealed, trying to make sure the humans couldn't hear her. \"Was he the vampire?\" Radio asked. Fantine wrinkled her \"nose\". \"Well, he did have fangs.\" Toaster got off the desk. \"So you're the Fan Radio's been raving about.\" She approached Fantine and offered a \"hand\". Fantine grasped one of Toaster's Levers with her plug and they shook. Footsteps were heard coming down the hall. \"Gotta go. Bye!\" Fantine said. She darted down the hall towards her room. Hope took Synthetic Specters and thumbed through it. Her roommate looked over. \"Mona,\" Hope laughed. \"You gotta read this when I'm done.\" Mona raised an eyebrow. \"What's it about?\" \"A rip-off artist builds a shop on ground from an old cemetery. Ghosts infest the appliances and...\" \"Don't spoil me.\" Mona said. Fantine just stared into space. \"I heard of stretching the truth, but that's doing it until it's unrecognizable.\" ","Summary":" A/N- This is a sequel to Tales from the Parts Shop. This story will be updated more after I finish "},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Boxer Girl","Author":"E. Livingston","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7859038","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 I felt my chest burn and my throat feel dry after the 17 lap around the track. \"Don't stop Zera! Keep it coming just a few more and that's it\" I heard my brother yell. I looked up and saw him standing near the tracks holding a stop watch. I pulled ahead and finished my laps, collapsing in the grass when I was done. I panted heavily and laid on my back as I catched to catch my breath, or at least tried to. I opened my eyes and looked up into my older brother's light green eyes. \"How much time?\" I asked breathed out sitting up. \"30 minutes for a 10 yard round track. You got some good legs on you sis\" he laughed showing me the timer. \"Awesome\" I said throwing myself back to the ground. \"No,no,no none of that. Come on we have to get back to the gym and get the rest of your training done for today.\" He said pulling me up and helping me stand. \"Remember, who's got the best pair of knuckles the world's never seen\" he said. I laughed at the statement. \"You do Ray\" \"Nope, you do Z\" he said. \"Who's got the strongest heart in the world?\" \"We do\" I said placing my hand over his heart. \"Yeah, we do\" he said putting his hand over mine. \"Come on lets get back before Jerry kills us for not being on time for Matthews match\" Together we walked to the van and drove to Jerry's Boxing Central. After 4 more hours of training I hit the showers and changed in to my regular street clothes; a gray Flash t-shirt, a pair of black skinny jeans and gray Nikes. I pulled my burgundy hair in a ponytail and grabbed my leather jacket from the lockers. As soon as I stepped outside my phone began to ring. I answered it as I looked around the block looking for Ray, \"Hello?\" I answered. \"Z, look in the garage of Jerry's theirs a bike. Get over here; I had to go before hand\" Ray said apologetically. \"You left! That's cold bro\" I said hanging up and making my way back inside the gym. I made my way through a bunch of shirtless guys in the main room and passed by another group in the lounge. I made my way down a dark corridor with gray walls. At the end of it were to massive doors that had a key hole at the side of it under a doorknob. I stuck the key I always had with me in it and went inside. I looked at the bike and laughed. \"I am so not giving this back!\" I smiled getting on the sleek blue motorcycle and headed to the site that Ray sent me. I couldn't wait to see the robot boxing tournement[Chapter 2] \"Where have you been?\" Jerry scowled as I met him at the Underground, a warehouse that some dude bought for illegal boxing tournaments. \"I was in China a while ago and I got stopped by a ninja and had to have a fight 'til death\" I responded with a thick amount of sarcasm. I pulled of the helmet I wore and hopped off the bike. \"Who won?\" Ray asked as he leaned against the warehouse's wall. \"The ninja, I didn't make it\" I said walking up to him and slapping him up side the head. \"Ouch! What the hell was that for?\" he said wincing as he probed his head. \"For ditching me, don't ever do that again or I'll shoot you\" I said. \"With what gun? He challenged. \"I have my ways\" I walked in after Jerry, into the place. I past by several guys placing beats at the door and a few good looking men who were the bodyguards. We passed a guy who was rewiring his Bot. He was having trouble with his language monitor. I walked up to him and pointed at the green cable that was hanging out of the bot's neck. \"Re-wire that to the main frame and you'll be good\" I said before walking away. We headed towards the betting desk where dozen of guys and their bots were placing their bets. I looked at the board and saw something that blew my mind. \"Noisy Boy's back!\" I exclaimed jumping around. I like robo boxing, sue me. The guy placing the bets heard me and decided to work upon my excitement. \"Anybody who thinks that they can beat Noisy Boy here, I'll pay you $400 and everything that everybody bets on you.\" He said eagerly. There murmurs through out the crowd, but no went up. I looked at Ray, he read the message in my eyes and shook his head furiously. \"No, no, no, no. Z, you're an amazing but going up against a robo! Are you crazy, not even that but Noisy Boy! Dude the guy that controls Noisy is the same guy that controls Atom! Do you want to end up like Zeus?\" Ray said. \"Of course not. I'll turn out better!\" I said. I switched jacket with Ray and pulled the hoodie over my hair. I ran up on the desk next to the guy. \"Gimme a robo and I'll bust 'em\" I felt my eyes do that change color thing that they always do when I get happy. If your wondering my left eye changes color when I get happy or mad. The guy noticed and did a double take. \"Alright then, somebody get this chick a robo and let's go!\" he said shaking his head. The crowd went wild. I approached the arena and was introduced to my female looking robo, called Rumy. \"Does it have shadow box on it main frame?\" I asked the angry owner. He nodded and hooked it up. I stepped in front of and move around a bit, it copied my movements a few seconds late but perfectly. I warmed up a little bit and pulled off my jacket and let my red hair loose. I put my contacts in their case and handed them to Ray. He stared at the case and then back at me. \"You're serious about this aren't you\" he said in disbelief. \"Z, think about this for a second-\" \"No you think about this Ray, we need the money and even if we lose its not my bot and we didn't place a bet so we don't lose anything.\" I said taking off my t shirt, leaving me with my muscle shirt. \"Z, please this is Noisy Boy you're going up against. Don't get yourself in a fight you can't win!\" he pleaded. I looked at him for a moment. Ray was a perfect brother, he wasn't bad looking either, and he was actually pretty good looking with his light eyes and dark red hair. He was tall and strong, capable of protecting sisters from bullies and so on. \"Have some faith bro. Who has the best pair of knuckles in the world?\" I smiled. Ray rolled his eyes to the heaven before responding. \"You do Z\" he said. \"Nope, you do\" I smiled wider. \"Who has the strongest hearts in the world?\" he said smirking at me. \"We do\" I said. \"Now help me fix as much of Rumy as possible\" Together we fixed the messed up gears and wires. We finally got the shadow timing on point so he did everything I did perfectly and on time. \"Ladies and gentlemen!\" I heard the announcer start. I walked to my place behind the door a walk away from the arena where I was to fight. \"The moment you've been waiting for has arrived!\" the crowd roared. There was an large amount thanks to the robo comeback of Noisy Boy. \"You've watched him fall before and get back up time and time again. He has defeated the greatest and has come back from his little vacation to pay us a visit. Boys and girls make some noise for ATOM!\" he yelled. Sure enough Atom came in doing his little dance thing and hyping up the crowd. I pulled the guy placing the bets over. \"You told me I was going against Noisy, not Atom!\" I hissed. He laughed in my face; the smell of liquor spoiled breath almost killed me. \"The guy made a mistake and gave me the wrong name, sue me\" he said shrugging and walking away. \"Boys and girls let us invite the poor soul that has decided to have a death wish today.\" Said the announcer. Okay, now I'm pissed. \"Let us welcome Zero and Rumy!\" I walked to the front steps of the walk and stopped, people bombarded me with boo's and other comment that would make a sailor flinch. I know something the will shut them up, I thought. \"Gimme a mike\" I told the guy behind the sound system. I asked him to play Fast Forward to 2012 by an old band called A Day to Remember. I put the mike to my lips and sung as I walked down the walk. The crowd ate it up and by the and by the end of the walk half of the people saying boo were cheering me on.[Chapter 3] I stepped into my corner of the arena and waited for the bell to ring. When it did I simply stood in the middle of the ring, hands to the side as Atom circled me. Finally when he came at me I put my arms up and blocked his right hook. I let him hit my a few times but held my ground. I didn't move and inch away or closer. Finally I made my bot uppercut his gut and, using the same momentum, left hooked his jaw. I acted fast and quickly began landing hard blows on 'em. I kept hitting and not letting him take a break. I knew Atom was a sparring bot so it would take a while to bring 'em down. I kept moving him into the corner and giving him my all as I did. Finally I let him lose and sped quickly away to the other side of the ring. It a while for Atom to recover but when he did I couldn't help but feel a little bit regretful about joining the fight. He came at me and made me step up into the corner and keep my guard up. I wait a while, taking hard and well placed blows until I broke away and really let it all out. I jabbed furiously but well controlled. I let my blow fall hard and fast on Atom. \"Ladies and gents, I think we have a match for Atom here!\" said the announcer. I had completely forgotten he was there. Taking advantage of the fact that I was distracted, Atom ran up and pummeled, my bot's circuits got damaged a bit and the part that was receiving the shadowing. Knowing the warning that the headset that the owner had given me meant that the shadowing feature was breaking, as in it'll keep working for only a few seconds I made sure those few seconds were worth it. I estimated 10 to 20 seconds 'til the feature went down completely. I knocked Atom hard in his gut and nailed harder in the temple as he went down. Using the little momentum I had built up I quickly placed my right fist directly under his rib where his main frame should be and drove my arm upward. Then he fell, and so did I. I smiled to myself at how completely awesome that final play was, and how stupid. If it had been any other bot I would've shut down right there! Acting quick Ray and I pulled Rumy over to the corner and worked on her shadow feature. I got the quirks fixed up pretty quick and let Ray handle the rest as I took a seat. I had sweated hell throughout the match and had sweated over my shirt. It stuck against my body. \"Hold up now, the dude giving Atom a whooping is a chick!\" exclaim the announcer. He ran up to me and shoved the mic in my face, which I hate. \"Sweet cakes, you got some moves!\" he grinned. He must be new, I thought. I hid behind Ray and Rumy. \"You got it all wrong bro. I do all the fights here.\" Ray said. I don't know how but he was drenched in sweat as well. \"Z, here is just the runner girl.\" He smiled. The announcer shrugged and walked to the other side of the arena and began to ask the other team some questions. \"\"Z, seriously think before acting. You can't just let people see you out in the open like that\" Ray scowled. I waved away his concern and turned mine back to Rumy. \"Come on one more round left and I want to see if I can do it without Rumy, here falling apart.\" I said fixed some of her loose bolts and wires. I was concentrating on getting my head gear fixed when a loud argument snapped me out of my reverie. \"If you push him any more he'll break! You saw how it worked out in the end, Atom can't take another hit like that!\" said a strong but young voice. \"I know when he'll break and when he won't! And he won't break now, I've got to much riding on this to back out now!\" said an older gruff voice. I shook my head and went back to rushing through fixing Rumy. \"Alright people it's time to finish what we started. The winner of the first round, little miss Rumy!\" I had Rumy get her corner without any dramtics 'cause seriously, all I wanted at that moment was 10 burgers, a milkshake and a big queens sized bed. \"And for the first time in a long time Mr. Atom coming in last!\" Atom went up in his corner lazily as well. I guess this'll be a quick match' I thought.[Chapter 4] I really hate it when thing are wrong. I waited for the announcer to finish talking 'bout who was in the lead, their stats and how much the round was going to cost. I notice to figures behind Atom fighting. They both had their hoods up and were wearing dark clothes so it was kind of hard to tell who they were and how old they are. \"Z, you can't keep this up.\" Ray said next to me. I rolled my eyes and turned to him. Ray was nervously looking around and fidgeting, his eyes darting between the announcer and several other guys in the crowd. Most of the guys he was looking at were holding wads of money and looking at him a bit funny. The little pieces began to click together. Ray has always had a gambling problem; the problem was that he mostly lost. When he did win he'd never save the money or anything. He always went overboard and ended up with debt. \"Ray please, don't tell me lost more bets\" I pleaded. \"You know what's going to happen if you have too much money to pay up!\" Ray looked at me with guilty look that I knew a bit too well by now. It was a guilty look that said guess who's going to be living in the gym again. \"I'm sorry Z. I was always betting that you wouldn't but…\" he trailed off as he realized what he was saying. I stared at him widening my eyes as I realized what he had just said. \"You've been betting against me all this time!\" I said in disbelief. All that time training and those things you've been telling me and you've been betting against me! I thought. \"I didn't think you would go so far! I regret it but-I just. I'm sorry Zery! I don't-\" \"Shut up!\" I snapped harshly. I felt tears burning at the back of my eyes. I stared at the ground for a second. \"Everything you did, everything you said, you lied to me! I trained for you, Ray. I won for you! No wonder you looked so mad whenever I won a match, you always said it's because I could do better. It's because you were losing bets! You betted against me, you own sister! What the hell ever happened to being the strongest hearts in the world, the best knuckles in the world?\" I shouted. Ray looked around nervously and tried to make quiet down. I took my arm but I snapped my arm away. \"I'm winning this tonight Ray, whatever the hell happens is on your head\" I hissed. I turned away from him and faced Rumy. I saw the weirdest thing from the reflection in the bot's face. Atom, across the arena was giving me a face that looked like he was scared, like he could actually feel my anger and hurt. He looked at me with pity. My nerves are getting to me, I thought. I shook my head and pulled Ray's overlarge hoodie over me and pulled the hood up. If you're wondering what's up with all the dude's clothes, then here is the explanation. Girls aren't allowed to box. Not even re wire outlets or suggest things. If anyone found out that I was boxing for Rumy then I'd be dead. The closest thing a girl can get to boxing or even robo boxing, is by being a girl robo. I zipped up the hood and got ready. The dude was finally finished with his speech and I got to go up. I didn't do anything special to hype the crowd, neither did Atom or his people. We simply stood there until we were allowed to fight. I turned around one last time and saw Ray shallowly surrounded by some scary looking guys. He was speaking rapidly and I couldn't hear him. I knew this bet was different and worse than the other because of what Ray did next. He looked around at the guys around him and then began to speak and mention towards where I stood, a shadow behind the large robot. He spoke slowly and gestured less than usual. Ray never brought me into things unless they were to the point where things where bad . The guys turned and saw me, really saw me. They saw my figure, my hair, and my ready fighting stance. As soon as they did that the bell rung and Atom went at me, the look of pity still on his face.[Chapter 5] Taking advantage of the fact I was distracted, Atom went at me full force. I took a nasty right hook to the jaw and practically felt my bot's jaw rip. I held up my arms to guard but realized how Atom was fighting. The bot wasn't being shadow boxed, he was being voice controlled. The bot always seemed to have a moment of blankness before each attack. I waiting until Atom backed away to charge at him. Before his controller could mutter a phrase I went in shoving my fist in to Atom's abdomen harshly. I didn't fight like a boxer, I fought like a mechanic. I nailed his left ear with a hard left hook, where his receiving information was. Then I served a series of hard jabs at his spinal column where is power chip should be. I was going to finish the stumbling robot with a hard one, two, three but Atom blocked me and began hitting me with a series of hard blows to the face and gut, leaving me and my bot breathless. \"Nail 'em good\" I heard my brother yell from behind me. I couldn't tell if he was talking to me or to Atom but honestly' I could care less about Ray at the moment. I attacked Atom with all the anger that I had for Ray. I knew all the dirty tricks, secrets and combinations that would render the bot useless. I right hooked at his eyes, where I knew his video chip must be. Then thinking fast dodged one of his jabs and sending one of my own towards his chest. I was mad, furious at Ray. My brother, my own flesh and blood going against me just like our parents and the rest of our siblings did. The freaking jerk! Everything we ever lived for, everything we ever worked for to get rid of all that betrayal was just washed down the drain. Infuriated and torn I went and tried to destroy the bot. I felt hot tears run down my cheek and sting my eyes, blurring my vision. I tried to land a promising blow on Atom but was of an inch, grazing his forehead with a left hook. Taking the misstep as an advantage he found an opening and began pounding at me. At some point my bot ended up on the floor. I tried to get the larger bot off of me and failed. The bot didn't lot at Rumy, instead its head turned slightly to me, the look of pity still on his face. \"Leave me alone! I told you that if she loses this one the money will be all yours\" I heard Ray hiss loudly behind me. I let the rest of tears flow down silently and prepared for the worst. I finally got Atom off of me, to numb to react fast enough I didn't block his finishing blow. Somewhere in the distance I heard Ray calling my name, someone else cursing, and a young man's voice yelling in delight. I simply walked away from it all, numb and broken. I don't really remember much from then. I walked to the motorcycle that I had borrowed and simply stood their, staring at the jet blue helmet in my hands, occasionally I saw tears splatter onto the shiny surface. I don't know when but at some point I felt someone put a hand on my shoulder. I looked up and met the worried filled eyes of Jerry. I got scared 'cause nothing worries Jerry, absolutely nothing . \"You need to help me, it's Ray\" he said, his eyebrows furrowing together. \"I don't give a damn about Ray, Jerry. He's been beating against me this entire time, and he has the nerve to lie to me\" I said hoarsely. Jerry noticed my tear swollen eyes and pink cheeks and nodded. \"I know but he's in trouble Z. I just saw the Atom guy have his boys take 'em somewhere. They were talking 'bout some bets they need or something\" I felt my eyes darken and left turn back to normal. Jerry nodded at my reaction and together we went in search for my brother all around the gym. Soon we found a place, a few blocks away from the warehouse. Jerry and I stood at the backdoor and slipped in. \"Now what –\" \"Shh\" I said, interrupting Jerry's unneeded question (AN: What it really was unneeded) I mentioned him to follow me to what looked like the basement. As soon as I opened a small door at the end of the dark corridor, I felt something hard and sharp hit the back of my head, and then I just blacked out to the faint sound of my brother's voice yelling my name.[Chapter 6] My head throbbed violently as the black thing covering my eye was ripped off my head. I fell on the ground, my burgundy locks falling into my face. I felt someone pull me up into what felt like a chair. My hair stuck to my forehead with sweat. I felt like I was underwater, everything was blurry and practically silent. I felt something dripping from the side of my mouth and the rest of my body felt numb with pain. I heard someone speak to me but i couldn't find the strength to do anything buy groan in pain. My arms were bound tight to the chair, huh when'd that happen. My head fell in between my knees and I began to retch up everything in my stomach, including my stomach I think. From there everything was a bit clearer and my hearing was better. I realized how cold I was and began shivering violently. I jerked in small movement and felt numb. I wanted to go home; to find Ray and never come back. My head pounded loudly in my ears. My throat felt like a dessert with pieces of broken glass stuck inside. \"Who are you?\" said a gruff voice in front of me. I tried to look up but it simply sent another shock of pain through my upper body. After the shock was a nerve racking wave of nauseous. I threw up again and felt my hair get pulled back. Whoever was pulling my hair grabbed me by the roots and practically tried to behead me with their bare hands. I felt myself scream and I bit the hand. The stream of curses and complaining were tagged along a hard slap to the back of my head. \"Stop it!\" bellowed the gruff voice. \"I never told any of ya to hurt her! Knock her out, yeah, but not to hurt her!\" I felt a gentler hand sit me up and guide my face to look straight. I opened my eyes and saw a bronzed skinned man with hard emerald eyes. He seemed strong and harsh but his eyes were filled with compassion. \"You okay?\" he asked in his gruff voice. I nodded and went into another violent shivering spasm. \"Somebody get her inside with the rest of them. She can't be out here\" I felt myself go weightless in someone's arms. we walked a short distance somewhere where i was placed down next to someone. \"Zera! Zera please tell me you're okay. Please, Zera I'm so sorry please be okay!\" I heard the person next to me say. I opened my eyes and meet my brother's eyes. They were tears in them, tears that fell down his cheeks. He held me in his lap, letting his tears fall on my face. \"Don't cry Ray.\" I whispered. My throat felt like someone had gone over it with a brolic piece of sandpaper. He exclaimed and placed a hand on my face. He smiled at me and gently kissed my forehead. \"You know now what happens when you break the rules of the Underground.\" said the man with the gruff voice. I looked up and saw him looming over us with buff guys standing at each side of him. \"I don't care how good you are at robo boxing or at boxing in general. No girls are allowed to box. Not only that but you owe me $260,000 from bets. That's not counting the rigged bets you planned! I made that as clear as possible when you first started coming here Ray. We of the Underground now take ownership for this rule breaker and its allies. You can finally pay us back your debts after 10 years of service Ray. Welcome to your new home.\" Ray swallowed and brought me into his lap, holding my shivering body close \"W-what about my sister?\" He braved himself to ask. I looked at the man, expecting to be in service with ray as well. \"You're not putting her into service. She's too young and she's a girl.\" I heard the pain in Ray's voice. I knew that i should be angered at him but i was too scared to do anything but curl up closer into him. The big man nodded respectfully at ray. As if he had a new sense of respect for him. \"A family man. I understand that. But I also have a family. Here at the Underground. Tell you what let's make a deal.\" \"I don't do deals they usually never last.\" Ray said narrowing his eyes at the man. The big man laughed. despite everything that was going on his laugh was a pleasant one. It was hearty and true. sadly this laughed pretty much determined my life. \"You take your sister's sentence as well. 15 years in total. That's how long you'd have to serve me.\" the man said. I opened my mouth to protest but Ray beat me to it. \"Deal\" he said. \"Ray!\" i exclaimed. The guy's henchmen walked over and grabbed Ray by his arms, prying them away from me. \"Ray! No please I'll do anything just let him go! Please Ray!\" I yelled trying to run to him. The big man grabbed me and held me back. \"No! that's my brother. he's all i have left! Ray! No!\" tears began to stream from my eyes. This is how it was with our parents. The two of the on one side of the person and Ray and I on the other. the only difference was that my parents didn't fight for us. They thanked that officers who were taking us away and shook their hands. They were smiling! Laughing with relief practically. They turned around, got in their car and drove away. And they never looked back. But i was not them. \"RAY!\" I kicked screamed and pushed my way pass the big man and into my brother's arms. I sobbed and shivered as he comforted me, murmuring into my hair, lies about how it was going to be alright. He held my face in his hands and kissed me on the forehead. He looked down at me and brushed away the hair that stuck to my face. \"Who has the strongest pair of knuckles in the world Zera?\" he asked. I busted into tears and shook my head. \"No Ray, please don't do this\" i sobbed holding on to him. \"No, tell me. Who has the strongest?\" \"You- you do Ray.\" i sputtered in the midst of my tears. \"Nope you do Z\" he said tears falling from his eyes as well. \"Who has the strongest hearts?\" i asked. I put a hand over his chest. The tears that fell out of his eyes fell faster now as he put his hand over my heart. \"We do Zera. We do\" he said. He kissed my forehead for a long time. Finally we were broken apart but we didn't struggle. Ray was lead out one door and I was lead back outside where a car was waiting for me. I will never box again, I swore to myself. Not until Ray comes out.[Chapter 7] I know, I know I deserved to be hanged for this high act of disrespect and not updating in ages. I'm really truly sorry, but I have a peace offering! Here you go! 10 years later… Almost there just a little further, I thought to myself as I pushed forward. Ugh I'm getting slower. I ran around the warehouse in my last 20th lap, sprinting through it as my legs and belly screamed in mercy. I felt the burn and revealed in it. \"Aye yo Z! Time's up, back to work!\" yelled Josh from his place at the door of the Underground as I passed him by. I turned back around, the November breeze sharp and cold against my t shirt and sweats. By the time I made it to the door Josh was gone and it was 12:25. I cursed at my watch as I saw that I was almost a half an hour late to work. I pushed the rusty metal side door that was labeled 'Employees Only' open and was greeted with the sound of all of the guys of the Underground getting ready for holding their fights. I saw the Techs moving around on the catwalks above head, setting up and fixing the lighting and sound systems that were used through the matches. The Movers were using their muscled bodies to move all the heavy mobile stages around the warehouse's 160,000 by 160,000 square feet floor. The Fighters were lounging around as usual, some of them shadow boxing their bots, and others practicing their voice commands and the rest fixing up some loose wires and broken things. It was always comforting to know that even though some things change, robot boxing won't. It was like the land of misfit toys for all who like metal pounding on metal. I climbed up stairs that were to my right, attached to the paint less walls, reaching all the way to the 5th floor catwalks and searching for the right door. When I finally got to the door that was labeled 'Residential' I opened it and walked the hallway that the door opened to. When I finally got to my room I ran in and had to fight every cell in my body from jumping on my bed and knocking out for the next 3 days. Instead I grabbed my towel and toothbrush as I passed by my wooden desk, covering in drawings, pictures, and a few bottles of Mabi Taino. I walked into my beige painted bathroom and took the fastest shower possible, only cleaning the important parts with my mango smelling body wash. As soon as I was finished I rushed back into my white painted room, slightly disgusted at how messy it was with all the paper and clothes strewn every which way. I made a mental note to clean it up when I had the chance. Soon I was dressed in bartending uniform and was on my way down the stairs to the main level. By the time I made it onto the 3rd floor landing I was an hour late and I heard the people rushing and yelling as they flooded through the main gate. I made my way through the crowd and over to the bar where I saw Josh, Aaron, Ezekiel, and Rashawn manning the never ending demand of drinks that people threw their way. \"I'm here!\" I shouted at them over the sound of a man yelling for a Little Manhattan. I pushed through the small mob and made my way behind the counter. \"What the hell Zera! Might as well just not show up if you showing up late every damn day!\" Josh scolded. He was a prick; always blaming me for something. I rolled my eyes at him and greeted the rest of the boys with a nod. \"Hey boys\" I said as I handed out Budweisers to the group of middle aged betters. They were regulars here at the Underground, always looking for someone to scout for the big leagues; the big leagues meaning the legal version of robot boxing. \"Hey Zera, how you doing sweetheart?\" said Arthur, a tubby man with a good head on his shoulders. Well the head isn't that good if he's betting in an illegal sport but a good one none the less. \"I'm good, did you find out anything about Atom for me?\" I asked as I handed another waitress a tray with two rounds of shots on them. After that I started pouring out a Scotch on the rocks for Toby, one of Arthur's friends that had just walked in. \"Hey Toby\" \"Hey there Zera, I see you remembered my drink, as usual\" he said with a smile. The rest of guys came in and gave me their orders, all of them waiting for Arthur to say something about the big leagues. You see Arthur is one of the announcers in the real deal league. He always has pity on us lower class people and fills us in on the events going on. \"Come on Arty. What'd you'd hear about my boy\" I said, I felt my excitement raising and my hopes getting high. Ever since that day years ago I've tried hard to get on track with that robot. \"Well your boy hasn't shown up in the last 8 months. I don't know why but I heard its 'cause the son of the guy who owns it is going to school. Man in charge has to wait until the kid gets back.\" He said shaking his head. \"I don't think the kid's coming back personally\" I sighed in disappointment. I kind of had high hopes for him. For some reason or another, I thought that he and his robot would go far. I shook off the thoughts and got back to work. The night went on like is usually does; me throwing different types of drinks left and right, Josh yelling at me every now and then just to remind me how much he didn't like a girl in a guy's place, and the boys yelling at him to shut up 'cause he doesn't have legs as good as mine. It was the last five rounds of the night that were coming up. These were the most intense. The last five rounds were filled to the brim with the rowdiest, drunk, and the best fighters of the night. The place was louder than the usual with people screaming out insults and bets. A few guys were actually there just to watch; just to revel in the fun of the morbid sport, but the rest had something riding on the game, whether it is money, a career, or maybe it was their lives. \"They're killing me out there!\" hissed a man with a cowboy hat as he took a seat on a stool to my left. My ears perked up at his agitation as I refilled a man's glass with water, telling him it was Vodka. \"They're all a bunch of college boys that heard 'bout this from dey daddy's. Talkin 'bout them being the next Zeus or somthin'\" he said before chugging down half of the Bud Light in his glass. I knew he was a sleaze bag not only from his bad taste in beer, but from the greedy look in his greedy eyes, and in the way that he tried to where teenage clothes when he was obviously well into his 50s. \"You never know\" said a new voice. I turned to see a young man, an attractive young man at that. He was probably a few years older than me with his harden figure and boxer like body structure. His hair looked a bit to dark for his pale skin and brown eyes that also seemed a bit too dark for the guy's pale complexion. \"We college boys just might surprise you\". The sleaze bag redneck looked like he was about to start something so Rashawn decided to step in. \"Hey now, this is a bar. So if you got ya booze best get to steppin'. If you don't, Zera ova there would kindly get you something\" Rashawn said as he placed a hand in front of the sleaze bag. \"Do I make myself clear?\" he said with a pointy gaze at said man. \"Crystal\" the redneck replied with a leer. He got up and made his way through the small group of people that surrounded the bar, his designer tight jeans threatening to fall from his massive weight. And to think he probably had respect in some point of his life , I thought as I watched him go. \"Can I get a coke?\" said a voice, bringing me back out of my head. I turned to face the guy that was talking with Mr. Redneck. \"I'm sorry. H-how can I be o-of service?\" I said. Let me explain to you that I was speaking to a Greek Adonis, so I was feeling a bit shaky. The guy gave me a very thorough once over that made me feel like I was naked under the gaze of is calculating blue eyes. \"Let me get a Coke, coldest one you got\" he asked in a deep voice. I was trapped by his piercing blue eyes and could only nod. He stared at me for a second and then chuckled deeply. \"You might want to close you mouth, you're drooling a bit\". That snapped me out of it. I made a face at him and went to the cooler to grab the warmest Coke I could find. I made my way back to him and saw the guy, whom I am naming Blonde, talking with two other guys. By the looks on their faces it seemed like he was recounting a story, and a good one at that. \"…was the last time I saw him\" I heard him finalize as I drew near with his drink. \"1.50\" I said to him as I place the drink in front of him. A smirk grew on his face as I asked for the payment. \"You want me to pay?\" he scoffed. I gave him a look and thought, Who the hell does this nigga think he is? \"No I want you to lick my toe. Yeah I want you to pay!\" I scoffed back at him. He looked at me with raised eyebrows and a surprised look on his face. \"What? Nobody ever told you to carry you own weight?\" I joked as I crossed my arms over my chest. His eyes flicked over my breasts and I felt myself heat up a bit. \"Nope, not in a while.\" He said. \"Don't you know who I am?\" \"Nope, I've been living under a rock. Do you know who I am?\" I asked. Once again the guy looked taken aback by my statement. \"Well no-\" \"Would you like to know?\" I asked. I felt a smile playing on my face and by the way he smirked I bet he could see it too. \"Very much so, yes\" he smiled, revealing dimples on his cheeks and perfect white teeth. Oh that's not fair , I thought to myself. Dimples too! \"Name's Zera. Zera Rodriguez\" I said extending a hand out to the guy, excited to learn his name. His smile widened a bit at the mention of my name and he took my hand, his massive hands seeming to swallow mine whole. \"Max Kenton. It's a pleasure to meet the girl who almost beat me and my dad in a match\" he said with a grin.[Chapter 8] My body froze in shock. My arms hardened and my hands felt clammy. I was conscious of what was going on; believe me. I was fully aware of the seven guys to the left of me who were waiting for their drinks. My mind was completely keen on the fact that Josh was watching me and was probably judging me. I was even more aware of the fact that I was on the clock and that my job wasn't going to do itself. But I was completely conscious, and more importantly focused, on the calloused hand that enveloped mine. It was warm and had long fingers with slightly hairy knuckles. The arm attached to it was very well defined and muscular, no doubt from years of boxing. The shoulder following it was clad with a white t-shirt that stood out against the dark background that the bar provided. A well-defined jaw followed, leading my eyes past his thin, pale lips that were set under a strong pointy nose. His cheekbones were a bit soft, showing that he wasn't that old, but they still had a definite sharpness to them that was attractive. His eyes were dark, which was odd because they didn't go with his pale skin. The thin circle surrounded his dark brown eyes, giving away the fact that the night wasn't kind to him. \"Y-you're the one w-who was in charge of Atom that night?\" I asked. His piecering blue eyes completely captured my own, ","Summary":" Chapter 1 I felt my chest burn and my throat feel dry after the 17 lap around the track. \"Don't st"},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Wayward Wendy","Author":"OWLSCRATCH","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8461960","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! I'm taking a step away from action, sci-fi and adventure for a moment to try something new. I don't want to rattle off with any taxing introductions. I just want to say that I am forever in love with Ferris Bueller's Day Off and I am sad to see such a scarce amount of fiction about the movie. But, here I am, bearing a story to whoever wants to read it. So, enjoy! Reviews are great! (P.S. I haven't written in first person POV in a long time, so bear with me) I can feel the air around my head physically tremble from the rattle of my alarm clock, strangely mistaken without its continuous brassy clank. Dad always tells me that the \"entrails\" must be \"amiss\", something about the improper alignment of the escapement wheel and the anchor. My rebuttal is always some snarky, smart remark about how the alarm clock is inanimate and doesn't have tangible insides like a human. \"It's a $10 alarm clock, dad,\" to which he heaves a weary sigh and begins a long and grueling (on my part) lecture. I suppose this comes at the price of being the daughter of an English teacher with some other degree that allows him to be as inquisitive as he wants. Sighing, I throw a hand out towards the dresser, groping for the noisy nugget of metal. Oh, if only I could find that snooze button through my many layers of frustration and early morning exhaustion. I finally manage to silence the clock after slapping around the dresser and breathe one more slobbery, open-mouthed groan of defeat into my closure pillow. I roll out from beneath the printed duvet and sit with my legs hanging off the edge of the bed. I know that if my butt doesn't leave the mattress in exactly seven and a half minutes, my mother will be clambering up the stairs cracking together flat-bottomed pans. I crawl back onto the eiderdown and steady myself with one hand gripping the mast at the head of the bed. The flat of my hand snaps against the curling, flocked wallpaper as I slam on the wall separating my brother and I. \"Get up! Mom'll be coming any minute now!\" Okay, that was a lie. We still have seven minutes, fifteen seconds and counting. But he'd never wake up if I would've told him that. And, as if on cue, the bed springs grate and I think I can hear my brother hit the hardwood floor. There's a pained groan. Face first, I deem. I can't help but let out a disgusting snort of laughter. Doug and I are fraternal twins. He's a minute and 36 seconds older than me, although, I might as well be the older one. I laugh, cuss and poke fun all of the time because it's my nature, but I know when to pull on my seasoned, mature face and big girl pants when things get really heavy. Doug, on the other hand, can't tell a jesting tone from a grave, grandma's-heart-rived-in-her-chest tone. And, let me tell you, it has gotten him into a lot of trouble. The two of us are different in a handful of ways. I get straight A's all across the board while he seems to settle for C's and the occasional D+ on his report card. School is a touchy subject for him and while he claims to care about his education, I have yet to see him pick up a book when he's not in school. I'll occasionally jostle him with cuss words and shove his grades down his throat, to which he gets violent and leaves me with bruises and bedside scars. You think I would've learned from the first time he stomped on my foot and broke two of my toes with his logger boots. I may have a shitload of terrible things to say about Doug, but I will give him props. He is a charmer. His curtained ash blonde hair attracts throngs of girls daily, hanging off of his arm or gazing with starry eyes from behind their locker doors. He gets those lovely locks from my mom. I, on the other hand, have a wavy mane of one million and one different shades of brown that reaches the small of my back. Courtesy of the wonderful Professor Jack Halifax. However, the only physical trait Doug and I seem to share is our incredibly vivid hazel eyes. But aside from that, some kids at school very well assume we've gone steady with one another. How many times can I eject burnt pot roast and say that that is down right disgusting? My phone rings, pulling my brain from the clouds, back down into my head and between my eyes. Yes, it took a lot of begging on my part, but I finally have my own personal telephone number. The main argument was privacy, aka, the wretched excuse for a sibling in the next room over. I stand from the mattress and the bonnell springs in the bed squeak. The phone is in my hand in an instant, face pressed to the receiver and lips inches from the mouthpiece. \"This is Wendy speaking...\" \"Good morning, Wendy Speaking.\" I sigh, picking up the entire phone set and bringing it with me to the window. \"What could you possibly want at 7:30 in the morning?\" I part the gauzy curtains and peek out of the window at the house directly across the street. There's no movement from the drapes, so I open my curtains to their full width and tie them up at the sides of the window. \"Hm, is that the sound of curtains being drawn?\" Ferris asks sarcastically. Suddenly, from across the street, he rips open his drapes and draws the blinds to reveal himself in a bathrobe with a serious case of bedhead. \"I see that I'm correct, Miss Wendy Speaking. And might I say, you look ravishing this morning.\" Frowning, I look down at my large, wrinkled t-shirt and my tiniest pair of filigree-like panties. I glare at Ferris through my mangled fringe, shifting the phone to my shoulder and holding it steady with my ear. \"I repeat, what could you possibly want at 7:30 in the morning?\" \"I think you mean, what could I possibly not want at 7:30 in the morning?\" \"What. Do. You. Want.\" \"Jesus, put some ice cubes down those skivvies and chill out, Wen.\" I move to the dresser against the wall, out of view from the window, and sift through camisoles and scratchy slips. \"I have to get ready for school, Ferris.\" Pressed from the night before, I tug on a pair of riveted jeans that don't seem to fit correctly. I move into full view of the silver glass mirror behind the bedroom door and run a hand down my suddenly bulging haunches. I have hips, but where did those things come from? \"See, that's where you're wrong.\" By now I have moved back to sieving through the drawer, stopping at Ferris' reply. I put my weight onto one foot and pop a hip outward, my hand fixing me to the top of the dresser. \"What are you talking about, Bueller?\" \"Hooky.\" \"No,\" I reply, shaking my head. \"There's a quiz on consumer education,\" he sing-songs tonelessly. \"Problem set in calculus, seat change in physics...\" \"No.\" \"C'mon, Louise!\" If there is one thing I cannot stand, it's being called by my middle name. Call me Wendy. Call me Wen. Hell, call me Halifax. I don't mind the last name. But one thing that I have polished from shit and made crystal fucking clear is that no one calls me Louise, ever. Even Doug knows not to call me Louise. Although, it was kind of an even exchange, so long as I don't utter the name 'Douglas' for as long as I live. \"You listen here, Bueller ,\" I spit into the mouthpiece. \" No one calls me Louise , blah blah blah, okay, I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry.\" He sounds bored and preoccupied. \"Fuck you, Ferris.\" Then I promptly hang up the phone and glance at the clock. 7:32. Okay. Mom will be up here in five minutes to check on me and if I'm not hauling ass, she'll be hauling ass. Mine. I reach the closet when the jeans really start to grow uncomfortable and cut into my sides like pleats. I unearth a pair of high-waisted khaki shorts in a pile of dirty (or clean?) clothes and change into them. The hem and final button at the top touch the skin above my belly button, the sudden compression of my stomach is something to ease into. I peel off my t-shirt and reach for a ruled, off-the-shoulder blouse when the phone rings again. \"What?\" I ask. Who else could be on the receiving end of my frustration other than Ferris Bueller? \"You hurt my feelings,\" he says nonchalantly, still preoccupied with something else. \"I'd like a written apology in my mailbox no later than 7:40.\" \"Ferris, stop calling me .\" \"Hooky?\" \" No .\" \"Come on , Wen!\" \"We have the goddamn weekend, Ferris! Besides, you already have a shitload of absences.\" \"Not anymore.\" His tone is crafty and ten kinds of wicked. I don't want to know what he means. \"Today's gonna be huge. I can feel it.\" I hip-check a shelf back into the dresser and roll my eyes. \"Yeah, right. You say that every time.\" \"And I'm right every time.\" \"Sorry, Ferris, presentation on kinematics. I'm sitting this one out.\" He outwardly sighs. I look out of the window and, sure enough, he's pouting. \"Can you hear my heart breaking, Wen?\" \"Oh, can it, Ferris.\" \"Wendy—\" \"Phone jack,\" I tease, voice flat as flouder. Ferris Bueller, always overdone and exaggerating, gasps loud and his breath crackles in the receiver. \"You wouldn't.\" So, I hang up the phone and unplug the jack from the wall. Grinning, I pick up the figured blouse and pull it over my head, tucking the knitted wool into my shorts and curling a belt through the loops. Ferris Bueller, you have met your maker. I move to tidy the bedding when the worst, cyclic sound rips through the air. It feels like my eardrums are being popped and pared with utility knives. I'm positive that I'd much rather be banded to a table and sit through hours of listening to government principles and Chinese water torture. It doesn't take a genius to figure out what high school shithead is responsible for this. Turning my head, I see Ferris Bueller, disheveled, somehow poised on the edge of his window and blowing into his clarinet. That dirty, filthy, scheming son of a bitch. I open the casement window and lean on the sill. \"Okay! Fever. Bad enough, but not bad enough for a visit to the doctor's office. Muscle aches, chills, insane irritability. Don't have time for fake sweats or the imagination to make up loony hallucinations. I'll throw on a jogging suit and get back into bed. Now you had better chuck that fucking clarinet or you can forget about our friendship, Bueller!\" I close the window, only to return shortly afterward to pull it open again. \"You owe me breakfast! Try not to spit in it!\" I shut the window and pull the curtains closed. One thing I cannot stand about Ferris Bueller is his persistence. I chance a look in the clock's direction. 7:36. Shit. The shorts and barred blouse somehow end up on the upholstered chair in the corner of the room. I sift through the third shelf in my dresser and quickly pull on jogging pants and a woven jumper over my panties and t-shirt. 7:37. Shit! Shit! Shit! I'm just able to pull the duvet to my chin when my mother bursts through the door. \"What are you still doing in bed?\" I groan and roll over to face her. \"Everything... hurts.\" She sits beside me on the eiderdown and puts the back of her hand to my forehead. Shit. \"You don't feel warm.\" Shit! \"That's because I'm freezing.\" I pull on the bedding and it envelops me in its warmth. \"So, so cold , mommy.\" Her green eyes narrow to leery, suspicious rifts. \"I'm getting the thermometer from the downstairs bathroom.\" \"Okay,\" I say, weary voice concealing my absolute terror for the woman weilding a spatula. She leaves the room without closing the door behind herself. Okay. One minute window to run to the bathroom and make this a credible fever. Her spool heels clack on the staircase and once I hear them break ground on the baked clay tiles downstairs, I bolt for the bathroom across the hall. I adjust the running tap and splash my face with hot water until the burning becomes unbearable. A mouthful of scalding water (I think my hard palate is blistering...), necklace of moisture around my throat, mist of hot water on the chest and frontal hairline. There's just enough time to crawl back into bed with a slightly pained expression on my face. My mother comes into the bedroom, followed by my concerned father. Mom is still grasping the spatula and a themometer while dad adjusts his horn-rimmed glasses on the bridge of his nose. He sits beside me on the bed and takes my flushed, flustered face into his calloused hands, tucking a tress of \"sweaty\" hair behind my ear. He puts a hand to my head and furrows his eyebrows. Damn. If anyone knows me, it's my father. \"I don't know, Janice. She feels warm to me.\" The fuck—? I shake my head out of his grasp, mussy mane dampening the closure pillow. \"No, no. I'm cold.\" If he's going to be a dumb fuck, I am most definitely going to take advantage of this. Mom purses her lips, suspicion all over her face. She pops a hip and holds out the thermometer. \"Open.\" I rip the thermometer from her hand and plug it between my lips while my mouth is still hot. My dad takes it and observes the readings, mom sneering over his shoulder. \"100.1,\" he says. \"That's not good. Fever for sure.\" \"Sleep,\" I beg, pulling the printed duvet over my head. \"Go to work. I'll be okay.\" Mom shoots a look to my dad that reads disbelief and irritation, yet uncertainty. I know that she doesn't want to believe that I'm sick, but the way her doe eyes regard me — folded tight into the dendritic duvet, clinging to its heat — makes me almost believe otherwise. My parents look to each other and go out into the hallway where I hear scraps of their conversation. \"I don't believe this for one second , Jack.\" \"You saw the reading on the thermometer. And she's sweating for Christ's sake!\" \"She wasn't sweating two minutes ago!\" \"'Cause she's fakin',\" another voice says through a mouthful of breakfast. Fucking Doug. Fucking Doug. There's a moment of cool, yet strangely formal silence before I hear my dad speak again. \"I want her to stay home.\" \"What!\" And that masculine, leonine growling does not come from my mom. All of a sudden, the door swings ajar on its split hinge and Doug is running straight for my bed in a blur of tartan and carded wool. I rise slightly to protest his intrusion, but he holds me down to the linens with one hand on my throat, the other slapped to my forehead. \"She's fakin'! This isn't sweat! It's water!\" Soggy shreds of his breakfast land on my face, so I spit a glob of saliva right between his eyes, hoping to get him to release his hold on my windpipe. His anger deepens and it seems that I have bought a one way ticket to my grave. He'd make me buy my own shovel and dig, of course. I scream as his grip on my throat tightens, kicking my legs out, thrashing my limbs, anything to get this irritable douche bag off of me. \"DOUG—\" I choke out, \"—LAS, you—\" I slap at his face, fingers curling around wispy strands of curtained hair. \"—ugly fuck! Get off me! Mom! Dad!\" Did I mention that we don't get along? At all . If I was on fire, he'd water mom's garden before putting out the flames on my skin. At least he'd do that, I wouldn't even spit on the bastard. \"Wendy, you gross bitch!\" Mom swats at his spine and shoulder blades with her spatula until he releases his hold on me. His grip wasn't tight enough to suffocate me, just to throttle me senseless until I told the truth. That fucktard. \"I'll bet that she's fully dressed under there! School clothes, shoes and all!\" Dad filches Doug's ear between his fingers and advertently gets him to leave the room. \"Wendy Louise, I've had enough of this!\" Mom rips the eiderdown from my body and sighs at my jogging pants, socks and knitted jumper. Scowling, I snatch the bedding back into my fist. \"What did you expect to see, mom? A bikini and a Shirley Temple?\" I curl into the gritty fabric of the jumper and pull the duvet back up to my chin. In all honesty, my ass is burning up. Perspiration from my feet has made my socks one hundred pounds heavier. To make my case seem more believable, I shed a few tears and point towards the door. \"Doug hurt me! I'm cold and pained and sick ! Make him say sorry!\" She glares, nice, acute and frigid. \"Take off that jumper, bathe in lukewarm water and break a few ice packs.\" I roll my eyes and nod as she leaves the room. Can't live with the woman, can't seem to make a decent meal without her. Dad wipes away the moisture from my face with the pad of his thumb and looks at me with an apathetic smile. I'm convinced that he's completely sold until that smile turns into a radiant grin. \"You help me with grade nine essays and mom doesn't have to know a thing.\" \"What?\" But he just winks, plants a kiss atop my head and leaves the room with his cologne hampering my breathing. The man knows me like the back of his hand. I really am my father's child. That might have not blown over well with dipshit Doug and my father. But, at least my mom was halfway sold on it. Alas, years and years of being friends with Ferris Bueller has indefinitely improved my acting talent. 7:45. I prune the woven jumper from my sticky skin and toss it into the wicker basket by the window. When I hear no movement from outside the door, I plug the phone jack back into the wall and dial Ferris' telephone number. He picks up after two rings. \"Well?\" \"You had better have one hell of a day planned, Bueller.\" \"Did you suddenly forget who you're talking to?\"[Chapter 2] Sorry for the long wait! I had this written, but I went back in and revised it a bunch of times. Remember, this is my first time in a long time writing in first person POV, so this is extremely difficult for me to capture a personality through Wendy's eyes/mind/body. Anyway, thank you so much for the reviews and alerts! You guys are amazing! \" Oh, oh, Sheila. Let me love you till the morning comes. Oh, oh, Sheila. You know I want to be the only one... \" The bathroom is warm, dimly lit with tealight candles and smells of lovely rose oil. I tie my hair up at crown of my head and brush back fibers of ochre, chestnut and russet from my brow. The waffle weave bathrobe drops from my body and I stand in front of the bathtub, feeling the warmth of the glassy, foaming water with my toes. When I step in, I glide slightly on the hyaline surface of the bottom of the tub and catch myself on the hollow in the wall. An entire neckband of indecencies echoes through the house and I massage the front sole of my left foot. This is why I only take baths once in a while, they're damn deadly if anything. I finally manage to lower myself into the pool of spumy, bubbling water without slipping again. Once my entire body is submerged, I relax my muscles against the heat of the frothy bubbles and press my back to the edge of the bathtub, bare bottom touching the porcelain base. As dangerous as they are, I'd take a bubble bath any day over going to school with idiots. \" Oh, baby, it's plain to see. That you're qualified to fill your needs... \" I bellow, cupping handfuls of water and bubbles and lathering the olive skin of my legs. \" I think you threw an oath on me. Honey, baby, just you wait and see. \" After fifteen minutes, the cordless phone rings from the edge of the bathtub. Sighing, because God damn everything I already know who the asshole is on the other line. I pick up the phone and put it to my ear. I've already had so much of Ferris Bueller today that I'm actually considering staying in the bathtub until my parents and brother come home. However, his promise of a 'fucking awesome, mind-blowing' day is way too hard to pass up. I didn't skip school, get choked out and drooled on by my dipshit brother just to sit on porcelain all day long. \" And we say, oh, oh, Sheila ,\" I coo into the mouthpiece. \" Let me love you till the morning comes ,\" he sings to the receiver, his voice deep and warbling. I laugh heartily and adjust my position in the tub of water. \"Give me another fifteen minutes. I've decided to take a bath,\" I say, flicking a handful of bubbles into the air. \"Room for one more?\" \"Ever the charmer, Ferris,\" I reply dramatically, placing a hand over my bosom. \"But, poor, poor Sloane. What'll you tell her?\" He chuckles and I can tell that my act has him grinning pearls. \"She doesn't have to know a thing.\" Ferris and I have always joked around like this. When we first met each other in middle school, there was an immediate connection because we understood each other's sense and extent of humor. As juvenile and cliché as it sounds, it was friendship at first sight and friendship at its best. Cameron Frye (sullen, anxious sidekick to Ferris), on the other hand, had an extremely hard time warming up to my (as he calls it) \"infantile\", \"immature\" — clearly, he's been paying too much attention in my father's AP senior English class — \"buffoonery\". Eventually, my spirit grew on him and his morose, rain cloud of a personality grew on me. Believe me, I have no fucking clue how that happened. Just because he's always got shrapnel tearing through his ass doesn't mean that he gets off without my constant jeering. I always joke with him because he just responds so much more forcibly than necessary. Once, I told him that I was gonna marry him when we were older because we're countering forces and those things are supposed to attract. Right? I said that knowing that he would either A) change the subject or B) start stuttering and sweating through his jersey like a fool. But, what I did not expect him to do was C) bolt away on foot to his car and trip over poorly pruned hedges. I really love the guy, but Jesus H. Christ, he is fistful and then some. I shake my head. \"You sure are a piece of work, Bueller.\" \"A work of art .\" \"See you in fifteen minutes,\" I say, hanging up the phone. It takes five minutes to blot myself dry, split the curtains, blow out the candles and dress in those khaki shorts, ruled blouse and belt. But then I decide, screw it, if we're going out and this day is going to be 'fucking awesome', I'm gonna look fucking awesome. So I peel off those clothes — mostly because they remind me of my pesky mother and school, who likes that? — and slip into a pair of wine red shorts and a white v-neck with a jean jacket and a black infinity scarf. I run a brush through the large billows in my hair and part it with the bristles at the top of my temple. Satisfied, I pull on a pair of shin-high boots, grab my sling bag from my bedroom and just because I'm a filthy, crafty, conniving, 'gross bitch', I spit a small, frothy wad of saliva onto Doug's bed and conceal it beneath one of his neck pillows. Ha fucking ha. I lock the door on my way out of the house and cross the street to Ferris' greensward where he lay supine on a lawn chair. He tips down his sunglasses and locks eyes with me, observing my upright form. \"Well?\" he says. \" Well what?\" \"I could use some company.\" \"You could use a brain.\" \"Oh, ouch, Wen. That hurt.\" \"When you were dropped on your head?\" \"Yikes. That's a zero on the scoreboard for Ferris Bueller.\" \"Zero? Are you counting the number of brain cells you have left?\" Ferris just chuckles and lies back onto the chair. I can't tell if he's looking at me or the sky through his sunglasses. \"Strip down and lotion up!\" he shouts, grabbing a bottle of sun screen from the table adjacent and holding it out to me. I shrug my shoulders nonchalantly, placing my sling bag on the lawn beside the empty chair. The shoes come off first, everything else just gets tossed into a messy pile on the sod until I'm left in a bandeau and matching panties. I grab my sunglasses from the sling bag and the sun screen from Ferris' grasp, relaxing against the grating material of the bolster on the lawn chair. \"Nice view, eh?\" I ask, knowing that Ferris' eyes are roaming my skin. \"Sure is,\" he drawls from beside me, taking a long swig of his lemonade. He looks indefinitely to the sky and I look at my skin, deciding that a gentle tint on the olive plane couldn't hurt, so I place the sun screen beside my sling bag on the lawn. Ferris hands me his sweating glass of lemonade and I take a small sip before handing it back. A comforting silence ornaments the sward like a duvet of sorts, one with dendritic designs, feathery insides, and no sibling DNA on it. I touch my throat and thinking about Doug's hand around my neck doesn't make me want to spit on his bedding anymore, it just makes me want to shit in his pillow case. \"Is Cameron tagging along on this escapade?\" I ask. Ferris picks up the cordless phone on the table, dials a number and puts the receiver to his ear. \"Hold that thought.\" I roll my eyes and sneak a sip of lemonade from the cup on the table between us. Cameron is an easy boy to read. I already know from years of friendship that he's not sick and he's lying in bed with the eiderdown pulled tight over his head. \"Cameron!\" Ferris yips into the mouthpiece. \"What's happening?\" There's a pause for Cameron's response. \"How do you feel?\" I lie back onto the lawn chair (which is irritating and feels strangely clad in homespun) and put the back of my hand to my forehead. My tongue lolls lazily across my bottom lip and a small rivulet of saliva rills from the corner of my mouth. Yes, I'm taking jabs at Cameron and his extravagant exaggerations. He's an easy target and I'm an ass, so it's a perfect match. \"Yes, Wendy's here. Yes, she's making fun of you.\" Ferris puts his hand on the mouthpiece and turns to me. \"He says to knock it off.\" I put my hands up defensively. \"Is your mother in the room?\" Another pause. \"I'm taking the day off, come on over.\" Another pause. \"That's all in your head. Come over.\" I get up from my spot and squeeze in beside Ferris on the rough-hewn material of the bolster on his own chair. He moves the phone to the other ear and holds it outward, allowing me more room to press my ear to the side of the receiver. There is still no space at the end of the lawn chair for both of our gangling legs, so I cross mine and throw them atop Ferris'. \"I feel like shit,\" Cameron's voice crunches in the receiver like cellophane wrap. \"I can't go anywhere.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that,\" Ferris replies. \"Now come on over and pick us up.\" \"Wendy has a car.\" \"Yes, my dear Cameron Frye, but my car is a piece of shit and herein lies the problem.\" \"Ferris says my car is shit too. Two equally shitty cars. I don't see the problem in driving yours.\" \"Ha! I pray for what is to come hereafter if I have to deal with your quick wit again. You see, my dear Cameron Frye, your car may be shit, but my piece of shit is shittier tenfold.\" \"But—\" \"There is duct tape on the windshield for fuck's sake, Cameron! Now get your hypochondriacal ass out of bed and come pick us u—He hung up.\" Ferris shrugs, dropping the phone into my lap and folding his arms behind his head. \"Call him back.\" So, I comply and punch in Cameron's phone number. A continuous, low hum crackles the line and I press the receiver to my ear when Cameron picks up on the other end. \"Cameron, love? It's Wendy,\" I say. My tone is sweet yet sly, I can feel Cameron's general air of malaise through the receiver. \"Hey, Wen,\" he replies wearily. Ferris presses his ear against the back of the phone. \"I'm sorry that I screamed at you.\" \"That's okay.\" I lift my shades to wink at Ferris, then mouth 'piece of cake' into the mouthpiece. \"Come out with us, Cameron. Please?\" \"Oh, please. You two only need a ride.\" Ferris grunts in amusement. \"Piece of cake,\" he mock-whispers. I gasp in disbelief. That reasoning is only half true! \"I can't believe you would say that! We love you, Cam! Now move that cute little tush from your bed into the front seat of your ca—What a dick! That son of a bitch hung up on me again!\" Ferris snatches the phone from my grasp, dials Cameron's number and puts it to his ear. \"You're not dying. You just can't think of anything good to do.\" Then hangs up and stretches an arm behind my head, pulling me into his side. I punch his midriff, to which he recoils slightly and folds his arms over his middle. \"Not on your life, Bueller.\" Cameron finally arrives fifteen minutes after receiving another pestering phone call from Ferris and I. The tires of his car screech noisily on the mended flagstone as he pulls into the drive edging the house. The automobile steadies in front of the steps and quietly purls until Cameron (forcibly and violently) kills the engine. Damn, his car really is a piece of shit. \"We should greet him at the door,\" Ferris says, righting his tie. \"Be good friends, ya know? He is sick after all.\" I filch a wedge of pancake from my fork and shoot Ferris the most heavy, earnest look I can manage. \"The little shit made it this far without help. He'll be just fine to open the door by hims—CAM!\" I run for the door and pitch myself into Cameron (who seems to have seen this coming and already has his arms raised for me). I may be extremely mean to my boys all the time, but they know that I love them to death. \"Wend—oof!\" he grunts, trying to righten my bulging anatomy in his arms. \"Geez, the plate doesn't ever leave the hand, does it?\" I look down at my hands: plate full of pancakes in one, fork moistened with saliva in the other. Cameron is on the receiving end of a sharp, yet canny grin and I place the fork down atop the tower of mangled pancake scraps. \"Never has, never will.\" Then I snake an arm behind him and squeeze his butt. All at the same time, an acute shriek punctures the air and Cameron's hands fly to his backside. I swear to all that is holy and sane and mighty, I have never seen the boy jump so high in his entire life. His eyes widen to saucers and his cheeks redden to fire brick, all the while, Ferris is crooked and bent over in laughter. Like I said, easy target. Cameron's eyes darken for a moment before he grabs the plate from my hand and dumps everything into the garbage can. I gasp, \"Asshole!\" He hit me right where it hurts: my empty stomach. I'm blistering with rage, but even I have to admit, it's awesome payback. He brushes past me to the front door, his hand seemingly scalding on the knob. \"I'm leaving. You guys only called to piss me off.\" Cameron's not gonna leave. He's a bullshit liar and even he knows it. \"Okay, bye!\" I say, at the same time Ferris bellows, \"Wait!\" \"Let him leave if he wants to,\" I reply. \"Bye, sourpuss!\" \"Wendy,\" Ferris warns in a cautionary tone. \"Don't get bent out of shape over spilled pancakes —Cameron, get back in here.\" Cameron rolls his eyes at the door, now hanging ajar on the hinge. He closes it and meets Ferris at the telephone in the kitchen where I have my elbows leaning on the edge of the marmoreal island in the center. Cameron glares in my direction while I flash my winning smile and wink at his slightly downturned lips. \"We need to make a phone call to Rooney. So,\" Ferris gestures to the both of us with his upturned hands. \"Apologize to each other.\" \"What is there to apologize for?\" I ask, shrugging. \"Cam has a nice butt and my hand was just showing its appreciation.\" \"Oh, cut it out, Wendy!\" Cameron says. I laugh, \"Well, you'll have to get used to it. That fine backside of yours is gonna be mine when we get married.\" He pales to a floral white and quickly reaches for the telephone on the wall. \"Rooney should be in his office right now...\" he mutters, punching in the phone number to Edward Rooney's office. Ah, Edward Rooney. The man is a gem. No shit. He's crazy nice to me. Although, I know it's only because my father works in the next corridor over and would surely hand Mr. Rooney's ass to him if he was anything but courteous to me. Everyone once in a while, Mr. Rooney will call me down to his office just to have a friendly chat to see how I'm faring in my classes. He always exalts my grades and gasses me up with hopes of being the valedictorian of my graduating class. Of course, he knows that I'm best friends with Ferris Bueller and Cameron Frye. When something is amiss in the school and shithead Bueller gets called down to Rooney's office, he calls me as his witness to testify on his behalf. My personal favorite excuse is \"Ferris, Cameron and I had a movie date last night at my house when (said incident) occurred.\" When I use that one, I get to explain an entire movie premise rather than explaining the Declaration of Independence or mathematical growth models. Sounds gross, but I'd rather sit with Ed Rooney in his office for an hour and a half than fall asleep, dribbling over my text book in economics. By the time I'm out of my own thoughts, Ferris has already filled Cameron in on the plan. The first part of this plan involved me calling the school nurse and telling her that Sloane Peterson's grandmother had passed. Now, I'm all for getting the pretty little brunette out of school to hang out with us, but what I don't condone is the whole 'grandma-had-a-heart-attack-at-the-wheel'. It's because of Ferris' genius ideas that I end up getting severely bitten by karma. Cameron pulls his jersey over his head and sets it down on the marmoreal island. I take it before he can object and tug it down over my breasts and around my body. It fits like a dress because Cameron is a whole foot taller than me. He rolls his eyes and draws his serious face. \"This is George Peterson,\" he says in a voice ten thousand octaves higher than his own. \"Ed, this is George Peterson.\" A pause. \"Well, we've had a bit of bad luck.\" Another pause. \"Yeah, it's been a tough morning. We've got a lot of family business and if you wouldn't mind excusing Sloane, I'd appreciate it.\" Cameron gulps and his eyes widen as he scratches the nape of his neck nervously. \"Ed, I'm sorry. Did you say you wanted to see a body?\" \"What the hell is he saying?\" I ask. I hadn't realized until now, but Ferris is gone. Probably to another phone to call the office. Cameron puts a hand over the mouthpiece and shakes his head in disbelief. \"He wants to see a body. A damn body! Can you believe it?\" he half-shouts, half-whispers. He puts the receiver back to his ear and clears his throat. \"Oh, uh, no. My wife's mother.\" I guess Mr. Rooney says some whacked shit because Cameron's jaw unhinges in disbelief. I rush over to the telephone and listen in with Cameron, catching a snippet of Rooney rudely reeling off. \"—you can come down here and smooch my big, old, white butt. Pucker up, Buttercup...what?\" Then he puts the line on hold for a moment before returning more abashed and solemn than before. \"Mr. Peterson, I think I owe you an apology.\" Cameron lightly shoves me away from the telephone's receiver and presses the mouthpiece to his face. \"I should say you do,\" Cameron replies, back to his strange voice. \"Well, I think you should be sorry for Christ's sake! A family member dies and you insult me! What the hell is the matter with you anyway?\" A pause. \"Well, pardon my French, but you're an asshole! Asshole!\" Another pause. \"This isn't over yet, buster. Do you read me?\" Another pause. \"Call me sir, goddamnit!\" Aggression sure is attractive on Cameron Frye. I fan my face with my hand and point to him. \"So hot for you,\" I whisper, smirking and winking at him again. That air of malaise is back again as he turns away from me and shouts into the mouthpiece. \"That's better. You mind your P's and Q's, buster, and remember who you're dealing with.\" Ferris glides across the linoleum, coming to a stop and fixing his tie. \"Bueller, Ferris Bueller.\" \"Yawn,\" I say, rolling my eyes. Ferris waves me off like a foul scent in the air. \"Now, I'm scared. What if he recognizes my voice?\" Cameron asks, covering the mouthpiece and receiver with his palms. \"Impossible, you're doing great,\" answers Ferris, absentmindedly adjusting his cuff links. Cameron smiles, putting the phone back up to his face. \"Rooney! Rooney, calm down!\" A pause. \"I don't have all day to bark at you, so I'm going to make this short and sweet. I want my daughter out in front of the school in ten minutes. By herself. I don't want anyone around—\" Ferris shakes his head and smacks Cameron on the arm, who covers the receiver and mouthpiece. \"What?\" \"Out in front by herself? It's too suspicious! He'll think something's up. Cover it.\" Cameron appears panic-stricken in his white tee shirt and suspenders. He grits his teeth nervously and holds the phone out towards Ferris. \"You do it!\" Already angry, Ferris waves his arms and points to Cameron. \"Talk!\" he orders. \"You!\" \"Talk!\" \"You!\" \"Talk!\" \"Come on!\" \"Oh, for fuck's sake!\" I say, throwing my hands up. I gather the greatest rasp in my voice and snatch the phone from Cameron. \"Is this Edward Rooney?\" \"Yes, yes,\" he replies. Christ, he sounds more unnerved than Cameron. How is that possible? \"Is this Mrs. Peterson?\" A short sniffle. \"This is she.\" \"Mrs. Peterson, I—I know that you've heard of my...outburst. And, I am so, so, so sorry.\" \"You should be!\" I shriek. \"Is your mother still alive, Mr. Rooney?\" \"Uh, y—yes, alive and very well.\" \"I'm glad, I pray for her health. But, how would you feel if I asked you to conga, waltz and tango her dead body over to my house?\" \"I'd feel—\" \"You'd feel angry and offended! Right? Angry and offended and hurt and—\" I let out a pained wail and sob violently into the mouthpiece, my own mock weeping crunching in the receiver. I look at Cameron and gesture him to the telephone with my head, never letting go of my lost composure for one moment. Cameron takes the phone from my hand. \"I think that's enough, dear,\" he says, his slightly guttural voice losing its throatiness. \"Let go of the phone, honey.\" \"That bastard! How dare he?\" I shout, mock weeping and walking over to Ferris' fridge to check for juice boxes. No luck. All I find is an opened carton of carrot juice with the lapels folded and creased against the sides. Cameron clears his throat and puts his mouth to the phone again. \"Look what you've done, Rooney. You've angered me and upset my wife. She's in tears and wailing for Christ's sake!\" I think that's my cue for another ear-piercing shriek. I grip the marble island and release the most pointed, pained scream I can manage and pretend to dissolve in my own tears when all I really want is a damn juice box. \"I've changed my mind! I want you out in front of the school with her! I'd like to have a few words with you, by God!\" Ferris slaps Cameron in the face and the phone jumps out of his pining hands. He winces and the telephone cracks against the linoleum tiling of the kitchen floor. Both boys scramble to reach the phone, but it is Cameron who snatches it and clears his throat against the mouthpiece. \"On second though, I don't have time to talk. We'll get together soon and have lunch!\" Ferris kicks Cameron in the butt just as the phone is hung on the wall. He rubs his backside and narrows his eyes at Ferris. \"Why'd you kick me?\" \"Where's your brain?\" \"Why'd you kick me?\" \"Where's your brain?\" \"Where are the damn juice boxes?\" I mutter, positioned with my knees braced on the counter, pillaging the cabinets. \"Why'd you kick me?\" \"Where's your brain?\" \"I asked you first.\" Ferris sighs, \"How can we pick up Sloane if Rooney is there with her?\" By now, I've settled for a bottle of lukewarm soda pop. \"Ferris has got a point,\" I say, pointing the neck of the bottle at Ferris. \"Thank you!\" Cameron shoots both of us a defeated look. \"I said for her to be there alone and you freaked!\" \"Oh,\" I drawl, leveling the collar of the bottle in Cameron's direction. \"Cam's got a point too.\" \"Hey!\" I put my hands up defensively. \"I calls 'em like I sees 'em.\" Ferris slaps his forehead. \"My, God, you're so stupid!\" \"Remember who you're talking to, Bueller,\" I warn, grip tightening on the bottle. He rolls his eyes at me. \"Not you!\" Ferris paces the kitchen floor with his hand against his forehead. I find amusement in his nervous stature; I can even hear the anxiety in the clacking of his loafers. \"I didn't hit you, I lightly slapped you.\" \"You hit me,\" Cameron replies. It sounds a bit childish. If I was Cameron Frye, I would've put an end to Ferris Bueller forever. \"Don't ask me to participate in your stupid crap if you don't like the way I do it!\" Ferris seems incredulous at the moment, as if he's contemplating slapping Cameron again. Cameron sighs and runs a hand through his hair. \"You make me get out of bed, you make me come over here—\" Goddamnit, Ferris. Why'd you get him so riled up? \"You make me make a phony phone call to Edward Rooney?\" he asks. \"That man could squash my nuts into oblivion. And—and—and then, and then, you deliberately hurt my feelings.\" \"I didn't deliberately hurt your feelings,\" replies Ferris. \"Oh, really?\" \"Really, really. No, I didn't.\" I thought shrapnel only came out of his ass, but the way that he glares at Ferris leads me to believe otherwise. Even I have to scoot further down the counter because if looks could kill, Ferris Bueller would surely be lying with Sloane's grandmother right now. \"Okay,\" Cameron says, starting on his way out of the kitchen. I don't realize that I'm still wearing his jersey until he reaches the den. \"Where are you going? What are you doing?\" \"Bye, Wendy. Ferris, see you later, pal. I'm going home, have a nice life.\" I shoot Ferris a fierce glare and gesture to Cameron with my bottle. \"Fix it!\" I whisper, my tone almost acidic. \"Cameron, wait a minute! Cameron!\" Cameron turns around, stopped at the aperture in the kitchen. \"I didn't mean to lose my temper, I'm sorry. That was uncalled for.\" \"You serious?\" \"Yeah.\" He pushes a mug of some swarthy fluid across the island to Cameron, who grateful takes a pull from the ceramic cup. Ah, my boys. Those two can never be mad at each other for more than ten minutes. I, on the other hand, have no problem holding malice in my heart for an eternity and than some. \"You did screw up, though. Right?\" God, Ferris, shut the hell up. \"Not that it was completely your fault. Although, Wendy did bring the shovel to dig you out of that hole.\" I throw my head back and cast my arms into the air. \"Wendy, with the assist!\" \"To fix the situation, I'm going to have to ask you for a favor...\"[Chapter 3] So sorry! I was busy busy busy with college stuff. So far, I've gotten into 7 of my 9 schools! Just waiting to here from 2 more. Anyway, I realized that I lose interest in stories very quickly and that's what is happening here. I'm trying so hard to continue this story, but I have no drive. So, you have been forewarned that this story is very likely to be discontinued. \"The Ferrari GT California.\" The glass doors of Cameron's garage fold into the frame, a steady hum sounding before a sharp click and a thump as the glass settles in its opened position. Ferris, Cameron and I gaze upon the beauty that is the scarlet red Ferrari GT California. Why someone would own such a fucking awesome car and not drive it is miles and light years beyond my comprehension. If it were mine, I would pull up in the school parking lot every morning with the most insolent, smug grin on my face. But, alas, I have to settle for my piece of crap, duct-taped 1974 Volkswagen Rabbit. Runs like a gem, but is one hell of an eyesore. \"Less than one hundred were made,\" Cameron says. Wow, I forgot that him and Ferris were even here. Suppose I got lost in a daydream where I'm riding in the Ferrari with one hand on the wheel and the wind running through my hair like gentle, slow-moving fingers. Ferris can be there, and Cameron too. My only condition is that Ferris' mouth has to be shut with sutures or Cameron has to sit in the passenger seat because Ferris talks a lot during car rides and I would surely pull the car over to kick him out into desolate wasteland. Cameron's eyes dull for a moment. \"My father spent three years restoring this car.\" Ha. Some father. I've met the guy all of five times in the last seven years that I've known Cameron. Each time, he's glowering at me through the lenses of his wire-rimmed glasses or impolitely greeting me on his way out of the door. Most times, I say nothing and brush it off like a normal person, but one time, I did call out some coarse language behind him (much to Cameron's dismay and constant protests to silence me). To this day, I'm still not sure if he heard me. Cameron's mother is a different novel entirely. She's the sweetest woman that you'll ever meet, but she's always on her way to somewhere that isn't home. It's a shame, kind of. I've met her plenty of times in seven years because she actually loves me. Like, fierce, fiery, daughterly affection. I think it's because, secretly, she's always wanted a girl. So, I'm like her little million-shades-of-brown-haired dream come true. She thinks that Cameron and I should get married too, to which I always stretch my arm around the length of her angular shoulders and say \"I like the way you think, Marie,\" and smile at a folly red Cameron. When she is around, she's always making me tea and cucumber sandwiches with this savory yet sweet dressing dabbed in the middle. They're wonderful. I think I'd have one hand on the wheel and one hand holding a server with a mountain of Mrs. Frye's cucumber sandwiches piled atop one another in my daydream. \"It is his love. It is his passion.\" Shit, Cameron, you talk too much. Exit stage left out of my daydream, thank you. \"It is his fault he didn't lock the garage,\" Ferris says, starting in a course for the red beauty. Cameron, dumbfounded, looks at Ferris with slightly glossy, rallied eyes. \"Ferris, what are you talking about? My father loves this car more than life itself.\" True. His father would rather spend time catering to the Ferrari's bullshit needs than spend time with Cameron. Ferris grunts, \"A man with such priorities doesn't deserve such a fine automobile.\" True. True. \"No. Apparently you don't understand. He never drives it, he just rubs it with a diaper.\" Like I said, for its bullshit needs. \"I'm gonna have to go with our favorite, resident hypochondriac on this one, Ferris,\" I say, earning a pointed, fixed glare from Cameron. \"Love ya, Cam.\" I stand on the tips of my toes and press a quick kiss to his cheek before he can object. A light blush flourishes across his cheeks as if dusted gently on his skin. Ferris rolls his eyes and heaves a long sigh. \"C'mon! You two are no fun!\" \"I'm a house party full of fun, Ferris Bueller. It's just that I'd hate to take this car out for a joyride, fuck it up, then have Larry Frye run me over with whatever remains of this beauty,\" I reply, walking up to the Ferrari and moving my hand towards the vast red plane as if to touch it. But the thought of Cameron's father almost, actually... completely frightens me, so I recoil my hand and hold my fingers as if I have been burned. \"Lawrence Frye,\" corrects Cameron. \"Larry, Lacy, Latimer, whatever. Same thing. He's never actually introduced himself to me, so I don't care.\" Cameron disregards me like always and turns back to face Ferris, who has just finished running his finger along the extent of the vehicle. \"Remember how insane he went when I broke my retainer? C'mon,\" he says, stuttering slightly. \"That was a piece of plastic. This is a Ferrari.\" \"We can't pick up Sloane in your car,\" Ferris answers, gesturing toward Cameron's car in the drive. \"Mr. Rooney would never believe Mr. Peterson drives that piece of shit. \"Oh,\" I drawl jeeringly, covering my mouth with one hand. \"Need ice for that burn?\" Cameron shoots me a quick, irritated look. \"Hey,\" I say, my hands shooting up defensively. \"He said it!\" The look is a bit more acute this time around and a scowl locks his jaw into place. \"Are you glaring at me? Seriously, I can't see your eyebrows through that hair.\" Ferris is now on the receiving end of his scowl. \"It's not a piece of shit.\" Cameron stands next to me and wipes a small smudge off of the car with saliva and the pad of his thumb. \"It is.\" A beat and another glare. \"Don't worry, I don't even have a piece of shit. I have to envy yours.\" \"What about my piece of shit?\" \"You can't even call that thing a piece of shit, that's selfish.\" I lightly slap Cameron on his bicep and point at him. \"I told you! Shittier tenfold!\" Ferris pats Cameron on the shoulder and looks into his eyes. \"I'm sorry, there's nothing else we can do.\" He turns away from Cameron and braces himself against the car door. \"He knows the mileage.\" \"He doesn't trust you?\" Cameron grunts, an apathetic grin pulling at his lips. \"Never has, never will.\" Ferris slings his arm around Cameron's shoulder. \"This is real simple. Whatever miles we put on, we'll take off. We'll drive home backwards.\" I would smack the back of his head, but I fear I might damage the only brain cells he has left. He's an asshole and irritates me to my wit's end, but, contrary to popular belief and my own word of mouth, he's my friend and I love the guy. So, I can't let that happen. \"How did you even make it to the twelfth grade, Ferris?\" Well, I didn't say that I wasn't going to insult him. Those won't harm his brain cells. If they did, Ferris Bueller would be Ferris Broccoli, sitting in the hospital as a vegetable inside his own head or something. \"No, no, Ferris. Forget it. I'm putting my foot down.\" Ferris hops into the car, plopping his bottom down in the driver's seat. He revs the engine and relishes in its smooth, low rumble of twelve roaring cylinders, shifting the gear into drive. I step back into Cameron's chest to avoid getting my delicate little toes ran over. \"How about we rent a nice Cadillac? My treat!\" Ferris has already pulled out of the garage and out of view. \"We could call a limo! A nice stretch job with a TV and a bar!\" The Ferrari backs into view again with Ferris waving us over. \"You guys coming or what?\" Cameron and I share a look before heading for the car. \"Forgive me Mother Halifax, for I have sinned...\" I say, hopping into the car with Cameron's help. God, damn Ferris Bueller to the profoundness of Hell wearing a combustible rayon sweater. I shift beneath the car's collapsed covering into an equally as uncomfortable spot over a slightly hard, risen plane. I can tell that Cameron is uneasy in his Red Wings jersey, his face completely turned away from mine and facing the small opening slit in the cover. This situation must be extremely awkward for him considering that he doesn't really like being this close to girls. Even if this Ferrari came equipped with five seats, Ferris would have surely stuck us together in the trunk. Which is why I hate him. Boy oh boy, it sure is hot under here. This must be really bad for Cameron. I mean, it may be an extremely awkward and tight squeeze, but this is actually kinda sorta almost great for me. You see, I will never let anyone know this, but I've actually kinda sorta almost got an enormous, completely juvenile school girl crush on, yes, goofy, awkward, lanky Cameron Frye. Having trouble understanding? Me too. Confusion has tickled me some damn resonant shade of bright pink for the last seven yea—Shit. I wasn't supposed to let that part slip. Well, now that you know, yes, seven long, grueling years of secretly hitting on him and seven years of him being a paranoid, unreactive lump of coal. I mean, why else would I be so touchy-feely with the boy? You think anyone would be all over Cameron if they didn't have feelings for him? Actually... don't answer that question. \"Uh, Wen? Your hand.\" \"Maybe it's intentional.\" \"Wen,\" Cameron says in a cautionary tone. \"Fine.\" I move my hand from his like told and frown. See what I mean? Always trying and always failing. Seriously, Cameron Frye is the most oblivious, confused boy in the entire universe. But, I suppose I can't blame it all on him. If I didn't joke with him so much about marriage and stupid stuff, he might actually respond to my incessant advances. The car stops short and I almost roll out from beneath the collapsed covering, but I bundle a wad of Cameron's rumpled jersey in my fist. This stops me from rolling out, but somehow, someway, pulls Cameron's head down into my throat, crushing my windpipe. I frantically swat my hands on his head, his chest and his arms, trying to push him from me. \"Shit!\" he whispers, moving to fix his position. \"I'm so sorry, Wen!\" Cameron says once he manages to get off of me. \"My—fault—I—pull—pulled you—down,\" I weaze. \"I hate—hate—Ferris.\" I finally right myself, struggling to catch my breath and recover from my crumpled windpipe. Cameron chuckles quietly, \"Doesn't everyone?\" \"I heard that,\" Ferris says. He opens the door and exits the car, walking to the opposite side of the vehicle to wait for Sloane. That means Cameron and I are alone. Alone with approximately one minute and fifteen seconds. Alone in a place where he can't run away for fear of punishment from Rooney for cutting class. Alone in a place where he can't avoid me. This is actually the perfect moment. God, I take back what I said about Ferris. He can have a little spot beside you on a gilded rostrum where angels are nice and feed him perfectly ripe fruits. \"Well, this is awkward,\" Cameron drawls. \"It's only awkward when you make it awkward,\" I sing-song. Our positions are both physically uncomfortable, so we shift so that we're leaning on our hands and knees facing each other. That's worse. I find that Cameron is absolutely right, now this is awkward. \"It's dark under here. Can't see your handsome face.\" \"Really, Wen? In here?\" he shrieks/whispers/croaks. \"Would you rather it be somewhere else?\" The tone of my voice is sly and mischievous, the smirk on my face obscured by the darkness. Honestly though, why do I even try with this boy? \"Time, date and place. Your house? My house?\" I drawl. There's the clicking of heels on bitumen and Ferris says something to Sloane that I can't really hear. That means that Cameron and I will have to come out soon and I will have missed my golden opportunity. This has to be the moment. No chickening out now. Pull on those seasoned big girl pants and just go for it. Swiftly, I lean forward and press my lips to Cameron's. Damn. Now that our mouths are touching, I realize that I probably should have chickened out when I pushed halfway in. I can feel him tense around his mouth and mine, uncomfortably taking in that tempest of malaise which returns stronger and louder than before. I retract slowly, fearing a quick withdrawal will make him think that what I've done was a mistake. He doesn't say anything. I can see his jaw unhinge slightly, mouth hanging agape in surprise. Seven years of waiting and that's all I get from him? Would've been better off kissing a horse or Ferris Bueller for fuck's sake, at least they'd react. Both doors open and slam shut. \"Hi, Cameron, Wendy. Are you comfortable back there?\" \"H—hi, Sloane,\" Cameron stutters. I can actually see his wide eyes through the dissipating darkness. \"No.\" I shrug nonchalantly. \"I'm great, Sloane. Thanks for asking.\" I smile and look to Cameron, knowing that he can see me now that the car has started to move and the vehicle's collapsed covering flaps in the wind. I'm trying to maintain my composure, but my head is actually spinning.[Chapter 4] Surprised? So am I, believe me. I guess I hadn't realized how many people actually liked this story. I appreciate the reviews and hope that they'll continue to come even when I feel like continuing this story was a bad idea. Also, feel free to offer suggestions or minor scenarios. I'm sticking to the plot line, but I'll see if I can work something into the story. Anyway, enjoy! With his fifty pound lead foot, Ferris steps on the gas and sends the car rocketing forward onto the road. Cameron, with his jaw still suspended in surprise or stupor (shit, I really hope it's the latter), refuses to look at me. I roll my eyes away from him and adjust my back against the side of the car. The collapsed covering flaps over our heads in the breeze, growing louder as the Ferrari picks up speed. I feel the tremble of all twelve cylinders beneath me like a massage chair suddenly changed to its highest setting. \"It's safe now!\" shouts Ferris over the feral winds and unforgiving speeds reached by the car. I chance a peek in Cameron's direction before pushing upward against the collapsed covering, freeing myself from the darkness of concealment. The wind whips my hair into a tornado of mahogany and burnt sienna. Through the storm of brown, I see that Cameron has finally come out from beneath the leather slip. \"I'm sure that it was safe five minutes ago!\" I dig into my sling bag with its blackened fringe and pull out a pair of wayfarers, slipping them over my burning eyes. \"I was waiting for the signal, jackass!\" \"I gave you the signal! I had to make sure that we weren't being followed!\" I scoff, though, it sounds just like another beat of the wind. \"This isn't James Bond! We're high school kids, idiot! I think Rooney's got better things to do with his time!\" \"Then you obviously don't know Edward Rooney!\" Ferris shouts. \"Of course I do! He bought me Chinese take-out once!\" I laugh. \"I told you, the man loves me!\" Ferris shoots me a glance in the rear view mirror. \"Oh, really?\" He lifts his sunglasses for a moment to obnoxiously wiggle his eyebrows and wink at me. I lean forward from my place on the curvature at the back of the Ferrari to slap him on his head. I'm willing to risk the loss of a few of his brain cells for that. \"You fucker,\" I say. \"We're no longer on speaking terms.\" Sloane giggles, \"Don't rough him up too bad, Wendy.\" \"No promises.\" \"Hey, Cam?\" Ferris shouts, turning slightly in the driver's seat. \"Cam? Bud? You all right back there?\" Cameron shakes himself out of his thoughts and looks up to meet the corner of Ferris' eye. \"Yeah, I—I'm fine. Why? Do I look okay?\" I look at Cameron because he can't tell what direction my pointed gaze is in. He looks like... how a weird milkshake would look if you mixed too many countering ingredients together. He's an odd combination of flustered, nauseous and washy. Mostly because his skin seems to lack its normally fair tone. \"A little pale. But, other than that, ya look great, baby !\" Ferris drawls in his best, warbling impression of an Italian, French or Russian accent. Could have been Italian, but I heard the intentional sound of the collection of saliva somewhere in his mouth. If I didn't know any better, I would say that it looks like Cameron might jump ship. His hands are braced against the brilliant red of the Ferrari, blanched knuckles clutching the shiny metal exterior. His eyes remain trained on the road ahead, or... the top of Sloane's head? I can't really tell through the darkened lenses of my sunglasses. He looks at me for a moment, I think, hoping that I was looking everywhere but at him. Well, Mr. Cameron Frye, you're out of luck. I look at him and leave a large, creeping smile at the corner of my mouth which, in some weird way, I can still feel his lips on. Oh, those perfect, unresponsive lips of his. I could relish in their fucking dormancy all day long. Just kidding. He notes the sparkle of the sun on my glasses and the smirk on my lips, immediately turning to look away. I really, really wish that he would just give it to me straight. Are you okay? Do you like me? Was it okay? Did you like it? The answer to all of those questions probably being a big, fat, blazing 'no'. \"Wen? Wendy? You all right in that screwed up head of yours?\" \"What?\" I ask, registering his question just as a response tumbles out of my mouth. \"Hey!\" Sloane turns around in her seat, running her dainty little fingers through her hair. \"Ferris has called your name for a while.\" She looks at Cameron, then at me again. \"Are you sure that the both of you are feeling okay? Ferris could turn around if—\" \"No! I'm not turning around for anyone!\" shouts Ferris. \"Besides, we're already downtown!\" I look up to see that we are, in fact, in downtown Chicago. The buildings are all tall (but, never the same size, I find) and their glass windows glitter in the beating sun. There are people honking their car horns and people talking and people screaming and woman's heels click click clacking on bitumen to cross the road. It's a noisy place to be at 10:30 in the morning. Actually, it's a noisy place to be at any time of the day. The car jerks to a stop at a traffic light. I fall off the curvature of metal and onto the back of Ferris' seat whereas Cameron just steadies himself with his hands already gripped to the edge of the Ferrari. I smack my forehead against the back of Ferris' head and wilt helplessly on the floor of the car. \"Ow!\" howls Ferris. \"Uh,\" I mutter, drawing out the syllable. Cameron's hand sheepishly reaching out to me in the beacon of light is almost like magic. Gratefully, I take it into my own and use it to pull myself back up to where I was sitting. Using the harder part of the collapsed covering, I fix myself against the inflection at the backseat of the Ferrari. \"Are you okay?\" he asks. \"Yeah,\" I reply, rubbing my head. \"But, shit , that hurt.\" \"I can imagine,\" he chuckles. \"Geez, Wendy! What have you got in that head?\" Ferris asks, massaging the crown of his head, Sloane guiding his hand over sore spots. \"A brain! Something you don't have!\" I shout, kneading the throbbing pain in my skull. \"Learn how to drive a car, Ferris!\" \"Calm down, you two,\" says Sloane. \"It was only an accident.\" The light turns green and Ferris takes off very, very slowly from the car's place in front of the traffic light. The breeze is gentle-moving against my face. I move my sunglasses to the top of my head, pushing my hair back and out of my face. \"Ouch,\" I mumble, pressing the painful circle on my forehead. \"Is it bad?\" Cameron leans in slightly, his eyes thoroughly examining wound. \"There's a bump forming.\" Tentatively—and like he suddenly remembers that I just tried to suck his face off—he puts his hands on my head and presses the good skin around the bump. I don't realize until now that he's actually talking to me and looking at me and touching me. God. This is awesome. I roll my eyes. \"Great. I'm sure that that looks very pretty, huh?\" \"It's fine, Wen. It's really small,\" he replies. \"You're lying.\" \"Go ahead and check it out for yourself!\" I don't find a compact mirror in the folds of my sling bag, so I lean into the front seat and tilt the rear view mirror to face me. Ferris angrily swats my mane out of his face, complaining about how he can't see through my \"dumb Halifax locks.\" Sloane bundles tendrils of my hair and makes a mustache across the top of her lip, giggling and turning to Ferris. Her eyebrows knit together and she pulls on the most quizzical, mystified face I have ever seen. Well, Cameron didn't lie. The bump is at the top of my temple, very red and measures at about the size of a copper penny. It has grown tender, so I grab a wad of hair from behind the sunglasses and drape it down to cover the lump on my forehead. That will have to do until I can get some ice onto it. Ferris stops softly at the next light, a blessing to me. A car horn sounds from beside us, to which we all look over at two men—actually, not men, downtown boys, I think—in a blue convertible. Both have grins about a mile wide stained on their faces. The one in the passenger seat gives me the okay sign with his hand and winks. \"Can I help you, gentlemen?\" asks Ferris. They chuckle heartily. \"Your girl's got a nice ass!\" says the one in the driver's seat. Come again? \"I know,\" Ferris laughs. \"I myself find it quite great. Although, I'm not one for sharing if that's what you were implying.\" He reaches up jokingly and I quickly catch his hand in my grasp. \"Not on your fucking life, honey ,\" I whisper through slightly gritted teeth. Ferris chuckles and points to me, shaking his head. \"Women and their modesty.\" \"Keep it up, Ferris,\" I hiss. \"I'll show you modesty .\" I'm thankful for the green light, threatening Ferris with a good clobbering if he doesn't make the right turn onto the next street. Believe it or not, Sloane is actually laughing. She knows that Ferris and I always joke around with each other and nothing will ever, in one million and seven years, happen between us. When I settle back into my seat beside Cameron, I notice that his face is the color of the Ferrari. Then I come to the realization that my butt has moved about in his face the entire time. Well, I hope he liked it as much as those downtown boys did. \"Ah, here we are!\" Ferris pulls the car into a parking garage after a few minutes of mindlessly driving around the downtown area. \"Wrong,\" Cameron says. Ferris stops the car, shifts it into park and cuts the engine. \"What?\" \"Not here,\" Cameron replies. \"We're not leaving the car here.\" Sloane and Ferris exit the Ferrari. Ferris holds out his hand for me, I take it and hop over the edge of the car and onto the concrete. I can't even begin to explain how wonderful it feels to be steadied on the unmoving plane of asphalt and not in the car with Ferris driving. Sighing, Cameron helps himself over and out of the red mass. \"Why not?\" asks Ferris. \"I want the car home where it belongs,\" he answers. \"Well, we're already here,\" I say, hoping to offer some relief. \"We survived the ride down. It's not gonna be worth it if we go home now.\" Ferris stretches his arm across the length of my shoulder and pulls me in close. \"Thanks, Wen. You always have my back.\" I punch him hard in the side and glare pointedly through the long, billowing waves covering the lump on my forehead. \"You \"find it quite great\" and \"you're not one for sharing\"? Women and their modesty , Ferris? Ha! More like men and their density ! You're a prick.\" \"What? Those guys seemed to find me very entertaining!\" \"No! Fucking Caddyshack is entertaining. You are not.\" \"Wendy? What's up with you today? Mother Nature reign down her red hand a little too soon?\" I scowl, narrowing my eyes to cautious slits. That may have been funny if it wasn't true. \" Next time , trying standing up for your best friend rather than exploiting me like I'm your little bitch.\" I'm so angry that I don't even feel Cameron's hands on my arms, pulling me back from a fight with Ferris. \"Oh, dear,\" whispers Sloane. She grabs me gently by the forearm and leads me away from the boys and a brewing argument. Her hands find my face and she brushes away a stray strand of ochre with her dainty fingers. \"Are you feeling well, Wendy? I'm worried about you.\" \"Do you see how he treats me, Sloane. I'm not a piece of meat!\" \"It'll be all right, Wen.\" I scoff, \"Yeah. It'll be all right until it's you, Sloane.\" Her eyes soften slightly and I realize that getting angry with her isn't going to help anything or anyone. I roll my eyes. \"I'm sorry. I'm fine, Sloane. I'll be fine.\" \"Are you sure? We could always ditch the boys and make a girls day out of this...\" she teases. It sounds tempting. The Lord knows that I am in need of a girl's day out. Shopping, eating, getting our hair done at some fancy place that will have one person painting your fingernails while the other massages your feet and someone else does your toenails... Actually, does a place like that even exist? \"No, it's okay. I'm okay.\" Just a little lovestruck. \"Promise?\" \"Pinky.\" She raises an eyebrow suspiciously. I quickly kiss her forehead and it's almost as if I have rid her of any and all misgivings. Sloane is a great friend. She's very easy-going and tender with a gentility that I am not ashamed to admit that I furiously envy. Her being a year younger doesn't even take away from her knowledge of life and love. I quickly took to her when her and Ferris began dating. Although, I still question her taste in men. \"Come on, ladies,\" says Ferris. He grabs Sloane's hand and gives it a gentle tug. \"Not yet,\" she says, gesturing toward me with her empty hand. Ferris heaves a sigh and looks at me. \"I'm sorry. Okay? I know that you hate when people do that kind of stuff.\" I cross my arms over my chest and tightly purse my lips. \"I was only kidding. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.\" \"And Wendy?\" \"What the hell do you mean and Wendy ?\" I ask. Sloane pulls on a serious face and gestures back to Ferris. \"I'll have an invisible apology letter sent to your house by 7:40 tomorrow.\" \"Wen,\" Sloane says, her tone cautionary. I sigh, uncrossing my arms. \"I'm sorry.\" It almost pains me to say it back to him. When I know that I've wronged someone, I'll apologize. But, what have I got to be sorry for? All I did was call him some names, nothing out of the ordinary to see here. \"I didn't mean it when I called you boring and stupid.\" The apology sounds so trivial and stale, but it seems to please Sloane so I really don't care. \"Thank you,\" he replies, smiling with his entire dentition. \"Can we get going now?\" I ask, already annoyed. I pull the wayfarers onto my eyes even though there is no sunlight in the parking garage and run a hand through my hair. I notice everyone looking at me with leery eyes. \"What?\" \"She's pissed,\" says Ferris. \"No, I'm annoyed.\" I wave off everyone's concern (or fear) and roll my eyes. \"Can we just get out of here, please? I'm done arguing.\" \"Fine by me.\" Ferris shrugs nonchalantly and whisks Sloane away from the parking garage. Cameron and I lag a few steps behind the happy couple. I admire the tall buildings all around and excuse myself as I nearly collide with a short woman and a stroller, no baby though. Hm, I wonder where she's going. I wonder where all of these people are going. Everywhere but home, I'll bet, like Cameron's mom, Marie. Then this sudden wave of nausea washes over me like a weird, uncomfortable, suffocating sea swell. \"Hey, Wen?\" \"Yeah?\" \"You sure you're all right?\" \"You're great, Cam, but you worry too much.\" Silence. Probably shouldn't have said that. \"You think the car's all right?\" \"I think the car's fine, Cam.\" He shoves his hands into his pockets and pulls on that wary, worried, beautiful Cameron Frye face of his. You know, the one where his features all wipe away like pages ripped from an easel. His brow dips ever so slightly over his eyes and sometimes he'll even run a hand through his hair. God, how I love that. We walk side-by-side and it's tempting to slide my hand into his. I almost do, but instead, I push my hands into my own pockets and finger a mound of lint attached to the stitching. \"You—you're sure about that?\" He's looking down at his shoes and his hair falls into his eyes. \"Huh?\" I ask, ripped from my train of thought. \"The car. You're sure that it's safe?\" \"Positive.\" Wendy (Louise) Halifax: Fat-assed, irritable, 18-years-old, friend-zoned by a Ferrari.[Chapter 5] Hey! As you have probably figured out, I have decided to continue this story! Thank you so much to every single reviewer! You are all really dedicated to this story, so I wanted to give you all another chapter before the year ends in my time zone! Cheers to a happy happy new year for everyone! \"This is the world's tallest building,\" says Ferris. I bag my wayfarers and shove my hands into the pockets of my wine red shorts. Standing beside Cameron on the top floor of this building, I feel tiny. But, a one foot difference in our heights means absolutely nothing while on the observation deck of a 1451-foot building. Thinking about it now, I feel very tiny, very insecure and very nauseated; as if the world could swallow me up in one casual gulp of flat white and a soggy blueberry scone. As if by reflex, I inch closer to Cameron. He doesn't seem to notice the proximity of our bodies, or, anyone on the entire observation deck for that matter. His hands tremble in the slightest and his skin looks white and washy again, an almost noticeable green tint running along his jaw line. I find it appropriate to pat the back of his hand as a general gesture of comfort—or to stop him from vomiting on himself—to lighten his malaise. I'm surprised when he immediately covers my entire hand with his. Reflex, I figure. \"I don't feel too good,\" he says. I can tell. His hands are cold and clammy in mine. \"You don't look too good, bud,\" I reply. Cameron's head turns on its slow, robotic swivel to face me. \"I didn't mean it like that. You'd look great if not for that green around your gills...\" For some reason, his eyes never leave mine. Normally, I'd be ecstatic. What? Beautiful Cameron Frye eyes making contact with mine? Don't tell me you're not blushing while you think about it. But, they're empty, boring into my face with their nullity. I can't tell if he's preoccupied with his thoughts. I can't tell if he's scared. I can't tell if he hates being here. I can't tell if my hair just looks really weird. But, they're unsettling. I wish that he'd stop staring at me long enough for me to look away from his eyes without it lapsing into some sort of clumsy moment. I pantomime the chain width of a zipper on my lips, tugging the pull tab to completely close my mouth. I twist off at the end and pocket the imaginary key next to the mounds of rolled lint in my shorts. Cameron cracks a shadow of a smile. Shit, it's better than those creepy, bottomless eyes he was giving me. \"Here, climb up on this,\" Ferris calls behind him. Ferris, along with Sloane, climbs the risen edge along the window, holding the handrail for support. \"Come on, everybody.\" He motions toward the window with an upturned palm. \"Cam, Wendy, come on!\" Hesitantly, I follow Cameron to the large windows. He mounts the ledge beside Sloane and clucking-chicken Wendy almost backs out, quietly backpedaling away from my friends on my toes. Ferris turns back and gives me a cautionary look, motioning toward the rim with his head. Sighing, I quickly climb up next to Cameron and steady myself with the railing. \"Okay, now that all of our beautiful baby chicks have hatched—\" Ferris says, shooting me a disappointed look. I look down at my hands braced against the railing. \"Bock, bock,\" I mutter. \"—lean forward against the glass, like this.\" We all mimic Ferris' movement. I put my forehead against the cool glass of the window, staring down at all the busy busy people bustling about the streets below. They all look so tiny, so much more tinier than Sloane or I, so much more tinier than I feel. My stomach churns like a washing machine, bucking against my insides and bubbling white-hot pain through my midsection. An acidic taste arises in my mouth and I have to hold the back of my hand against my lips to stop from vomiting. Cameron would definitely have something to say about my filthy shit-lips then. \"Oh my God!\" Cameron whispers. \"Isn't that great?\" asks Ferris. Shut it, Ferris. My inner voice coaxing me away from regurgitation is the only thing keeping me calm at the moment and Ferris is ruining it for me. I'd really hate to see those pancakes from breakfast come back up in front of my friends and a whole bunch of strangers. \"The city looks so peaceful from up here,\" remarks Sloane. I think I witness a purse snatching. Some peaceful city. \"Anything is peaceful from one thousand three hundred and fifty-three feet.\" I squish a group of people between my thumb and pointer finger. \"Everyone looks like ants.\" There's a short, almost graceful silence shared between the four of us. Ferris looks like he's counting skyscrapers or something, his brow furrowed in concentration. Sloane stares at the world below like it's a different world entirely, taking in the people, the roads, the cars and the buildings with new-found adoration. I'd find it amusing if I wasn't moments away from staining the glass with acrid stomach juice. My mouth suddenly tastes bitter. Cameron just stares below with the same greenish tint on his face. \"I think I see my dad.\" Ferris grunts quietly, stepping off of the ledge and pulling Sloane down with him. He walks to my spot and helps me down from the rim of the window and the sky and the world. I'm so happy to be down that I almost jump into his arms and kiss his face, but refrain myself because 1) that would be really gross and 2) it's Ferris Bueller we're talking about. \"We've got a lot to do. Let's go,\" he demands. But, Cameron doesn't move. He clutches the railing and watches the ant-people down below. \"Shit! The son of a bitch is down there somewhere...\" he whispers. I tap his back. \"Cam, we're leaving now.\" He turns around to look me in the eyes. Great! Here we fucking go again with this! I hold my hand out for him, not wanting to be sucked into those abysmal eyes again. \"Come on, Cam. Wouldn't want our friend Ferris to get his pretty panties in a bunch.\" He looks down at my hand, then grabs it to step down from the ledge. I wish I knew what he was thinking. The elevator is packed with mothers and fathers and their children. I'm crushed between Ferris and a man with curtained hair and a carded wool shirt pulled over his delicate, stick-like frame. He's a good foot and a half taller than me in his tanker boots, looking down on me from what feels like millions of miles above. All of a sudden, I feel tiny again. I feel in it my toes and my fingers and my stomach. I think that Ferris feels my discomfort because he switches places with me, much to the dismay and convenience of every other elevator inhabitant. He grins devilishly at me. A familiar grin that I know the meaning of: I'll have to pay him back for this later. \"Shit,\" I whisper. \"You're a selfish bastard.\" He chuckles quietly to himself. \"Thanks.\" The elevator lurches and vomits some strangers onto the 54th floor. Yes, all I can think about is the movement in my stirring, paper-thin, washing machine stomach. The doors close and we continue on our descent in the metal death trap. Okay, so I'm also not too keen on elevator rides either. In short, I hate heights and closed spaces and vicinity and— \"Ferris?\" \"Yeah?\" \"You're stepping on my foot.\" I can't even look at him when I say it. I just keep my eyes on the back of some woman's chignon bun and think the happiest thoughts that I can manage. My voice doesn't sound like mine. It's small and mousy and sounds like I'm struggling to hold back a torrent of tears with brickwork eyes. He moves his foot and continues his conversation with the curtain-haired fellow beside him. They go on about the city and the view and the baseball game supposedly going on in a few hours. His poise and composure make me extremely envious. The elevator doors ping on the first floor and, with the most elegance I can manage, I begin my exit from the death trap. Cameron and Ferris join the exiting crowd when Sloane yells, \"Oh! I can't find my sunglasses! I must have left them at the observation deck!\" \"Well, we'll get you a new pair,\" says Ferris, moving out of the way of other exiting passengers. \"Ferris...\" \"Sloane...\" he replies in a tone as convincing as hers. Before I realize what's going on, the doors are closing and the elevator ascends. My eyes widen and I turn to see Sloane beside me, eyes averted toward the control station near the doors. She grins slyly, tapping her feet against the floor and humming to herself. We're the only ones in the elevator. \"Did you just close the doors on Ferris?\" I ask, wanting to laugh, but fearing a massive upchuck. Ping. Sloane hits the 'close doors' button before anyone else can get into the elevator. \"Sloane?\" She turns to me with a smile on her face. Her voice is as sweet as sugar when she opens her mouth to speak. \"I think I know why you're acting so funny, Wen.\" My eyes widen to saucers. \"What?\" \"I saw the glimmer of your lip gloss at the corner of his mouth.\" \"You did?\" She nods. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit! Fucking hell fucking Cameron why the hell didn't you wipe your goddamn mouth off, shithead? God, what a dumbass. If Sloane figured it out, that must mean that Ferris has as well. Because, let's face it, Ferris Bueller knows me like he knows Ed Rooney's bathroom schedule. Sounds weird, but it's when Ferris pulls off most of his tomfoolery. \"I can safely assume that you like him, right?\" Ping. Sloane taps on the 'close doors' button as continuously as she taps her foot on the floor. \"Wait a minute. Am I being interrogated?\" She nods. \"By you?\" She nods. \"In an elevator?\" She nods. I laugh, then I laugh again, only it's slightly choked. I hold the back of my hand to my forehead and turn around to face the window. A shaky breath pushes past my lips and I steady myself using the railing, trying not to look at the chasm of blue above and the buildings across the street. \"Wen, are you—are you crying?\" I feel for the moisture on my face with one hand. Of course. Of fucking course. \"I think so.\" \"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you.\" Sloane puts her fingers on my back and kneads a sharp point in my spine with the heel of her hand. I shake my head, wiping at my wet eyes. Her palm making circles on my back almost expels the sickness in my stomach. \"It's not you, Sloane. It's not you. It's this elevator...\" I place my trembling hand back on the railing. \"This fucking elevator.\" Sloane seems to come to a realization. Her mouth hangs slightly agape, hand poised over it. \"Oh, my. You're afraid of heights, aren't you? That's why you—\" \"Yes. It's why I'm crying and it's why I get queasy in elevators and it's why I didn't want to go to the observation deck. I'm afraid of heights.\" \"Oh,\" Sloane says, worried. \"Oh, oh dear.\" She turns to the control station and presses the button for the first floor. \"Sloane?\" I ask. \"You had your sunglasses the whole time, didn't you?\" She smiles guiltily and shrugs. \"Just wanted answers.\" \"Yes, I admit it. I like him. Satisfied? Now get me out of here.\" I watch with an almost painful amount of scrutiny as traders, runners and employees dash about the floor in many different colored jackets. Some hold papers, others hold clip boards and pens while the rest seem to scour the floor of grime with their constant shuffling about the tiles. The four of us watch from an observation room above as the flurry of hectic blues and chaotic reds mingle with one another on the floor below us. From here, it looks disorderly and, to be honest, a little frightening. Sometimes, I can't tell if people are screaming at each other out of anger or just because they have to scream to be heard. Behind me, Cameron imitates the traders on the floor. He looks strangely devoted to his act, using complicated hand signals that he says are called 'arb'—I remember because I was hungry and it made me think of Arby's at the time—and completely loses himself in the process. Ferris watches from in front of the window, I can tell that he has no idea what's going on at the moment. Sloane sits next to me and I lazily throw my legs onto her lap, adjusting myself in the chair. She laughs and traces patterns on my bare skin, playing with the laces on my shin high boots. It tickles, but I'm so exhausted (and nauseous) from that trip to the top of Sears Tower that I don't even care. Suddenly, Ferris turns around and leans against the railing before the window. \"You want to get married?\" he asks. \"Yes. Remember that I like lots of diamonds. Nothing less than 24-carat gold. Size 5. Thanks.\" \"Not you , ya ditz.\" \"Well, shit, then.\" I turn around to face Cameron, who is completely tuned out of the conversation. \"Lots of diamonds. Nothing less than 24-carat gold. Size 5. Thanks.\" Then I turn back to Ferris without waiting to see the look on Cameron's face. \"You, Sloane— \" He makes sure that he looks at me with raised eyebrows as he says it. \"You want to get married?\" repeats Ferris. She looks at me and shrugs her shoulders, laughing. \"Sure.\" \"Today?\" he asks. \"I'm serious.\" Sloane looks at him in complete and utter disbelief. \"I'm not getting married!\" \"Why not? Think about it! Besides being to young,\" he begins, counting off on his fingers. \"Having no place to live, you being the only cheerleader with a husband... Give me one good reason why not.\" \"I'll give you two reasons: my mother and my father.\" I can honestly say that that was something that no one expected to come out of Cameron Frye's mouth. He had been entirely quiet from the moment we all stepped foot into the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, then started fucking arbing to himself like a lunatic. All of a sudden, out of scenic nowhere, at this point in the conversation, he adds his input. Not to mention the damper he's putting on the subject. Although, I must say, it is refreshing to hear his voice again. Selfish of me? Don't care. \"They're married and they hate each other.\" I can neither confirm nor deny that notion. Marie is always happy when I'm around—eh, I don't mean to brag or anything—and that asshole Larry Lafayette Lance is never around. He always looks mad to me, even when he's talking to his friends or on a business call. So, maybe they hate each other, maybe they don't. \"So what?\" asks Ferris. \"It's like that car,\" explains Cameron. \"He loves the car, he hates his wife.\" And secretly, I think he might hate Cameron too. Shit! I didn't say that aloud, did I? I turn to look at Cameron, almost hoping that his face is still stoic like before. What I don't expect is for him to be plucking his cheeks and making water drop noises with bubbles of saliva. Terribly annoying, but at least I didn't actually say anything aloud. \"Thanks,\" Ferris replies, sounding defeated. Cameron stands up and brushes off his pants. \"Can we please get out of here? This place gives me the creeps.\"[Chapter 6] I don't really have an excuse for how late this is. I'm just incredibly lazy and tired all the time. But, now that I've got a load of down time to rest and write, ta-da! Thank you all so so so much for not giving up on me and still sending in your reviews! I really appreciate it and I hope that this chapter is good enough for you! (P.S. The chicken liver part is an actual experience I had recently) In the taxi, I'm volunteered to sit in the passenger seat beside the cabbie. This came after Ferris called \"not it\" and put his pointer finger to the tip of his nose, Cameron and Sloane following suit. I demand a redo because I hadn't known what was going on until I turned to see everyone looking dumb as ever with their fingers on their noses, all staring me down from the side of the taxi. To think that I ever thought that people actually fought for the front seat. Silly me. Ferris says something like \"there are no redos in life.\" \"Don't I know that!\" I mutter angrily. Then I think about all of the things I would have done differently had I had the chance to go back in time through some magnetic brume of sparks and flickering lights. I think I'd go back to when I was ten-years-old to stop myself from jumping out of that saucer magnolia at Katherine Epsine's house. I scaled the tree like some kind of mountaineer and teased Kathy from one of the higher branches about how she was bigger than me and couldn't climb up. I was a bitch way before being a bitch was cool. Anyway, I stood on this weak offshoot at the top and couldn't hear the cracking of the branch over Kathy's mother calling us in for tuna fish. When I lifted a foot to get to a lower branch, my offshoot snapped and I came barreling down like a dead, graceless bird. I don't even remember what part of my body I tried to land on, but it ended up being my left knee. I shattered my patella at the center, so the surgeons put a whole bunch of wires and screws in to fix it. I don't regret it because it was painful (even though I passed out after five minutes of crying into damp sod), I regret it because I couldn't dance for months and months afterward. Yes, I used to dance, and I was a damn good dancer. I started ballet at age five and had someone approached a level of mastery at age ten. That dream literally shattered with my kneecap. I did a lot of rehabilitation and took drugs that made the world hazy and fuzzy all around, but when I tried to dance again, it didn't feel the same. My leg got tired quickly and sometimes it pained me to do simple things like an arabesque. When I was fifteen, I was removed from a recital after crash landing a grand jeté, never to return to another dance practice or recital again. I would have liked to go on dancing, but, I guess I'll have to settle for easy, basic shit. I think of this all as I seethe in the passenger seat of the taxi, Ferris, Sloane and Cameron all laughing behind me. Gridlock has us stalled behind this double-decker bus filled to the brim with tourists and I realize how much I hate downtown Chicago. It's nice and all if you like constant movement, slobbery children and flat white on your shirt. My seat jerks forward slightly and I realize that Ferris is kicking the back of my chair like a child. I turn around and threaten him with a clenched fist. \"I'm not afraid to knock you into next week, Bueller.\" He chuckles, but knows that I am being absolutely serious. I turn back to face the front, pulling my sling bag into my lap. \"Your friends?\" asks the cabbie. He has hair the color of straw and eyes the color of brushwood. \"Just those two, not the ugly one behind me.\" \"Hey!\" \"It's not my fault that you came off of the conveyor belt at the ugly factory.\" \"Wendy...\" Sloane says, almost tiredly. \"And I'm sorry that you're dating him, Sloane.\" \"Okay, Wendy...\" I know the constant bickering must be a pain for Sloane and Cameron. \"I was finished anyway,\" I say, crossing my arms over my chest. The cabbie laughs and turns right onto a calmer street with small trees hemming the sidewalk. I watch the scenery (some trees, shrubbery, buildings with low roofs) roll by like a bleary, old strip of film. No one says anything for the rest of the car ride. I'm sure that we've all had enough of one another. The cabbie pulls the car to a screeching halt in front of some fancy restaurant called Chez Quis and turns to Ferris. \"Alright, gang. This your stop?\" But, the entire backseat has already emptied. Those fuckers... I open the flap of my sling bag with a frown, heaving a sigh almost too heavy for my lungs. After sifting through the contents of my purse, I pull out my wallet and read the flashing meter near the windshield. \"I guess that means I'm paying,\" I say, handing the taxi driver ten dollars with a five dollar tip. \"Have a nice day. Sorry you had to listen to all of that bullshit. I'm a nice person, I really am.\" He nods in response. \"I believe ya, kid.\" I open the door and climb out, fixing my shorts while Cameron shuts my door. \"Oh, a reformed gentleman? Where was that gesture when the meter went off?\" Cameron puts his hands up defensively before motioning toward Ferris with his thumb. \"It was his idea.\" I know he's telling the truth because A) it's Ferris Bueller and B) Cameron never lies. If I committed a murder and Cameron was a witness, he'd snitch at the first sign of trouble. I turn my pointed glare onto Ferris, then back to Cameron. \"He's turning you. The ladies may appreciate that. I, however, do not.\" I don't mean it, of course. I actually like this sexy, rebel, ungentlemanly side of Cameron Frye. But, he's Cameron and he's going to take everything too serious and too hard. I brush past both of them and slip my arm into the crook of Sloane's, pulling her to the front door of the restaurant. We stop, turning around to face them. I place my hand on the wooden door jamb, smiling at the boys as if nothing had even happened. \"Well, what're you waiting for? I'm starving.\" Ferris just rolls his eyes at me and zips past a pale, stoic Cameron. I seriously worry about his people skills. What is he gonna do when he gets to college? Gawk at all of the girls and blanch when they compliment his jersey? We all step inside the restaurant, completely and utterly astounded by the gilded doorknobs and crystalline chandeliers. Everyone is wearing nice clothing. The women wear short, yet elegant dresses or a nice blouse with loose-fitting pants. The men wear button-up shirts or suits. We stick out like four fucking sore thumbs. The man checking people in looks very professional and very unhappy. I can tell that his raincloud of a mood isn't going to lift at all when Ferris gets through with him. With a somber, sour look on his face, he pulls his lips together, regarding us with curious eyes. \"Hello, may I help you?\" he asks. Ferris puts his hand on the podium and sighs. \"You can sure as hell try,\" he says, peeking down at the list of reservations. \"I'm Abe Froman, party of four for—\" The man chuckles, covering his mouth slightly with his hand. Ferris pulls his eyebrows together. \"Is there a problem?\" \"You're Abe Froman?\" Ferris nods. \"The sausage king of Chicago?\" Ferris nods again. \"Yeah, that's me.\" The man grunts and surveys all of us. He looks at my shorts and his upper lip lifts in disgust, he can see my thighs. I feel embarrassed and inferior under his red hot gaze. I wish he would just kick us all out already so we can have lunch at Burger King or something. He looks back to Ferris. \"I'm very busy. Why don't you kids go back to the clubhouse?\" \"Are you suggesting that I'm not who I say I am?\" asks Ferris, offended. The man leans forward and snarls, \"I'm suggesting that you leave before I have to get snooty.\" I grunt loud enough to catch his attention. \"Look, little miss legs—\" Cameron grabs Ferris by the upper arm. \"Okay, Abe, let's go.\" \"I'm not going anywhere,\" replies Ferris, ripping his arm from Cameron's iron grip. \"Now, we'd like to be seated.\" \"I'm going to have to call the police.\" Ferris puts his hand on his heart and drops his jaw in disbelief. \"You're going to call the police?\" The man nods, smirking slightly. \"Fine, I'll call them myself.\" The man rolls his eyes. \"Call the police. This'll be a hoot!\" Ferris grabs the telephone off of the cradle and begins dialing. The man's eyebrows furrow together. \"Give me the phone, I have another call.\" He begins reaching for the telephone, but Ferris pulls away and points at him. \"You touch me and I yell 'rat'. I'm sure there's another phone around here, find it.\" The man sighs, \"Wonderful. I weep for the future.\" He leaves shortly after to find another phone. \"Ferris, let it go!\" Cameron half-whispers, half-shouts. \"Please,\" Sloane says. \"You've gone too far.\" \"I'm not going to jail because of you, Ferris,\" I remind him. \"You're gonna get busted!\" It seems as if Ferris has broken out in a cold sweat. I think that, for the first time in his life, he is actually worried about getting into trouble. Not just with the law, but with Rooney and his parents as well. \"You can never go too far,\" he mumbles. \"And I won't get busted by a guy like that.\" Cameron sighs and throws his hands down in defeat. He's more worried about this than all of us, and rightfully so. It was his father's Ferrari that we took from the garage and drove downtown on a school day. I genuinely feel for him. \"Come on, Abe,\" Cameron sighs. Ferris pushes the phone into Sloane's hands. \"Ask for Abe Froman.\" \"May I speak to Abe Froman? The sausage king of Chicago,\" she says. \"Leather jacket, white t-shirt, sweater vest... devastatingly handsome.\" \"Barf,\" I whisper. I don't have to look, I can already feel Ferris' acute death glare on me. \"Thank you,\" replies Sloane. Five minutes later, the man returns and leads us to a table for four. We are the subject of all attention in our casual clothes and Cameron's sportswear. I take off the jean jacket once I'm seated, I look a tad bit less casual now. He hands us our menus and painfully sets mine in front of me. \"Thanks,\" I reply curtly. \"I appreciate your understanding,\" he says, addressing the entire table. \"Don't think twice,\" warns Ferris. \"Understanding allows people like us to tolerate a person like yourself.\" The man frowns. \"Thank you,\" he says slowly. \"Enjoy your luncheon.\" He walks away and we all breathe a sigh of relief in unison. I fan myself with the menu and momentarily move the hair off of my neck, I am sweating. \"Darling, you were wonderful,\" says Ferris to Sloane. He kisses her cheek and caresses the side of her face with the back of his hand. He turns to Cameron and I. \"Cameron, you thought we wouldn't have any fun. Shame on you.\" \"How about we all shut up and order something to eat?\" I mutter, fanning myself with my hand and scanning the menu. Ferris leans forward. \"Wen, you're drenched.\" \"I'm not drenched. I'm dizzy and nauseous and I just want to eat, okay?\" Sloane suddenly becomes worried. \"Did you have breakfast this morning?' She doesn't wait for my reply, she just raises her hand up and signals for a waiter. \"Yes, can we please have some bread and butter? Our friend here is feeling ill.\" \"Right away, miss,\" replies the waiter who leaves and returns quickly with bread and butter. \"I can do it myself, Sloane,\" I say as she begins buttering a wedge of bread. She doesn't listen to me, she just continues to spread the butter and pushes the plate toward me. \"Eat,\" she warns. \"If your sugar was getting low, you should have told us.\" I roll my eyes and chomp down on the piece of bread. \"I'm not gonna cry about it every time my sugar gets low. I can handle it.\" \"Diabetes isn't something you have to be ashamed of, Wen. We're here to help you.\" With soggy bread in my mouth, I mutter, \"Cameron wasn't when he threw away my breakfast this morning...\" \"Hey!\" Ferris swats the bitter, biting response from the air like a bad scent. \"Don't mind her, Cam. You know how cranky she gets when her sugar is low.\" \"Fuck off, Abe.\" When it's time to order, I nearly ask for everything off of the menu. It's not like I'll ever have money for a casual trip here again. Besides, Abe Froman surely has enough money to take care of everything here. The food comes and I'm glad that I ordered a lot because the portions are incredibly tiny. We all dine on french onion soup (a little too salty for my taste, so I just scoop the cheese off of the top), beef bourgignon and fancy, stuffed mushrooms. I try the chicken liver and immediately regret it. \"You're supposed to spread it onto the bread,\" says the waiter, chuckling at my expression. \"He says that like chicken liver is supposed to be a topping,\" I whisper to Cameron. Cameron laughs and continues to pick at his food. I think he's still uneasy around me. Maybe the kiss this morning was taking it too far. Maybe I should've just sat there under that collapsed covering and kept everything to myself. Maybe I should just come out and tell him how I feel. Might as well while Ferris isn't here. \"Hey, Cam—\" Ferris returns from the bathroom and shoos us all from our chairs. \"Come on, baby chicks. Time to skedaddle.\" A frown forms on my face. Guess I'll have to wait for another time. Or I'll just have to lock him in a bathroom stall with me and hold the door closed with my body. The latter doesn't seem so far-fetched.[Chapter 7] I'm always apologizing! I'm so sorry! I started college a couple weeks ago so I've been incredibly busy. Funny story, Ferris Bueller's Day Off actually came on TV today and I suddenly remembered that I had a story to finish! I definitely have plans to finish this story, I just don't see the end coming very soon. I'm counting on (possibly) wrapping this story up in late October/early November if all goes well! Maybe even early October! I really want to see this through to the end. Thank you for everyone who is still reading and reviewing, I love you all! Enjoy crazy Wendy! (P.S. I'm completely delirious at this time of night so I didn't proofread, bear with me) As if we haven't been through enough already, guess who's outside when we open the door to leave? Ferris' fucking father. We quickly maneuver around him and a group of strict, suit-clad businessmen. The entire time, Cameron is mumbling under his breath about how we should all surrender to Mr. Bueller and accept whatever punishment there is. I absolutely refuse to be taken down at this point. I've been through too much shit today to just throw myself at some man's feet, begging and crying for forgiveness. Besides, my parents would gut me and Doug would never let me live this down. Oh, how I hate that prick. Ferris shoves us all into the backseat and slams the door, shouting to the cabbie something that I can't make out with my face shoved into the leather of the seat with someone's armpit on my neck. The cab takes off with us four tangled around one another. \"Can you let me up?\" I ask. But with my face in the seat, it sounds like gibberish. I wiggle beneath my friends and eventually gather myself into the seat by the window, right behind the driver. \"That was not cool, Ferris.\" \"I did what was necessary.\" I roll my eyes and sigh, \"Christ.\" Somehow, we end up at a Cubs game. I win a raffle in the stands and receive a free jersey and a baseball cap. I remove my jean jacket and scarf and slip the jersey on over my tee shirt, it's oversized but comfy. I put the cap on backwards (managing to tuck all of my hair into it), put on my sunglasses and kick my feet up onto the empty bench in front of us. Absentmindedly, I stick my hand into my bag of popcorn and scoop up a handful. Sloane takes a piece of popcorn from the cluster in my palm and pops it into her mouth. Then she goes right back to writing things on what looks to be some kind of paper scoreboard. It's best not to bother her when she's in the zone. I've decided that I've had enough of boys for right now, so I sit in between Sloane and an empty seat. Ferris and Cameron sit on the other side of Sloane, being obnoxious. I just bask in the sunlight and the Cubs, who are currently losing. Cameron hasn't said a word to me since lunch. I don't think it's because I freaked him out this time. We've just had no real chance to have a conversation since being shoved into the car by Ferris. Ah, Ferris. The light of my goddamn life. \"Do you realize that if we played by the rules, right now we'd be in gym?\" asks Ferris. I dread the thought of gym class. I can't tell if he's talking to both Cameron and I or just Cameron. Cameron chuckles, \"With Coach B chewing our heads off? Yeah, I'd realized that.\" \"He only \"chews your head off\" when you don't jog during warm-up,\" I say without looking away from the game. \"You never jog in gym, Ferris.\" Ferris leans forward and acutely glares at me. \"Words, courtesy of the peanut gallery. Thank you.\" \"Any time,\" I reply, shrugging and popping a piece of popcorn into my mouth. I quickly shoot up and out of my seat when a player from the Cubs hits a home run. Great! The team still sucks, but, hey, you've gotta have baseball spirit. With my popcorn bag in hand, I throw my arms into the air and cheer along with a few others in the stands. Not that many people had shown up today, the stands are virtually empty. Ferris and Cameron had shot up as well. They pump their fists into the air and high-five one another and a few other Cubs fans in the stands behind us. Pretty much everyone seems pleased, with the exception of a few rival team fans scattered around. \"What a load of bullshit!\" a man, balding, shouts. \"This game is rigged!\" I roll my eyes. To actually think that the game is rigged. \"Pft,\" I sigh. \"Hey! You got a problem?\" I have no idea who he's talking to, so I pay him no mind. \"I'm talking to you, little girl!\" I raise an eyebrow and turn around to see him tensed two rows behind me. He has risen from his seat on the bench and stands with his fists clenched at his sides. The man wears a backwards baseball cap of the rival team and a jersey, face-paint making him look more like a child than a grown man. \"It's baseball,\" I simply reply, turning back to the game. \" It's baseball. \" he mocks. \"Yup,\" I say, popping the 'p'. \"Just baseball. Don't raise your blood pressure over a game, buddy.\" \"What did you just say?\" \"Stewart! Don't you dare!\" I turn back around to see a woman and another man restraining the angry, balding man. Cameron, Ferris and Sloane have all turned around now, watching the same scene as me. Sloane puts her hand on mine protectively, as if this man is going to do anything without passing out from exertion. \"Were you really going to hit a little girl ?\" I taunt, putting my elbows on the backboard of the bench and leaning on my hands. I crack the biggest, most innocent smile that I possibly can. Ferris cackles in his aisle seat, holding his stomach in his painful bout of laughter. Cameron's eyes have gone wide with fear. Sloane puts her hand on my shoulder and tells me to stop egging him on. \"Shouldn't you be in school, princess?\" shouts the man, still fighting to break free from the woman and the other man. \"Shouldn't you be studying?\" I fake amazement, clapping my hands slowly. \"Wow, I almost didn't think that the word 'school' was in your vocabulary! Now, say it with me: ed-u-ca-tion.\" Some people around stifle a laugh while others openly show their contempt for a stupid, immature high school student cracking jokes at a grown man. I think for only a second that I should feel guilty, but I don't. And, for some reason, that comment really sets him off. I couldn't care any less. Honestly, I'm getting quite the thrill from this. I almost wish that I had something to remember this moment. The man breaks free from the woman and uses his free hand to grab his fountain drink and toss it at me. The cup lands on my head and opens, spilling soda all over me, the person behind me and Sloane's purse that she had put between us. I sit in shock. I now have sticky soda stains to remind me of this moment. Be careful what you wish for, kids. The people around me go silent. Someone gasps and I think someone else runs to get security. Sloane quickly wets a napkin and wipes off her bag. She wets another and begins to wipe off my face, but quickly recoils when I push her hand away. I don't want her to be near me when I completely flip shit. \"Son of a bitch,\" I whisper, liquid dripping all over me. \"Son of a bitch!\" I jump up from my seat, getting as far as the row behind me before someone grabs me around the waist and pulls me away. I kick and scream obscenities at the man, grabbing my soggy popcorn bag and throwing it at him. \"Come on, Wen! Before security gets ahold of you!\" Cameron furiously whispers in my ear. I simmer down—knowing that it's Cameron's touch and Cameron's voice—just enough for him to lead me off of the stands and onto the stairs. Sloane grabs my other clothes and follows behind us. \"You'd better watch it next time, bitch!\" That sets something off inside of me again. I wheel around and bound up the steps, Cameron catching me around the waist and pulling back. \"You fucking pig! You're a walking sack of diabe—\" Cameron wrenches me away and carries me down the stairs. I pick and pull at his hands wrapped around my waist. This is not how I wanted it. As we reach the bottom of the steps and the exit, I notice the man bickering with security. One of the guards grabs his arm and escorts him to the exit at the top of the stairs. Ha fucking ha. Cameron finally sets me down when we exit the stands. I walk off, ripping the baseball cap off of my head and angrily throwing it to the ground. \"Fucking prick,\" I mutter, continuing toward the restrooms. I stand in front of the mirror in the bathroom. My jersey is stained brown from the soda, but it's the only thing ruined by the flying drink. I peel off the jersey and throw it in the sink. My white tee-shirt and shorts are perfectly fine. And, thank God I tucked my hair into that baseball cap. I wash my arms with soap and water before blotting them dry with a few paper towels. I don't even bother taking the stained jersey, I'll have to explain how it got it if my mother finds it in the hamper. When I leave the restroom, everyone is standing outside, waiting for me. Sloane hands me the jean jacket and scarf, which I quickly put back on. \"That guy was right,\" I say, wrapping the circle scarf around my neck. \"I'm sorry that I'm a bitch. I screw everything up.\" Ferris slings his arm around my shoulder. \"You're alright, Wendy Halifax.\" I raise an eyebrow and grin slightly. \"Thanks, Ferris.\" I turn to face Sloane and put a hand on her shoulder. \"Sorry about the bag.\" She shakes her head, smiling. \"I wiped it all off. It's nothing.\" Cameron and I hang back while Sloane and Ferris walk in front of us. I put my sunglasses on top of my head and slip my hands into the pockets of my shorts, kicking my feet along the gravel outside of the stadium. \"Hey, Cam,\" I say. He look down at me, eyebrows raised, awaiting my response. \"Yeah, Wen?\" \"I just wanted to say... sorry... for the way I acted. I'm sorry that you had to see me like that.\" Cameron shrugs. \"Rightfully so, I think.\" I stop short, Cameron doing the same. My eyebrows furrow together in confusion. \"Really?\" \"Well, he did throw his drink at you. He's a grown man. He shouldn't have done that.\" I crack a goofy smile. \"So, let's get this right. Cameron Frye thinks that my violent behavior was justified? Cameron Frye, the pacifist, thinks that almost gouging that man's eyes out was justified?\" \"Hey, hey, I didn't say all of that,\" he chuckles. \"I just think that you saw a lot of red. You rightfully saw a lot of red. I didn't say that gouging his eyeballs out would have been justified.\" I shrug, smiling. \"I'll take it, Frye.\" He laughs, \"Okay, Wen.\" This is the perfect timing. The perfect time to just spill everything while we're both laughing about soda stains on my baseball jersey, while we're both talking, while we're both happy . But, part of me thinks that I shouldn't ruin this moment. Things aren't awkward. He isn't avoiding me. So, for the first time in my life, I keep my fucking mouth shut. And it pains me. We hail the third cab of the day and climb inside. I get stuck in the passenger's seat again, but I don't mind it this time. I need some space to collect my thoughts and get myself back in order. And, mostly because I don't want anyone near me when I take my insulin. \"We had better go and get the car,\" Cameron says. The day has been so eventful that I had forgotten about the car. \"We have until six,\" replies Ferris, his arm around Sloane. Cameron rolls his eyes. \"I know you don't care, but it does mean my ass.\" Oh, harsh. I felt that one. Ferris' jaw drops. \"That hurts, Cameron.\" He leans forward and looks at Cameron. \"What have you seen today?\" Cameron grunts, \"Nothing good.\" Ferris is in complete shock, his mouth agape like a fish out of water. \"Nothing! What do you mean, \"nothing good\"? We've seen everything good, we've seen the whole city! We went to the museum and saw priceless works of art! We went to a fancy restaurant!\" Ferris is using his hands to talk. \"We—we had pancreas?\" There is muttering and shifting in the backseat. I turn back to see that Ferris and Cameron are on the floor while Sloane wears Ferris' sunglasses, completely still. I don't even wonder about what is going on until I see Ferris' dad in the taxi cab beside us. Quickly, I slip on my sunglasses and turn to face the cabbie. \"What's he doing?\" whispers Ferris. \"He's licking the glass,\" answers Sloane. \"And making obscene gestures with his hands.\" Then Sloane begins laughing like a madwoman. \"I think that your dad is onto us,\" I say.[Chapter 8] Hello, beautiful people! Thank you so much for sticking with me even though I update irregularly. I refuse to let school hold this story down, so I'm trying to write a chapter every weekend (we'll see how that works out)! I see about three more chapters in the future and an ending in mid to end of November if all goes well. I hope that everyone is pleased by this chapter! It was a tad bit difficult to write because there's not much substance to write about in this scene. Anyway, enjoy! I'll take any last minute suggestions or something you'd like to see in the next few chapters. They could possibly make them in the story if they make sense! \"He didn't leave us, Cameron,\" sighs Sloane. Cameron, Sloane, and I weave through the massive crowd that has gathered along a strip of road for a German parade. They watch the giant floats and strangely dressed women dancing, almost starry eyed, seemingly in some kind of trance. There are small children squealing with delight and other children screaming in fits of uncontrollable rage. I narrowly avoid having a sippy cup thrown at my head by a sobbing child in a stroller. I knew there was a reason why I didn't want to have kids in the future. \"You know, it really busts my hump,\" says Cameron as we emerge from the tightly packed collection of people. We walk the edge of the crowd, surveying the scene for a missing idiot in a sweater vest. Cameron pushes his hair back with his hand before slipping it back into my grasp. He didn't want to risk losing Sloane and I as well as Ferris, so he made us both hold hands with him. I wanted to make some smart remark, \"You don't need an excuse to hold my hand.\" Something like that, but I decided that it wasn't the time to raise Cameron's already elevated blood pressure. \"He didn't ditch us,\" Sloane replies. The both of us struggle to keep pace with Cameron as he practically flies down the street with his long legs. Grunting angrily, Cameron rolls his eyes. \"He might be back at school for all we know!\" And Sloane says, \"He would not go back to school!\" at the same time that I scoff, \"Yeah fucking right. Like hell he would.\" \"He would!\" \"Cam, I love you dearly, my friend.\" My friend , I cringe at that. \"But you've got no fucking common sense.\" \"You girls don't get it! He'd do it just to make me sweat,\" he replies. \"He loves doing that kind of stuff to me.\" I can guarantee you that one thing Ferris Bueller would never do after an afternoon of debauchery is go back to school. Fuck to the no. Only if he had a death wish or wanted Principal Rooney to ride his ass for the rest of the school year. And, as much as I like the guy, I'd hate to see Ferris caught in his sticky web or held back another year. Senior year is great, but once I get the opportunity, I'm getting the fuck out of this place. I want to go to Yale. I want to do something great with my life. I don't exactly know what interests me, but all I know is that I can't stay in Chicago forever. Life moves on and I've got to grab ahold and move as well. Poetic? Maybe I should major in English. But soft, what light through yonder window breaks the face of the fucking idiot standing dead center on a passing float. \"Um?\" I tap Cameron's shoulder lightly. He whips around with a wild fire in his eyes. \"What? What is it, Wendy? Are you gonna make some smart remark again?\" he snaps bitterly. I know that I should brush it off, everyone snaps. It's Cameron, the Cameron I love. The Cameron who I push around like a little brother and poke fun at all day long. But, something about the way that his eyes regard me and the tone of his voice make me want to completely lose it. I narrow my eyes, ready to snap back. Instead, I hold it in. \"I've spotted our idiot,\" I say, angrily, pointing to a float of dancing girls. \"Yes!\" Ferris' voice comes to life over the speakers. \"Hello to you too, Wendy, darling!\" He waves at the three of us. \"You're great! However, this song is dedicated to the lanky boy next to you. A man who doesn't think he's seen anything good today. Cameron Frye, this one is for you.\" \"Oh my God,\" Sloane and I say in unison. \"Hey!\" shouts Cameron, barreling toward the decorative float. Sloane and I follow suit, standing on the road at the edge of the float. Ferris smiles at the three of us and waves as he continues to lip-sync Danke Schoen. \"Get off the float!\" \"What are you doing?\" Sloane screams. Security quickly leads us away from the float and back to where the bystanders are watching. We try to fight against them, telling them that the boy on the float doesn't belong there, but they keep pushing us away from the path of the parade. \"And next time,\" begins one security guard. \"We won't be so nice.\" The three of us sigh and walk away, heads hanging slightly. Cameron scratches at the nape of his neck, his facial features softened and beautiful again, not full of rage. I never want to have to see him like that again, mad at me. Remind me to never pick a fight with Cameron in the future. We approach a hot dog stand because Sloane wants to buy a quick snack and a drink. Cameron and I idly stand by as she waits in a line, chatting up a group of girls who look to be about our age. It's so awkward, standing here with Cameron after he snapped at me like that. I bounce on my toes and absentmindedly play with the waves in my hair, twirling strands around my finger. I touch the tender bump still on my head. I haven't been able to get any ice on it, but it seems to be getting smaller. I can't find my pocket mirror, so, tentatively, I tap Cameron again. He turns to face me, face stoic. \"Yeah, Wen?\" I release an internal sigh of relief. \"Diagnosis of the mountain on my head?\" \"It's not a mountain,\" he replies, tilting his head slightly to look at it. \"It's not red anymore. I can barely see it.\" And I think, briefly, that this would be the perfect moment to kiss him. To just pull his face down and put my mouth on his while the world around us is busy doing other things and not paying attention to two lip-locking teenagers near a hot dog stand. \"Thanks.\" After a beat of silence between us, he sighs. \"I never want to be mad at you, Wen.\" \"Sure about that?\" I ask, tasting the bitterness on my tongue. \"I was just frustrated, I didn't mean to snap at you. I'm sorry\" I sigh, \"I know. I'm sorry if I upset you.\" Kissing would be nice, but this is nice, too. Just standing here, watching the parade and being with Cameron, sharing a comfortable silence with him. But, as nice as this may seem to me, I could never be content with just having him as a friend. I want him as so much more. Not just my best friend, but my boyfriend, my lover, my husband. And that scares the shit out of me. I swallow hard. \"So, are we friends again?\" Friends . Shit, how that hurts me. \"Never stopped being friends,\" he replies without looking at me. I can hear the smile in his voice, I can feel the fervent glow in his eyes, and my heart just breaks. Absolutely breaks. Sloane comes back empty-handed for some reason that neither of us ask about. We all continue walking, watching Ferris act a completely fool from afar. He truly is meant for the stage, I think. \"Do you think he'll ever come down from there?\" asks Sloane. I shake my head, grinning slightly. \"Not a chance.\" Cameron smiles. \"As long as I've known him, everything works for him. There's nothing he can't handle, the Infamous Ferris Bueller.\" His eyes seem to turn down, the light in them flickering just slightly. \"Me? I can't handle anything.\" I hate for him to feel that way. \"I'm a sporadic, insane, unpredictable girl and you can handle me just fine, Cameron. I'd say you could handle the world.\" A shadow of a smile creeps onto his face and I know that I've possibly just made his day. \"But, school, parents, the future? Ferris can do anything. I don't know what I'm gonna do.\" \"College,\" says Sloane. \"You'll go to college.\" \"Well, yeah. But to do what?\" She shrugs her shoulders. \"What are you interested in?\" Cameron stops short, causing Sloane and I to stop with him. The small smile on his face spreads and it's the most beautiful thing to ever happen in the entire world. He briefly looks to me, then looks to Sloane. \"Nothing.\" Sloane laughs, \"Me neither!\" I raise my hand. \"I stand by that notion as well.\" We all look over at Ferris who waves to the crowd and plays with his microphone. \"You're crazy!\" shouts Cameron. \"What do you think Ferris is going to do?\" Sloane asks. \"He's gonna be a fry cook on Venus.\" I can hear the beat of Twist and Shout beginning to start, so I grab Cameron and Sloane by their hands. \"Oh my God, I love this song! Come on, guys!\" I pull them back towards the front of the crowd of dancing people and flail my arms around, still holding both of their hands. Cameron and Sloane laugh at me, but begin dancing as well. The scene is absolutely hilarious! Watching all of these young people and old people shaking it in downtown Chicago, flooding the streets and crowding the sidewalks. I dance with Sloane, holding both of her hands and moving to the beat of the song. She spins me around and I fall into Cameron who steadies me with a hand on my waist. Part of me wants to stay like this forever while the other part wants to run for the hills. \"Well, Mr. Frye,\" I say. \"While we're here, care to dance?\" I don't wait for an answer because it'll probably be the wrong one. I wrap my arms around his neck and, cautiously, he wraps his around my waist. I lead, obviously. We sort of just sway to the beat, nothing too slow or sensual, but actually rocking to the fast pace of the song. \"Get those hips a'moving, Frye!\" I laugh. He laughs too, but nervously, I think. \"You don't have to be scared!\" I shout, trying to be heard over the music. \"I'm not scared!\" he shouts back. \"Prove it!\" And, why his lips are suddenly on mine, I couldn't fucking tell you.[Chapter 9] Hi! I'm trying to update every weekend and seems to be working well so far, so let's hope for the best! This chapter is sort of short and filler-y, but I didn't want to pack too much into it. The next chapter (I'm hoping) will be a tad bit longer because it should include a lot of stuff. Until next weekend (hopefully), my friends! Wow. The world actually stops for a moment. I had so many expectations after that kiss. Maybe Cameron would embrace me and kiss me once more on the mouth like he had already done. Maybe Cameron would hold hands with me and we'd continue dancing around like lunatics in downtown Chicago. Maybe Cameron would fall down to one knee, despite the ruckus around us, and confess his undying love for me. Boy, oh boy, was I so fucking wrong. Cameron doesn't hold my hand after the parade comes to an end. Cameron doesn't confess his love for me. Cameron doesn't even talk to me. You know what he does do? The little fucker runs away. He pulls away from me with wide, almost streetlamp-like eyes protruding from his head, looks at me briefly, looks at the crowd (still completely buoyant and jumping around to the beat of the song), and darts away through the mass of people. Cameron leaves me standing there, alone, left to my own jumbled mess of a mind. \"Fuck.\" I blink the stars from my eyes, I hold my mouth with one hand, then I cry. \"Fuck.\" I start to fucking cry because of this boy that I am madly in love with. I'm so torn, I don't even know what to think. Maybe I should catch a cab to take me back home, undress, and climb into another tub filled to the brim with lukewarm water. Maybe I should go search for Cameron and give him a nice kick in the manhood. I just don't want to feel like this . Hopeless. Instead, I maneuver through the crowd until I'm at the edge of the sidewalk. My stomach churns like a washing machine and boils white hot inside of me until I'm doubled over, holding onto a small street post. I lurch forward and vomit near a street gutter, wincing from the acidic burn in the back of my throat. No sooner is Sloane beside me, holding back my hair and kneading gentle circles into my back. \"It's okay,\" she croons. But, it's not okay. It's not even remotely close to being okay. Sloane doesn't understand how hard it is to be around someone that you love so much and to not be able to have them. Sloane doesn't understand how many years I've had to sit around while Cameron stands idly by, avoiding my advances. Then I realize it, crystal clear. I love Cameron. I love him. I love everything about him. And then I realize something else, he makes me sick. He makes me so fucking sick to my stomach and whether that's because I love him too much or because I had bad pancreas today, I don't know. \"I saw everything,\" Sloane says. \"I can't believe he ran from you.\" \"I—I...\" I stutter, unable to get the words out. \"Shh...\" She continues to rub my back soothingly. \"Don't say anything.\" I'm still crying; gingerly wiping my mouth of vomit and weeping into the denim of my jacket. I don't know how to reply to Sloane because I'm still completely in disbelief myself. How does one even address a situation like this? What am I supposed to do now? \"I hate him,\" I reply, but I don't mean it. \"I fucking hate him.\" \"You don't mean that,\" she says. \"You love him, Wendy. You're so incredibly lovesick.\" \"You don't say,\" I reply, voice heavily laced with sarcasm. Slowly, carefully, I regain my posture, fix the lapels on my denim jacket, and wipe my eyes one last time with a different sleeve. \"I think I've had enough today.\" Sloane nods, holding her purse close. \"I'll get Ferris.\" I wait for Sloane and Ferris by the curb, asking random passersby for the time until someone finally looks at their watch, exhausted, and tells me that it's almost 1 o'clock. I can't believe all of the things we've done in the time span of four and a half hours. I've eaten pancreas, had a drink thrown on me, been scared shitless from many miles up, and kissed the boy of my dreams twice. As a matter of fact, let's leave off the last one. Spare me a broken heart. Ferris finally comes down from the float and briefly chats with Sloane, now out of the path of the parade. They finally approach me after about five minutes of a casual conversation. Ferris doesn't say anything to me and I think that Sloane must have filled him in on the situation. He just slings his arm around my shoulders and pulls me into his side, planting a kiss on the top of my head. This is a side of Ferris that I'm not used to seeing and it almost scares me. \"He's scared,\" he whispers to me. I scoff, \"Of what?\" \"Becoming the same person as his dad. Hurting someone. Distancing himself.\" And suddenly it all makes sense. Well, not everything makes sense, but most of it does. Cameron's dad, that awful, awful person, has put it in Cameron's head that that is how a man should treat the woman he loves. Creating distance and, maybe not hurting them physically, but definitely causing some strain and aching in the relationship. \"He didn't have to run,\" I mutter. \"Am I gross? Am I ugly? Why'd he run?\" \"You're beautiful, Wen,\" replies Ferris. The three of us take another cab back to the parking garage after a search for Cameron had failed. Ferris says that he'll find his way back somehow, so I rest my head on Sloane's shoulder and close my eyes. I put up with a lot. I can usually handle anything. School. Ferris. Parents. Ferris. Friends. Ferris. Oh, and fucking Doug. That little shit. He's gonna be able to smell deceit on me when I come home. If he rats me out to mom and she punishes me, well, at least I'll find some solace in the saliva inside of his pillow case tonight. The cab pulls up to the curb and Ferris actually pays this time. I think he feels sorry for me, brokenhearted and near tears in the back seat. I have finally accepted the fact that it's okay to cry every once in a while. Sloane pats my head softly and whispers something comforting in my ear. We get out of the taxi and walk to the parking garage where we find Cameron waiting, arms crossed as he leans against the wall. He looks to us, then to me. I meet his gaze for only a moment before quickly looking away, rubbing my arms and crossing them over my chest. I don't want to let him know that he's gotten to me on a deep, almost dark emotional level. \"Cam!\" Ferris chirps. \"Where the hell did you run off to?\" I can tell that he's already put together some stupid excuse for this question. Gingerly, he scratches the nape of his neck. \"I got separated from Wendy and Sloane during all of the commotion. I tried looking for them, but the crowd was so big, ya know? I figured that it'd be better to just hang around here. You'd find me eventually, right?\" We all know that he's lying, but entertain it anyway. Ferris gulps hard and slings his arm around Cameron's shoulder. \"You should've hung around for me then! You can't miss a man on a float!\" \"Yeah, you're right. Let's just get the car and get home?\" replies Cameron. I can't even imagine going about my life regularly after everything that has happened today. How am I supposed to go back to school and pretend that I don't have feelings for Cameron? Sloane must be thinking the same thing as me because she wraps her arm around my waist and hugs me from the side. \"It'll all work out,\" she whispers. Yeah fucking right. I've had enough of this fake, positive reassurance for today. \"You're psychotic, Ferris,\" Cameron laughs quietly. \"I can't believe you got on a goddamn parade float! Just imagine how many people saw you. You are nailed!\" \"Let's be real, who'd believe I was in a parade? Anyone who would nail me wouldn't be at a parade.\" Chuckling briefly, I grunt, \"Maybe your dad saw you from that great office in the sky.\" Ferris grins, nods, and laughs. \"Maybe you're right, Wen.\" Just then, the red Ferrari, like a gem, pulls up in front of us with two suspicious men inside. They open the doors and climb out, wiping their hands off on their pants. I don't like the look on the driver's face, he smiles like he's just taken this thing on a joy ride. \"That was so quick!\" says Sloane, climbing into the passenger's seat. \"This looks okay to me, Cameron,\" says Ferris as he gets into the driver's seat. Cameron scoffs, \"It looks great. Let's roll.\" And, of course, I've got no choice but to plant myself on the back of the Ferrari beside Cameron. I create as much space between the two of us as humanly possible. We'll save the talking for another time. The man hands Ferris the key ring as Ferris hands him a bill. \"You're a very generous individual. Come back any time.\" I really don't like the tone of his voice. Ferris pulls out of the garage and we're off on our journey back home. \"I feel pretty good, I feel really good. Those guys at the garage were nice, I was a little worried about them.\" \"They were pretty spooky,\" I quietly reply. The ride is relatively quiet. Ferris clears his throat. \"Hey, Cam?\" \"Yeah?\" Cameron says, his sunglasses on over his eyes. \"How many miles did you say this thing had on it before we left?\" \"126 and halfway between three and four tenths.\" He removes his glasses and leans forward to catch a glimpse of the odometer. \"Why? How many miles are on it now?\" I have never heard a scream so loud before in my entire life.[Chapter 10] Hey, everyone! It's been a really busy couple of weeks, which explains the lack of a new chapter. So, I made this one as long as possible to make up for it. This is the moment that you have all been waiting for, I think. I hope you all like it! And thanks for all of the reviews! (P.S. Bit of heavy language in this chapter) \"Cameron, are you okay?\" asks Sloane. Cameron doesn't reply. He doesn't even move . He remains completely stoic with his mouth hanging slightly agape and his hands gripping the shimmering red of the vehicle, knuckles blanched and ready to burst free from the skin of his hands. He's paler than a new sheet of printer paper, quieter than I have ever heard him, more fearful and confused than I have ever seen him. Cameron blinks once, then once more, then two more times. I can see the beginnings of tears welling up in his eyes. Even though I'm still angry with him, I want nothing more than to hold him in my arms, kiss his face, and pet his hair. \"Cameron, cut that out!\" says Sloane, turning to look at him in his helpless state. I force a small chuckle. \"You'll catch flies with your mouth open like that,\" I joke. A lump, hot and sticky like tar, forms in my throat when he doesn't react. At this point, I have absolutely no idea of what I'm supposed to say or do, I feel almost as helpless as Cameron looks. It's weird, because I usually know what to do and how to comfort people when they're in the middle of a major world collapse. \"Cameron?\" I ask quietly. I scoot an inch or two closer to him, reaching out for his cold and clammy hand, still gripping the red of the car. As gently as I can, I peel his fingers from the vehicle with my own. I hold only his middle and index fingers in my hand, softly squeezing them to let him know that I'm here for him. Cameron doesn't react to any of it, even as I lift up his hand and place a kiss on his colorless knuckles. The pit at the bottom of my stomach pains me because I know the inevitable is bound to happen when his father finds out about the Ferrari. \"Ferris,\" I say, my voice a bit shaky. \"I don't know what to do.\" \"He's completely catatonic, Ferris,\" Sloane adds. \"Maybe you should pull over somewhere.\" Ferris sighs, I can tell that he's just as nervous as Sloane and I are. The Ferrari lurches slightly as Ferris abruptly breaks, pulling off to the side of the road and following a rather bumpy path which leads to a lakeside. The car comes to a complete stop and Ferris puts the Ferrari in park, nervously running a hand through his hair. We all sit in silence for a moment, listening to the squawking birds and the sound of the murky water swishing around and lapping onto the rocky lakeside. It's Ferris that breaks the bout of silence by opening the driver's side door and climbing out. He motions to Cameron with his arms slightly outstretched. \"Come on, let's get him out of there.\" Sloane, Ferris, and I all pull Cameron from his seat on the back of the vehicle. He almost falls flat on his face, but I hook an arm around his stomach and, with Ferris' help, I set him back onto his feet. The three of us practically drag Cameron to a small rock wall and lay him down across the length of it. He stares up at the sky, his eyes wide and unwavering. His mouth has closed a bit so that now only the top set of his teeth can be seen between his lips. We all step back and stare at our friend, temporarily catatonic. \"I hope he doesn't stay like that,\" Sloane says. Ferris shakes his head. \"He'll snap out of it... eventually.\" I don't know exactly what it is, but something about that comment completely sets me off. I don't know if it's the tone of his voice or the comment in general. Something about Ferris at the moment suddenly infuriates me. My face burns white hot and my heart beats rapidly inside of my rib cage. I ball my hands into fists at my sides and sharply turn to face Ferris, my eyes acutely narrowed at him. \"Eventually?\" I hiss. \"Eventually? Fuck you, Ferris! This is all your fault.\" I jab my finger into his chest. \"You know how much of a pushover Cameron is! You know that he can't say 'no' to anyone! If you had been a good friend and gone to school like any other day, none of this would have happened!\" Ferris, taken aback, furrows his eyebrows. \" My fault ? This is all my fault ? Let us not forget that you climbed into the car, just as willing as Cameron!\" \"I didn't ask for this! I didn't ask to take the Ferrari! I didn't ask to come to fucking downtown Chicago on a school day! I didn't ask to eat pancreas!\" I scream, trying to keep my hands at my sides and out of Ferris' face. \"I was invited into the Ferrari! I was invited to downtown Chicago! This shithole! I was invited to eat fucking pancreas!\" Ferris rolls his eyes and I point at him. \"Don't you roll your fucking eyes at me, Bueller.\" \"You're just looking for someone to blame, Wendy! You're always looking for someone to blame! When you get a bad grade on a test or something stupid like that! When you fuck up you're always looking for a scapegoat!\" I chuckle, almost manically. \"Sure, Ferris. But, the thing here is that I didn't fuck up ! You fucked up! You pressured Cam into some stupid high school scheme, knowing what the consequences were! Knowing that his dad will likely knock him on his ass! You're heartless, selfish, and undeserving, Ferris! You think that just because everyone loves you that it's okay to shit all over them! And you're not clever , you're not daring , you're not smart . You're fucking stupid ! You're a fucking idiot!\" Ferris laughs sarcastically. \"Some friend you are.\" \"Says Ferris Bueller!\" I shout. \"You're lucky Cameron is like your lap dog and will kiss your ass when need be or you'd probably be stuck in junior high right now!\" He snarls slightly, seeming to bare his teeth at me. \"You're a bitch. You're a real bitch. You know that, Wen?\" \"It's better than being an imbecile.\" \"Wendy... Ferris...\" Sloane pleads. \"Not now!\" Ferris and I scream in unison, briefly turning to face Sloane. She looks at the both of us with one raised eyebrow. Sloane looks really upset by our fight. I don't blame her one bit for how she feels, her and Cameron are always the buffer to keep Ferris and I from probably really hurting one another. Ferris sighs, \"I'm sorry. Go... fix Cameron or something. Please? I'm sorry.\" Sloane rolls her eyes and walks over to Cameron, taking a seat by his head. She looks to the both of us with eyes that beg for peace between the two of us. I take a deep breath to try and calm myself down. At the moment, all I can see is red everywhere. Through my anger, everything is hazy and distorted. \"Sloane is giving us those eyes again,\" I say. It's weird not to hear my voice at a nasty scream. \"I'm sorry, Ferris. I'm really sorry. I know that I'm a bitch, I was talking out of my ass. I just... I just don't know what to do. You know how his dad is.\" He nods. \"I'm sorry too. Fighting like this isn't going to help Cameron any.\" \"I know.\" \"And the truth is... I'm scared. Not for myself, I can handle the heat. But, Cameron can't handle anything, we all know that he can't handle a single thing. This may very well be for real. And I just... I just wanted him to have a good day. He lives in a giant shithole, completely void of all happiness. He needed this. I didn't think anything like this would ever happen, we were having such a great time!\" Ferris runs his hand through his hair, motioning toward Cameron. \"I can't believe it. And... I'm scared about another thing. I'm scared that you're right. I am a horrible friend.\" I crack a small smile and punch him lightly in the upper arm. \"You're alright, Bueller.\" \"Ferris!\" Sloane calls, her hands on Cameron's face. \"We'd better try something else. This isn't working.\" I heave a sigh of exhaustion and fall slightly against Ferris who stretches an arm around my waist and pulls me in to him. To be honest, I'd just like to go back home, fall into my bed, pull the covers over my entirety, and go to sleep. I wish I would have stayed home and faked sick all day. Eventually, we get Cameron back into the car. We decide to put him into the passenger's seat so he doesn't fall off of the speeding vehicle and onto the hard asphalt of the road. I tell Ferris that we should go to my Aunt Jill's house because she has a pool and a jacuzzi in her backyard. She won't mind at all if we hang out for a little while. By now, it's way past school time, so it'll look completely normal to want to relax after a long day of mind-numbing schoolwork. Ferris drops Sloane and I off at the front door while he parks the Ferrari in the backyard. I knock on the door and, moments later, my Aunt Jill has me enveloped in her cinnamon-scented embrace. She gives Sloane and hug and leads the two of us inside before closing the front door behind us. \"What brings you here, Wen?\" she asks. \"Me and a couple of my friends wanted to take a dip in the pool. It's been a rough day at school, Aunt Jill,\" I reply. \"Oh, of course! All of your things are still in the guest room!\" I kiss her on the cheek and drag Sloane up the stairs with me. \"Thanks, Auntie!\" We go into the guest room and I slam the door closed behind the two of us. I don't stay here often, mostly just if my parents go out of town for a couple days and don't trust me to watch after the house by myself. Doug will usually stay at a friend's house (thank God), but I love the company of my Aunt Jill. She's so nice and easy-going. Sloane sleeps over a lot and Aunt Jill is quite fond of her as well. And, major bonus, she is the world's best cook. Without fail, she always has some kind of sweet ready for me to eat whenever I come over. Aunt Jill is my mother's sister, but you'd swear that they aren't related at all. She seems more like my father if anything, I think that's why they get along so well. Sometimes, I almost wish that my father married the sane sister. For the most part, Aunt Jill lives alone in this big house. My Uncle Mike is in the military, so I don't get to see him very often. But, when I do, it's as if he had never left. He's probably the funniest guy that I know, so I love being around him and my Aunt Jill. My two cousins, Max and Ray, are both in their early twenties and visit quite often. They like to tease me a lot, but, honestly, I wish I belonged to this family instead. Doug despises me while Max and Ray do everything out of love. I take a two-piece bathing suit out of the dresser drawer, then dig for Sloane's because I know it's here. I go into Max's old room and grab a pair of shorts for Cameron, he wouldn't mind. We run back down the stairs and zip past my Aunt Jill. \"You girls sure are in a hurry!\" she notes. \"I have to run, Wendy. Lock the doors when you leave?\" \"Of course, Auntie.\" Sloane and I kiss her cheek and watch her leave through the front door. We slip through the sliding glass door in the back of the house to find Ferris already in the jacuzzi and Cameron sitting against the small crag by the pool. I hand Sloane her bathing suit and the slip before walking over to Cameron. I kneel down to his height and hold the shorts out in front of me. \"You can change into these, Cam. They belong to my cousin, but he won't mind.\" I put the pair of shorts into his lap and stand up, turning to walk away. \"Oh my God, Wen,\" Ferris whispers. \"What?\" I ask, looking to him with my eyebrows furrowed. \"Look,\" he replies, pointing behind me. I turn around to see Cameron pulling himself off the poolside tiles. He unclips the metal rungs on the suspenders and gently places them onto the ground beside his loafers. I'm so shocked that I can't even pull my eyes away from his when he removes his tan pants and is left in his boxers. Blushing brick red, I turn away and walk to the other side of the pool where Sloane's mouth hangs agape. \"What did you do?\" Sloane whispers. I shrug my shoulders. \"I haven't the slightest idea.\" Sloane and I change into our bathing suits from what seems like a safe distance away from the boys. I put an oversized tee shirt on over my bikini and walk back to the pool, gingerly sticking my legs in. Cameron has pulled a pool chair onto the diving board and sits on it, his hands braced on the armrests. \"Are you feeling better, Cameron?\" Sloane asks. No reply. \"Why don't you come in here? It's really nice!\" No reply. \"It's useless,\" I mumble, kicking the water around. \"Cameron, I can flip out real easy, too! It's okay,\" she says, a solacing tone to her voice. \"Sooner or later, everyone goes to the zoo!\" I slap a hand to my forehead, turning my face away and out of the sunlight. \"Maybe he really is sick. Maybe he isn't just torturing himself,\" replies Ferris. There's a splashing sound and my head snaps up quickly. There is now no one in the chair on the diving board, but, there is a dark figure slowly sinking to the bottom of the pool. Bubbles froth and pop slightly on the surface of the water, the figure at the bottom of the pool doesn't move. Cameron isn't moving. What the hell is he doing? \"Cameron?\" I call nervously, sliding into the pool and wading in the water. Ferris climbs over the partition that divides the pool and the jacuzzi. \"Hey! Hey, Cameron!\" Ferris gracelessly dives into the water and becomes a dark, cloudy figure at the bottom of the pool. \"Oh my God!\" I scream. Ferris breaks the surface of the water, pulling Cameron along behind him. I rush to them, swimming as fast as I can while Sloane meets them at the partition. Cameron's eyes are closed, he looks lifeless with his dark hair matted to pale skin and his jaw unhinged in that manner. I don't even know what to do at this point. I climb one of the pool steps just to gain my balance back, then I reach for Cameron and hold his face in both of my hands, pushing the wet, matted hair out of his face. \"Cam?\" I ask, quietly at first. \"Cam? Cam? Cam!\" Tears well in my eyes and fall in rivulets down my face. \"Cameron, don't you dare! You stupid boy, don't you dare.\" My hands roam his entire face, fingers quickly running over his lips, his eyelids, his cheeks. \"Fuck, Cameron!\" Sloane pulls me off. \"Don't do this to yourself, Wen,\" she says quietly. I turn back to face Cameron. \"I can't—I can't—Cameron, please!\" Ferris grabs me by my upper arms and turns me away from Cameron to face him. \"Wendy, get ahold of yourself!\" \"I—I—I—we need to call someone, Ferris!\" I sob. \"We need to call the police or Aunt Jill or Jeanie—\" \" Jeanie ?\" Ferris asks, raising an eyebrow. \"Someone, Ferris! We can't let him die,\" I cry. \"We can't let him die because I love him! I love him so fucking much that it hurts! I don't care that he's a little awkward or hypochondrical or sulky sometimes! I just love him! And I'm sorry that I make smart remarks and make him uncomfortable all of the time! I'm sorry that you're right, Ferris! I'm sorry that I'm a giant fuck-up! I'm sorry that I'm a bitch and that I don't treat Cameron as well as I should! I'm so sorry!\" Ferris cracks a smile and begins to laugh at me. \"Why are you laughing? You think this is fucking funny?\" Ferris shakes his head and gestures toward Cameron. \"No, it's funny because he was faking.\" Wide-eyed, I stare at Ferris. \"Wha—\" I turn around, finally out of Ferris' grasp, and look at Cameron. His bright eyes are open and watching me carefully. Cameron has a sly, crooked grin on his face, all of his teeth showing through the wide smile. He still rests against the edge of the pool, his neck slightly craned to the side as he sizes me up with his eyes and nods. \"You're not the only one in love,\" Cameron says, his eyes starry. I let out a strangled scream of joy and jump onto Cameron, splashing and lapping up water everywhere. I hold his face in my hands and look into those eyes that have baited me for years and years. Then, this time with confidence, I kiss him hard on the mouth. To my surprise and delight, he wraps his arms around me and pulls me in closer. I continue to run my hands along the length of his face, his hair, on his ears, really anywhere that I can reach while in his embrace. \"I love you, Wen,\" he says against my lips. Cameron pulls away and holds my face in his large, calloused hands. \"And I'm so sorry I never told you.\" I push against his hands toward his face. \"It's okay,\" I say, briefly catching his bottom lip with my teeth. \"It's... okay.\" I'm tired and out of breath but I just want more of him. I want so much more, I'm not ready to stop just yet. He tries to hold me away but I push forward, putting my lips onto his as many times as I can as he continues to push me away. He chuckles, \"Wow, Wen, you're an anima—\" Cameron is cut off when I kiss him once more, managing a tiny bit of tongue until he pulls away. \"I want you,\" I say, quietly enough so that only Cameron can hear. \"I've never wanted someone so much.\" I steal one more kiss before he rips away again. Cameron continues to laugh. \"We have time, Wendy,\" he says, finally holding me away at arms length. \"We have so much time.\" Ferris groans, \"Someone get these two a room, please!\" He climbs out of the pool and walks over to his clothes before briefly turning to face Sloane. \"Hey, why don't you ever kiss me like that?\"[Chapter 11] This chapter is so long overdue. I'm so sorry! I haven't really been on here at all in the past few months. But I promised that I wouldn't give up on this story! So, here is chapter 11! There will be one more chapter following this, then maybe a one-shot. I still have to figure that part out. Thanks for the reviews, the support, and for being faithful readers. Enjoy! At Cameron's house, the four of us sit on a small stretch of rock wall near the entrance of the garage. We are all dripping wet from the pool since we hadn't had much time to dry off before we realized what time it was, and remembered that we had to return the Ferrari. Cameron had panicked for a moment back at my aunt's house until Ferris, Sloane, and I had talked him down from an anxiety attack. My hand hasn't left Cameron's since then. He gently strokes my hand with the pad of his thumb, absentmindedly making circles in the comfortable silence. I fight the intense urge to smile but, damn it, he just makes me so happy. A warm, embarrassing, brick red blush creeps onto my cheeks. I turn away from everyone, letting my hair fall onto my face to cover my cheeks, powdered red with excitement. Sloane giggles as an indicator that she's seen me. \"Feeling alright, Wendy?\" she asks. \"I'm great!\" I chirp. \"Just waiting like everybody else.\" It it suddenly silent except for the sound of the roaring car engine in the garage. Cameron kicks around a few pebbles on the drive by his feet. He seems to be in deep thought, even raising his hand to push the fringe from his eyes. Ah, those eyes that bait me. Just as I open my mouth to make a smart remark, he sighs and looks down to his feet. \"That whole time, I was just thinking things over. I was like... meditating.\" He pauses, then looks up to meet each of our eyes once before lowering his head again. \"Then I sort of watched myself from the inside. I realized it was ridiculous being afraid, worrying about everything, wishing I was dead .\" I cringe. Cameron's calloused hand tightens around my own as if to offer protection. Only, it should be me that protects him... from everything. From his father. From the world. It could swallow that poor boy whole if a hand isn't there for him to grasp onto as he fears his final moments approaching. I couldn't imagine the world without my resident hypochondriac. My best friend. My... boyfriend? My boyfriend. My boyfriend... That's gonna take some getting used to. \"All that shit,\" he begins again. \"I'm tired of it.\" Cameron looks up, an optimistic glow in his eyes. \"Today was the best day of my life. I'm going to miss you guys next year.\" I frown, suddenly coming to the painful realization that we'd all be going to different colleges next year, with the exception of Sloane. What if long distance doesn't work? What if I find someone I like pissing off more than Cameron? What if all of our relationships come to a close? What the hell am I going to do? Sighing heavily, I lean my head on Cameron's shoulder and give his side a comforting squeeze. \"Cameron,\" Sloane starts. \"Can I ask you a question?\" \"Yeah.\" Sloane opens her mouth, a grin forming on her face. She seems to be searching for the right words to her question. \"Did you see Wendy and I change out of our clothes by the jacuzzi?\" I raise an eyebrow and turn to look at Cameron. \"Did you?\" I ask. He blushes bright red, grins, and turns his face away from everyone. \"You saw us?\" Sloane asks. \"I thought you were catatonic.\" Nonchalantly, Sloane shrugs her shoulders. \"That's okay. I'm not embarrassed.\" \"Neither am I,\" I say. \"You were bound to see it all eventually.\" Cameron's blush quickly deepens. He releases his hold on my hand and stands up from his spot on the small stretch of rock wall. \"I'd better check on the car,\" he says, walking away toward the garage while gingerly pulling on his suspenders. \"So cute, isn't he?\" I ask, unable to contain the smile on my face. Ferris scoffs and Sloane just giggles. \"Hey, Ferris!\" calls Cameron from the garage, urgency apparent in his voice. \"Yeah?\" Ferris stands up and walks to garage. Sloane and I both follow closely behind, curiously standing around the Ferrari while Cameron leans in to look at the odometer. \"The miles aren't coming off going in reverse!\" Sighing, Ferris pushes Cameron out of the way. \"I thought that might be a problem,\" he says, continuously tapping on the glass of the odometer with his middle finger. \"We have to open the odometer and roll it back by hand.\" \"No,\" says Cameron. \"Forget it. Forget it.\" After a pause, Cameron says, \"I've got to take a stand.\" He looks down at the car, whispering, \"I'm bullshit.\" Cameron pushes his hair back with one hand and heaves a sigh. \"I put up with everything,\" he says, near tears. \"My old man pushes me around and... I never say anything. He's not the problem.\" Cameron shakes his head. \"I'm the problem. I've got to take a stand. I've got to take a stand against him. I am not going to sit on my ass as the events that affect me unfold to determine the course of my life. I'm going to take a stand and defend it. Right or wrong, I'm going to defend it.\" I stare, completely dumbfounded, at Cameron. Where is all of this coming from? I never imagined in one million years that Cameron Frye would open up like that. Suddenly, everything about him takes a darker tone; his posture, flaming eyes, and the shadowy look on his face intimidate me. As Cameron rounds the front of the car from my side, slowly, I round the back to stand beside Ferris and Sloane. They look just as shocked as I probably do. \"He's losing it,\" Ferris mumbles. He places two protective hands on the small of my back and on the small of Sloane's back. \"I'm so sick of this shit,\" Cameron whispers to himself. In front of the Ferrari, Cameron seems to stand much taller and much straighter, like a sudden surge of confidence is coursing through him. He takes a few slow, menacing step backward before running forward and kicking the front of the Ferrari. \"I can't stand him and I hate this goddamn car.\" Kick. \"Who do you love?\" Kick. I turn around as I cannot bear to watch Cameron flip like this. \"Who do you love?\" Kick. \"You love a car!\" Sloane steps forward, probably to stop Cameron or to comfort him, but Ferris pulls her back by her forearm. \"You son of a bitch!\" Kick. Kick. Kick. Kick. Kick. They seem never-ending. He grows tired and leans forward with his hands on his knees, quietly panting. \"Shit,\" he laughs tonelessly, out of breath. \"I dented the shit out of it.\" Cameron stands up straight, two hands continuously running through his hair. \"Good. My father will see what I did. I can't hide this. He'll come home and he'll have to deal with me...\" He stares blankly at the dented Ferrari, then at the three of us. Cameron chuckles for a moment, \"I don't care. I really don't. I'm just tired of being afraid. To hell with him!\" He waves his hand through the air dismissively. \"I can't wait to see the look on the bastard's face.\" Cameron puts his foot on the grill and leans forward against the Ferrari, knocking the post from under the back of the car. Cameron falls down and the Ferrari flies backward through the giant glass window. Everyone shields themselves from the shards of glass until everything seems to settle around us. There is a loud crashing noise as well as the deflated splutter of an engine dying. Ferris, Sloane, and I all share a look before approaching the window cautiously and looking down. That poor, poor, beautiful Ferrari. Ferris kicks a shard of glass out of the garage and into the woody area below. \"What did I do?\" asks Cameron quietly. \"What did I do?\" Ferris glances back at him with a somber look on his face. \"You killed the car.\" \" Murdered the car,\" I mumble to myself. Cameron approaches the broken window and stands behind me, looking over my shoulder at the smoking Ferrari. A strange smell floats through the air, likely exhaust fumes or something... I think. I don't know a fucking thing about cars. \"Whoa,\" he breathes. I can feel his breath on my neck and it sends shivers down my spine. \"Holy shit!\" he screams, holding his head in his hands. He backtracks and stares at the skid marks on the garage floor. \"It's my fault,\" Ferris says, turning around to face him. \"I'll take the heat for it. When he comes home, we'll tell him that I did it. He hates me anyway. I'll take it.\" \"So that he can sue your pants off, Ferris?\" I ask. \"No fucking way!\" \"You've got a better idea?\" \"I haven't got any ideas! I just know that your idea is an awful one!\" \"If you've got no ideas then you can't judge mine!\" \"He'll find a way to put you in jail, Ferris. Jail!\" \"He can't do that!\" After a pause, he timidly asks, \"Can he?\" \"Hey, stop arguing,\" Cameron says. \"I'll take it. I'll take it.\" Ferris rapidly shakes his head. \"No, you don't want this much heat. I made you take the car, Cameron. Let me take it.\" \"I could have stopped you,\" says Cameron, grinning from ear to ear. \"Even Ferris Bueller is unstoppable.\" There's a light in his eyes that I have never seen before. \"I want it. I'm going to take it, that's it. When Lawrence comes home, he and I will just have a little chat. It's cool. It's gonna be good. Thanks anyway.\" He checks his wristwatch and curses, silently noting the time. \"You've all got to get home before your parents. I'll drive?\" Cameron and I drop Sloane and Ferris off first at Sloane's house. Apparently, the two lovebirds have to speak in private about something. Ferris reaches through the passenger's side window, grabs the side of my head, and plants a kiss into my hair. He mumbles something very inappropriate into my ear, leaving my eyes wide with shock and disgust. I swat him away and he laughs, taking Sloane under his arm and leading her away toward her front door. \"Don't rush,\" I tell Cameron as he pulls the car off of the curb. \"My parents are probably already home.\" \"Won't you get into trouble?\" he asks, an eyebrow raised. I shrug my shoulders and kick my feet up onto the dashboard, leaning my head onto my knuckles. The breeze picks up and takes some of my hair out of the window while the rest is sucked into a tornado on top of my head. \"I'll lie, I guess. I'll tell them that I asked you to take me to the doctor's. My dad already knows that I'm not sick so it's just my mom that I have to deal with.\" Cameron scoffs, \"Oh, how I wish the same for myself.\" I look over at him. His posture isn't stiff like it normally is when he's at the wheel, it's relaxed. Cameron has a nonchalant look on his face that I rarely ever get to see. \"You know,\" I begin while turned to face him, my legs still on the dashboard. I put my elbow on the armrest and tuck my chin into my hand. \"You're very brave, Cameron Frye.\" He chuckles, his shoulders vibrating. \"Am I really?\" I nod. \"Yeah, brave. I mean, look at you. You're driving with one hand!\" Cameron shakes his head, a smile on his face. \"No, but really. Your dad sounds like a scary guy. I think that for you to go up against him is very brave...\" I drawl, winking. \"And sexy.\" I expect him to freeze up like he always does. Part of me almost wants him to freeze up, just to know that the Old Cameron is still in there somewhere. But, he doesn't. He doesn't lock up like the Old Cameron would, he just smiles wide and bumps elbows with me. I smirk at him and grab his free hand in my own. \"I'm not gonna be scared anymore,\" he says with certainty. \"I don't want to be.\" So, Old Cameron is gone, I suppose. New Cameron tightens his grip on my hand and shoots me a reassuring smile. I can't wait to kiss that grin off of his face as soon as he parks the car at my house.[Chapter 12] Well, here we are! It's been a rather bumpy ride, but thank you to everyone who has stuck with me through my sporadic updating habits. This is going to sound really corny, but I fell in love with Wendy while writing this story. I'm sad to see her go. Maybe in the future I'll write a one-shot for Wendy and Cam, but that's not my main focus anymore. Thank you all once again for your reviews and kindness. Enjoy! When we reach my house, I hurry to unbuckle myself. Cameron grunts when I awkwardly throw myself onto him, but doesn't seem too bothered when I take his face into my hands and kiss him full on the mouth. He places one hand on the back of my head and places the other on my upper arm, gently pulling me in closer to him. The buckle of my seat belt continuously jabs me in the side. I guess that's what I get for leaning over the shifter tray between our seats just to kiss him. \"You've—got—to—go,\" says Cameron between rapid kisses. \"Your parents are going to be suspicious with my car idling in front of their house,\" he adds, his lips gently pressed against my own. \"Just a few more seconds,\" I reply, taking his bottom lip between my teeth. \"I'm really enjoying this,\" I whisper. He pulls away from my mouth and looks me straight in my eyes. I remember them when we were at the top of the Sears Tower, how they looked so completely void of everything and anything. I remember how their iciness scared me. Well, they are anything but empty this time around. I see compassion, hope, happiness, and a small flame of courage. They look so beautiful that I almost want to take them out of his head and keep them in a mason jar or something. \"Come on, Wen,\" he says, carefully smoothing out the goose bumps on my arms. \"Just be a good teenager for once and listen to me.\" Cameron pecks my lips once—that bastard—and gestures toward the front door with his head. \"Come on, I'll walk you. If you're going to lie, it's gotta be believable.\" I frown, but I don't argue with him. There would be no point anyway. I move away from him, string my sling bag over my shoulder, and open the passenger's side door to get out. Cameron's door opens and closes quickly. He is soon on my side of the car, slamming the door shut with the palm of his hand. I walk in front of him for the entire walk to the front door. As soon as I push the door open, my mother is suddenly in front of me, the entire phone set in her hand with the cord trailing from where ever she came from. Oh God. \"And just where the hell have you been?\" she seethes, trying hard not to scream at me in front of Cameron. \"Cutting class,\" says Doug as he tosses an apple into the air, catches it, and bounds up the staircase. That's okay, Doug. I hope you enjoy the saliva in your pillowcase. \"You had better tell me that he's lying, Wendy Louise.\" I cringe. Why does she always use my middle name when she's angry with me? \"Sure, mom, listen to the pothead,\" I begin. Her mouth hangs agape until she quickly closes it. \"I tried the lukewarm bath and got back into bed, but I couldn't go to sleep. I was so pained that I could barely move. I didn't want to risk driving myself, especially with how my car is at the moment. I didn't want to take you or dad out of work, so I just called Cameron and asked him if he could drive me to the doctor's office,\" I say, motioning toward Cameron with my hand. \"The wait was crazy long for urgent care, so I just told Cameron to drive me back home.\" I motion to my spot on the rug at the front door. \"So, here I am.\" Her eyes are acutely narrowed. She opens her mouth to say something before my dad rounds the corner and throws his arms into the air with a smile on his face. \"You're finally home, sweet pea!\" he chirps. Gently, he puts a hand on my shoulder and begins to lead me away to the staircase. \"I'm sorry that I couldn't answer your call earlier today, but I got the voice mail. I'm glad you have such a good friend like Cameron to drive you around while you're unable to.\" My dad turns around to face Cameron and sticks his hand out, clasping Cameron's in a firm handshake. \"Thanks, son.\" \"Uh,\" Cameron mutters, dumbfounded. \"It was no problem, Mr. Halifax. She's helped me out a few times, it was only right to return the favor.\" Dad nods, grinning. \"Well, thank you again. Get home safe, will you?\" Cameron nods. \"Yes, sir. Of course.\" Cameron turns to leave, but quickly turns back around. \"Feel better, Wendy. I'll see you later.\" \"Thanks! Bye, Cameron!\" I call, trying not to stumble while climbing the staircase. My father's hand is still on my shoulder, guiding me up the stairs and to my room. He quickly pushes me inside and closes the door behind himself. \"Dad—\" I begin, lowering myself to sit on the edge of my bed. \"You owe me,\" he says strictly, pointing a finger in my direction. Promptly, he leaves the room with the door open. That was way too close. Later that night as I lay in bed, just on the verge of sleep, I hear the clink of glass. Clink. Clink. I rub my eyes tiredly. Sluggishly, I swing my legs off of the side of my bed, stretch my arms, and yawn. Clink. Clink. What the hell is that sound? I open my bedroom door and peek out into the dark, empty hallway. No one else seems to have stirred out of their sleep because of those sounds. I go back into my room and shut the door quietly before climbing back into bed. Before I even have the chance to throw the duvet over my head, the sound comes back, louder than ever. \" Wendy ,\" I hear faintly. My mind wrought with confusion, I get out of my bed once more and go to the casement window of my room. It's so dark outside that I can't see anything. Something clinks against the window again and I flinch away from it in surprise. Who the hell is throwing things at my window this late at night? I crank the window open and push it the rest of the way to its full width. I sit on the sill and stick my head out of the window just as a stone is thrown in my direction. It's small, so it doesn't hurt when it hits my face. \"Whoever is out here throwing things at my window, I'll kill you,\" I whisper venomously. \"Wendy!\" A voice half-whisper, half-shouts. A familiar voice. \"Cameron?\" I ask into the darkness. \"Why the fuck are you throwing rocks at my window? Are you crazy? You could have woken up my parents!\" There's a whimper in the dark. \"Cameron? Cameron? Are you okay? Talk to me!\" \"Can you let me in first?\" Cameron asks. I nod, although he can't see me. \"Come around to the front. I'll let you in,\" I say while cranking the window closed. Quickly and quietly, I tip-toe down the staircase with my hand following the banister in the darkness. I flick on the porch light before unlocking the front door. When I open it, Cameron stands in full view of the yellow light and in full view of me. I gasp quietly, both hands flying to cover my mouth. Cameron is covered in cuts and bruises. His white tee shirt is bloodied and ripped at the hem on the sleeve. He's missing one suspender strap and his tan khaki pants and stained brown with dirt. I try very hard not to lose my composure or cry. He still manages a small smile through his split lip and keeps the glimmer in his eyes despite the black rings around one of them. \"Hey, Wen,\" he whispers. I can tell that he's in a lot of pain. I want to leap forward to hug him, but I fear that I might break him. \"Cameron,\" I whisper, my voice breaking. \"Come in. Come in,\" I motion him inside and close the door behind him. It is dark again. I find his hand and lead him quietly up the staircase and into my bedroom, closing the door. I flick on my desk lamp and take in his mangled entirely once more. \"What the hell happened?\" Cameron shrugs, and then winces. \"I stood up to my dad… and then he proceeded to beat the shit out of me,\" he answers, chuckling. \"I'm glad that you're able to be comical about it,\" I say, one hand still over my mouth. \"Shit. I can't believe he did this to you.\" \"I can,\" he says. \"I'm glad he did.\" \"Huh?\" He smiles, holding out part of his tee shirt to me. \"This isn't mine,\" Cameron replies. My mouth hangs completely agape. \"You—\" I cannot believe what I'm hearing. \"You… hit your dad? That blood is from him?\" He nods. \"But—I—how—what the fuck?\" He takes a seat on the edge of my bed as to not dirty my linens. \"I swung first,\" he answers, showing me his bruised, blood-crusted knuckles. \"I told him about the Ferrari before he'd had the chance to see it. When he did see it, he completely flipped shit. I had never seen him so angry. I told him that I wasn't going to let him walk all over me anymore. I really gave it to him. Then he insulted you, all of you actually. Said that my friends were \"fucking no good punks\" and other shit like that. So, I hit him. I knew that if I didn't swing first, I wouldn't be able to get any hits in after that.\" Cameron laughs again. \"He actually kicked me out of the door. Kicked me out with his feet. He told me to never come back, not even if my mother begs me to when she returns from vacation, never come back.\" I don't know how to reply. I can't even begin to formulate a reply at the moment. My mouth opens, and then closes quickly with a clank. \"You don't have to say anything,\" he says. \"I'm alright. I really am. You were the first person I wanted to tell.\" \"W—where are you gonna stay, Cameron?\" I ask. \"Ferris and his family will have no problem putting me up until college,\" he replies. \"It won't be long. I'm actually going to head over there in a few minutes to throw some rocks at his window too.\" \"My God,\" I say, turning around so that my back faces him. I hold my face in my hands and finally let myself cry, seeing as I am unable to hold everything in anymore. It's not long before I'm crouching on the ground, bawling into my hands. Cameron wraps his arms around me and guides me back to my bed where I sit on the edge with him. \"Hey,\" he says. \"I should be the one crying,\" Cameron laughs. He rubs my shoulder and pulls me into his chest. \"Come on. Come on. Stop crying. I'll be fine.\" After a few more minutes of crying into a dry patch of his tee shirt, I wipe my face on the back of my hand. Sniffling, I ask, \"Can I at least clean you up before you leave? It's the least I can do.\" Smiling that Cameron smile, he nods and follows me into the bathroom. Occasionally, I plant gentle kisses on his neck while cleaning the cuts on his face with peroxide. He winces and holds onto my waist, slowly lifting up the fabric of my shirt to thumb small circles on my skin. This isn't the way it's supposed to be, but I must admit that for the time being, it's nice. ","Summary":" Hello! I'm taking a step away from action, sci-fi and adventure for a moment to try something new. "},{"Movie":"Ferris Bueller's Day Off","Title":"Mr Bueller Goes to Washington","Author":"Bob Wright","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12621079","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MR. BUELLER GOES TO WASHINGTON BY BOB WRIGHT AUTHOR'S NOTE: Ferris Bueller's Day Off and all related characters and indicia are registered trademarks of Paramount Pictures Corporation and the John Hughes Estate or whatever similar entity would apply. And now, as always, sit back and enjoy the story. \"Those moments. Those once in a lifetime moments you remember for the rest of your life. The moments where you know you've crossed a threshold from which there's no going back. This is one of them: the very last day of school.\" With a deep grin, Ferris Bueller rolled onto his back on his bed and stared dreamily at his ceiling in the early morning light. \"Thirteen years I've waited for this moment. The day I wouldn't have to worry about going to school anymore. Now it's here,\" he declared out loud, as if somehow narrating to an invisible person in the room, \"How do I feel? Glad, of course; school's too much of a drag to not be glad to see it go. But leaving behind the world you've known for so long...well, even for someone like me, that's a little hard. To say goodbye for good to all those familiar faces you've become friends with, to know most of them you'll only see at reunions from here on...yeah, it's a little hard. But, like all things in life, it's something we've got to do. Especially with the world waiting for you. Now in my case...\" There came a knock on the door. \"Ferris, breakfast's going to be ready in about five minutes,\" his mother stuck her head through the door. \"Right, I'll be down in a flash, Mom,\" Ferris gave her a thumbs-up and hauled himself out of bed. \"I'll also admit, part of me will miss the home environment here after I move on to college, knowing I won't be able to pull things as easily in the real world as I have here,\" he continued his pseudo-narration to seemingly no one in particular, \"And even though they have to be the most gullible people on the planet, fact is, my parents have been good to me, and I will miss them,\" a slightly crestfallen look crossed his face. He quickly shook it off, though, with a grin and, \"But, the real world waits for no one, and running from it isn't going to do anyone any good. So might as well charge right into it and see what happens.\" He dressed quickly and bustled downstairs into the living room, making straight for the sofa, which was covered with several large blankets. \"Cameron, rise and shine, it's last day of school time!\" he declared grandly, shaking the blankets. There was a low groan underneath them. \"Do I really have to get up now, Ferris?\" came the almost frustrated voice underneath, \"I was just having the greatest dream I've ever had, that I strapped my dad into the Ferrari and shoved him and it over the Grand Canyon. I want to keep reliving it.\" \"Perhaps tonight, my friend; right now, we are just eight hours away from the end of school as we know it, and you don't want to miss that, do you?\" Ferris urged him. With another groan, the blankets slowly toppled to the floor. \"Figures my good dreams can't last,\" Cameron Frye grumbled, rising up and wiping his eyes. \"Morning, Cameron,\" Mr. Bueller, coming down the stairs himself, greeted Ferris's friend, \"Have a good night sleep?\" \"Yeah, thanks, Mr. Bueller,\" Cameron cracked a small grin. \"You probably already guessed, Ferris, but I wish it could have been like this for longer than just a few months,\" he confessed to his friend, \"Finally, here, I feel like I'm really home. And now, it's going to have to end again...\" With a sad shake of his head, he lumbered upstairs to get dressed. Ferris nodded softly. \"If you've been wondering,\" he spoke out loud again to some imagined audience, \"Cameron's father didn't take the Ferrari being wrecked well at all. In fact, he pulled a gun and went on a rampage. Thank God nobody got hurt; Cameron locked himself in the closet and called the cops, and they got there in time. Now Mr. Morris Frye is Illinois inmate number 45-2349 for the next five years on reckless endangerment charges-a bit cruel to take in, perhaps, but given the man loved his car more than his son, perhaps hard time'll teach him a good hard lesson on life. The funny thing is, without her husband to scream at anymore, Cameron's mother had a nervous breakdown and had to be institutionalized. Oh, she'll be all right in a couple months, but it strange to think all the hate for Cameron's father kept her sane. Anyway, my parents offered Cameron the chance to stay here until graduation, and to be honest, I don't think he's been happier than since he arrived. I've always known he felt more at home here than he did at his house. Maybe Mom and Dad should have tried it years ago; then...\" \"What on earth are you doing!?\" his sister was now at the bottom of the stairs, giving him a bizarre look, \"Why do you keep on monologuing like that when no one's around!?\" \"Well plot exposition has to go somewhere, Jeannie,\" Ferris explained matter-of-factually. \"What plot exposition!? It's not like we're...\" Jeannie started to protest. \"Jeannie, breakfast's on the table,\" her mother came down the stairs, her tone practically shooing her daughter off. Rolling her eyes, Jeannie trudged for the kitchen. \"All right, Ferris, stand right over there by the front door,\" grinning, his mother had a camera in hand, \"Let's try and freeze this moment forever.\" \"With pleasure, Mom,\" Ferris walked to the door and struck a comical pose with his arms outstretched. Laughing, Mrs. Bueller took his picture. \"Cameron, come stand with Ferris,\" she told him as he came back downstairs, fully dressed now, \"For being Ferris's best friend all these years, you deserve it too.\" Again cracking a small smile, Cameron walked over to the door, allowing Ferris to playfully put him in a headlock for the next photo. \"Very cute, boys,\" Mrs. Bueller chuckled, \"OK, breakfast's on the table.\" \"Blueberry pancakes?\" Ferris asked knowingly. \"For my soon to be high school graduate, of course,\" she rubbed his shoulder. Ferris bustled into the kitchen, where his father had just finished brewing coffee. \"Hey, good morning, high school grad,\" he greeted his son warmly, shaking his hand, \"I'm so proud of you, Ferris-you too, Cameron,\" he greeted Ferris's friend, \"How does it feel to have made it to the last day?\" \"Amazing, Dad; never thought I'd make it,\" Ferris said quickly, \"I'm just glad school's finally over and done with.\" \"I know you are...\" Jeannie mumbled under her breath at the table. \"Now Jeannie, be nice,\" Mrs. Bueller gave her a firm look, \"We've made it clear we're not going to tolerate any sibling rivalries in this house anymore...\" \"Don't worry about it, Mom; I know she didn't mean anything by it,\" Ferris told her; although he didn't often show it openly, he had vowed to cover Jeannie's back after she'd bailed him out at the end of his day off a few months ago, which he figured was the least he could do for her given she'd managed to keep him from serving another year of high school. \"Oh, OK then,\" Mr. Bueller accepted this. \"And good morning to you, my lovely,\" he gave his wife a kiss, \"Think you'll finally get the Vermont deal done today?\" \"I hope so, provided nothing else goes wrong,\" Mrs. Bueller shot Jeannie another stern look, \"If not, it probably won't take too much longer. How about you?\" \"Mr. Shirley wants me to look over some new marketing ideas he has in mind for cereals; I'll be going over the notes with Clark right after lunch. I'll have to make it quick, though, he'll be going on vacation to Hawaii at the end of the week. Hope he comes out all right with that; every time the poor guy goes out on vacation, something goes horribly wrong for him.\" \"I guess that's how it is with some people, Dad,\" Ferris shrugged, \"But we all need a vacation sometimes. President Simmons, for example,\" he pointed at the kitchen TV, where the president could be seen boarding Air Force One, \"I think he'll need his two weeks in the Middle East to get away from all the backbiting in Washington.\" \"Half of which he caused,\" Mr. Bueller rolled his eyes, \"Don't ever enter politics, Ferris; they turn you into something you'll hate later. Oh, by the way, has your class decided where you're going on their senior trip yet?\" \"Nope. There's been too much back and forth between everyone; no one can seem to agree. I hope they can soon; I really want to...\" A car horn blew out front. \"And that's our ride; Cameron,\" Ferris nodded at his friend, who took a quick final bite of his pancakes and rose up, \"Have a good day Mom, Dad.\" \"Have a great day, son,\" his father hugged him, \"We're so proud of you, again.\" \"We're proud of you too, Cameron; you deserve this after everything you've been through,\" Mrs. Bueller hugged Cameron as well. \"Thanks, Mrs. Bueller,\" Cameron cracked a wide smile this time. He followed Ferris out the door, where a familiar car was waiting for them at the curb. \"You're a little early today,\" he told the driver. \"I asked her to be, Cameron; might as well savor the final moments before we enter Shermer High for the last time. And how is the loveliest cheerleader on the squad?\" Ferris leaned in the driver's side window. \"So proud of the most popular kid in school finally earning the right to get out of it,\" smiling herself, Sloane Petersen leaned forward and gave him a kiss, \"A little sad, though, that I'll have a year left without you or Cameron...\" her expression fell. \"Though my physical body may leave Shermer High forever after today, my spirit shall walk the halls forever,\" Ferris proclaimed grandly, climbing into the front passenger seat while Cameron climbed in the back, \"Tell all the other undergraduates to remember that always.\" \"I'll try,\" she pulled out into traffic, \"Longest possible route without being late?\" \"You know it,\" Ferris leaned back confidently in his seat, \"You know, it has been quite a ride to get to here, and I'm quite glad to have shared it with you a good part of the way,\" he affectionately stroked his girlfriend's hair, \"Now what I'd wish for is one last hurrah of some kind. One last big way to leave my mark in Shermer High before I leave for good.\" \"Even though you hate the place with every ounce of your being?\" Cameron cracked from the back seat. \"Just because I don't like school doesn't mean I don't have hometown pride, or the wish to make a big difference, Cameron,\" Ferris reminded him, \"And I just know that opportunity will present itself if we just wait for it.\" \"Mmm,\" was the best Cameron could come up with in return. He glanced at the window at the streets of Shermer rolling by. \"Who do you think the guest speaker for the last day of school sendoff's going to be? Knowing Rooney, it'll probably be the Joliet warden saying he'll be glad to see all of us ten years after graduation.\" \"Nah, I think Mr. Rooney's been cowed a little bit after he couldn't catch me on our day off,\" Ferris predicted, \"Still, it is interesting to guess who they did choose this year...\" \"Therefore, it is my distinct honor to introduce to you a former aluminum...uh, alumni of this school, who, from bumble roots...HUMBLE roots, has risen up to a position of exalted status. Boys and girls, please give a big hand to your senior United States Senator from Illinois, Mr. Robert J. Tannen,\" school secretary Grace Vine stumbled through her introductory speech to the packed Shermer High gymnasium. The applause was scattered and half-hearted, including Ferris's atop the bleachers. \"If he was the best they could come up with, they must have really been desperate this year,\" he asided to Sloane and Cameron next to him. \"Well I've heard he and Mr. Rooney go way back as friends,\" Sloane surmised. She turned her gaze to the podium in the middle of the gym as Senator Tannen stepped to the microphone. \"Good afternoon, Shermer High, and go Bulldogs!\" he declared loudly with a fist pump, getting a somewhat louder applause, \"You know, in my twelve years in Washington, I've come to serve on a lot of key committees that help make life in this great nation of ours great. But I've never forgotten where I've come from, right here in Shermer, Illinois. It seems like just yesterday I was one of you, walking these halls,\" he did an over the top exhale, \"It seems like a lifetime ago. I came from a poor family, so we had to struggle to keep me in school. But it was worth it, and from my degree, I've spun the career you see on the nightly news every day. So all you kids remember, stay in school, and you'll go far, just like me. In fact, since I'm here, I'm going to let you kids be the first to know a big announcement I've had in the works for a while now: I have decided to run for President of the United States!\" Again, the applause was half-hearted at best. \"President of the United States!\" Tannen declared again, confused at the tepid response. \"I've decided that I can best serve my country by leading it. I think I am best qualified for the job out of all the candidates who have committed to the next election so far. With my record of cleaning up urban blight and putting Illinoisans back to work, I would do the same for the country and lead it back to full greatness...\" \"YOU LIAR!\" came a sudden strong shout from the bottom of the bleachers, snapping Ferris out of the funk the speech had been putting him in. He looked up to see a boy with glasses jump up and storm towards the podium despite several of his classmates' attempts to pull him back. \"You ruined my family, Tannen!\" he shouted furiously at the senator, \"\"You got my father's store shut down...!\" \"Uh, I'm sorry, young man, I don't think we've met before...\" Tannen squinted at him. \"Yes you have! I'm Jerry Greenfield, in case you don't remember, and you stood outside my dad's grocery in Glencoe and said it was a relic that had to be swept away! Don't you remember that!? Or were you too busy taking the money from the developers!?\" \"All right, that's enough, young man!\" came the angry shout that sent a chill down Ferris's spine even while safely atop the bleachers. The intimidating figure of Edward R. Rooney, Dean of Students, rose up from his chair next to the podium. \"Either take a seat right now, buster, or it's detention!\" he warned the boy, \"Because I will not tolerate an attack on Senator Tannen when he's taken time out of his busy schedule to be here today!\" \"He worked hand in hand with the developers to ruin us, Mr. Rooney; somebody's got to confront him on...!\" \"All right, that's detention, mister!\" Rooney grabbed the boy's arm roughly and dragged him out of the gym, pausing only to shout, \"Shut up!\" at the other students booing him. \"Uh, well, anyway,\" Senator Tannen started again, wiping sweat from his forehead, \"I honestly don't know what that was about, kids, as I don't know whoever that was, but as I was saying, you are this country's future, and with me as president, you'll have ample opportunity to...\" \"Hmm,\" Ferris mused atop the bleachers, his brow furling, \"Remember what I said about that opportunity earlier to make an impact, guys?\" he turned to Sloane and Cameron, unconcerned with the rest of Tannen's speech, \"I think that opportunity just presented itself to us now.\" \"But are we sure he's got actual beef with the senator?\" Cameron seemed unconvinced. \"Cameron, why would he stand up and intercede if there wasn't?\" Sloane was frowning, \"Something did happen between them.\" \"Yeah; our good friend Mr. Tannen went visibly pale when he stood up and shouted him down,\" Ferris nodded, \"And look, he's still sweating good,\" he pointed to the senator, \"Something touched a nerve with him. So, with that in mind, what do you say we crash detention afterwards and see what the whole story is? If it is what I think it might be, we could be on the verge of making a bigger difference than I'd even hoped this morning.\"[Chapter 2] \"Ed, thanks for the invite here,\" Senator Tannen stepped into Rooney's office as the bell rang to end the last regular school day of the year. \"Thanks for coming, Bob,\" Rooney shook his hand, \"Sorry about that disturbance earlier; the kid's in detention, and he's going to stay there until I leave for the day.\" \"I never saw him before in my life, Ed,\" the senator said quickly. \"I'm not a reporter, Bob; if anything happened, I'm not holding you responsible,\" Rooney told him. He plopped back down behind his desk, \"Anyway, congratulations on the presidential run; I hope you get it. This country needs someone like you who can instill discipline.\" \"You haven't changed at all, Ed,\" Tannen chuckled. \"Discipline above all else for Edward R. Rooney. In fact,\" he leaned closer, \"This is strictly confidential, but I've got an offer for you. I'll need someone who can help run my campaign after I officially declare in a week or so. You were the first person I had in mind, Ed. Seeing how tight a ship you run here, I just know you'd do great managing a campaign. And if we win, I'd make sure you have an advisor position in the West Wing locked down, maybe even chief of staff.\" \"Do tell,\" Rooney's eyes lit up, \"Well Bob, I'll certainly give it some thought. I appreciate that you think that highly of me; seems no one else around here does,\" he muttered contemptuously. \"And if you say yes, Ed, I'll throw in a bonus,\" Tannen looked around, then leaned towards Rooney and said in a low voice, \"I'm getting a huge money bomb from Jimmy Coakley of Coakley Coal down in Carbondale. He's discovered a huge new vein underneath a state park near town; I get a hundred grand up front, and another five hundred grand if I get rid of all the regulations that'll keep him from digging there now. I'm willing to let you in on a cut as an old friend.\" \"Well, I do appreciate it, Bob. But didn't you stand up in front of Lake Michigan the other month and say we need to keep our waterways clean and all that?\" Rooney inquired with a raised eyebrow. \"It's all appearance, Ed; got to get those swing votes for the election. I could care less about those environmentalist freaks and their regulations. Business should always run unfettered, and if fossil fuels bring thousands of jobs, especially if they can profit me, then there's no such thing as climate change except as a foreign conspiracy against us,\" Tannen snorted. \"Besides, I earned this money from Coakley; after growing up on the wrong side of the tracks here, I've earned every cent I take in today.\" He checked his watch. \"Well, might as well get going, Ed. I have a quick meeting to take care of, then I've got a seven o'clock flight back to D.C.; I've got some donors I want to try and woo. Here's my number,\" he wrote it down on a spare piece of paper and handed it to the principal, \"Give my secretary a call any time if your answer's yes.\" \"I'll keep it in mind, Bob. Have a safe trip,\" Rooney waved goodbye. Once the senator had left, he let out an uncharacteristic yell of delight and pumped his fists excitedly. \"Well, you're certainly excited, Ed,\" Grace entered his office now. \"I certainly am, Grace; now I've finally got a golden ticket out of this hellhole,\" Rooney said with a grin, \"Because you're probably looking at the new chief advisor to the next president of the United States.\" \"Where? I don't see him in here, Ed,\" Grace looked around the office, confused. Rooney rolled his eyes in disgust. \"Besides those damn kids, I'll also be glad to get away from you, you airheaded twit...\" he muttered softly under his breath. \"What was that?\" Grace turned back towards him. \"Nothing, nothing,\" Rooney waved her off, \"Senator Tannen made me an offer I'd be insane to refuse. I'm leaving Shermer High behind, leaving all these wretched Ferris Bueller disciples to rot their lives away. No more them, and best of all,\" a devious look cross his face, \"No more Ferris Bueller again, ever.\" \"Yep, he's in there, just him and Mr. Knapper,\" Sloane whispered, staring through the window of Room 203, where the school's literature teacher was seated at the front desk, grading papers. \"At least it's just Mr. Knapper; if it was Mr. Vernon, this would be a suicide mission,\" Cameron muttered. \"Well thankfully, nobody at Shermer High ever has to worry about Mr. Vernon bothering them again, and count me among those who're grateful for that,\" Ferris said with a nod; he had been quite happy when the overbearing former school district superintendent and detention master had been fired a few months ago by the school board for professional misconduct at a citywide academic competition. \"OK, we'll try the simple approach this time,\" he told his friends, knocking on the door and letting himself in. \"Oh, hello, Ferris,\" Mr. Knapper greeted him, mildly confused. \"Afternoon Mr. Knapper. Mr. Steinberg asked me to tell you, he's got a few new ideas about the graduation ceremony he'd like to run by you. He said to wait out by his car; he was going the bathroom, but he'll be out soon enough,\" Ferris spun his alibi. \"Oh. Well, OK, I'll go see what he has in mind,\" Mr. Knapper took the bait and walked out the door. Ferris softly closed the door behind him. \"And since Mr. Steinberg's probably sound asleep in his office after trying to go over next year's history lectures, he'll probably wait a good long while out there, enough time for us to finish up in here,\" he said out loud with a nod. He walked towards the boy who'd confronted Senator Tannen. \"Hi,\" he greeted him, \"I think it's Jerry, isn't it?\" \"Yeah, Jerry Greenfield. You're Ferris Bueller, aren't you? Everyone in the school seems to know you,\" the boy asked. \"I'm the one and only,\" Ferris struck a heroic pose. \"I saw what happened earlier,\" he sat down at the desk next to Jerry's, \"I know you're new here to Shermer High, so I had to wonder, how exactly have you and Bob Tannen met?\" \"It's a long story, and there's probably nothing you could do about it...\" Jerry shook his head sadly. \"If anyone can do anything, it's Ferris,\" Sloane told him, putting her arm around Ferris and giving him an appreciative smile. \"Now what went wrong between you and the senator?\" \"OK, but it's a really sad story,\" Jerry took a deep, glum breath. \"I grew up in Glencoe, in a nice, tree-lined neighborhood, the kind you see in the movies as the perfect America,\" he began, \"My dad ran a grocery store around the corner; it wasn't too much, but it made for a nice living, even through changing shopping trends. Everything was great. Up till about a year and a half ago.\" His head slumped down on the desk. \"I clerked for Dad over the summers. I was stocking shelves the one day when this well-dressed guy came in, saying he was from Prince Construction. He offered Dad a buyout on the store and our house, saying the city was thinking of redeveloping. Dad refused, even after he was told everyone else had signed and even after the price got to a million dollars; he built that store himself, and he wanted to retire while still owning it. The guy left, but swore we'd made a mistake. Three weeks later, Senator Tannen held a big re-election rally in front of the store. We listened in as he called the whole neighborhood blighted and a relic of the past, and that it could all be made better through redevelopment. After the speech, he came into the store for a gallon of ice cream, and at the checkout, he told Dad he'd heard he refused. Told him that he was holding progress in the area back since he was the only one that hadn't taken a buyout offer. He offered five million himself on top of Prince's offer, plus a job on his re-election team. Dad ordered him out, saying he would not be bought, and he was going to stay in the neighborhood. I mean, yeah, there was some decline over the years, and it was starting to get a little blighted, but it was still a good place to live. And I liked it there. And then...and then...\" He choked up. \"I came to the store from school and found the front door open and shattered. Dad was on the floor, beaten badly. I thought it was a robbery at first, but the cash register was closed, and nothing was missing. The store was trashed, though, badly. And Dad...\" he broke into open tears, \"He's still a partial cripple today; he couldn't run the store anymore. We had no choice but to sell, and had to sell our house too. Ten seconds after we pulled away from the house for the last time, the bulldozers charged up the street and started knocking everything down. I couldn't bear to watch; it was just too painful. I drove by a few weeks ago; it's all office space, including an auxiliary headquarters for Prince Construction. How is that progress in creating jobs!?\" he roared out loud in frustration. He wiped his eyes and looked up at Ferris miserably. \"We're stuck in a dumpy apartment on the wrong side of the tracks here in Shermer now. Dad can't work at all; Mom's pulling two jobs to try and put enough money on the table to pay the bills, and it's a miracle I was able to stay in school till now. No way I'm going to college, though; I've got to get a real job to support them and my sisters. And I wanted so much to go; I wanted to be a doctor, but that's off the table with no chance for a degree...why did all this have to happen!?\" He slumped down on the desk and broke down again. \"That's just horrible,\" a stunned Sloane put her hand on his shoulder, \"And you think Senator Tannen conspired with the construction company to force you and your family and everyone else in the neighborhood out?\" \"I can't prove it, but I just know he did,\" hatred rose in Jerry's voice, \"Why else would he have come to Glencoe and preached progress if he wasn't going to profit from any redevelopment somehow!? But again, what good can anyone do!?\" the hate was replaced by depression, \"He's one of the most popular senators in Congress right now, and half the people in office here in the Chicago suburbs rode his coattails to get in, so no one's going to talk...\" \"Then in that case, allow me to offer my services in the whole situation,\" Ferris said, extending a hand to Jerry, \"Just give the word, and I promise to expose anything wrong that did happen in the whole matter, and bring the senator down from his mighty throne.\" \"But what can you do?\" Jerry frowned at him, \"You don't possibly know how to...\" \"Hey, he's Ferris Bueller; if he wants do something, it'll get done, believe me,\" Cameron said. He leaned close to Ferris and whispered in his ear, \"But how are we supposed to expose a senator, Ferris? Isn't this a little out of our league, even for us?\" \"Don't worry, Cameron, I have a plan formulating right now...and wouldn't you just know it, our ticket to phase one is at hand,\" Ferris noticed the familiar figure of senior class president Corey Jacobson and his father, Mr. Tom Jacobson, the senior class advisor, walking by the room outside. \"Tell you what, go take off,\" he told Jerry, \"Wait for us at the corner of Deutsch and Columbus; we'll pick you up there. I'm going to go set the snowball rolling.\" He bustled out the door before anyone could lodge a complaint. \"Hey Corey,\" he called to the class president down the hall. Corey turned around. \"Oh, Ferris, hi,\" he greeted him, which also brought his father to a stop, \"Surprised you'd still be here this late after class.\" \"Just taking care of a few things. Say, the class officers still haven't figured out where to go for the senior trip yet, have they?\" Ferris inquired. \"No, and I can't believe it,\" Corey shook his head in frustration, \"I can't believe six kids have to be so divided on something so simple. Why, have you got something?\" \"I think I do,\" a grin crossed Ferris's face, \"If you and your father here would be interested, I've got a great idea for us...\" \"Ferris Bueller suggested Washington, D.C.?\" Rooney frowned suspiciously in his office. \"And since Corey and I both decided it was better than what everyone else had proposed, we agreed,\" Mr. Jacobson told him, \"He's sending out the e-mails to the rest of the class right now. I'll call the airlines and hotels...\" \"You're calling no one, Tom, because I'm vetoing this decision,\" Rooney shook his head firmly, \"If Ferris suggested it, the senior class is not going to Washington.\" \"And why not!?\" \"Because Ferris obviously has an ulterior motive behind it, and I have a pretty good idea what it might be,\" Rooney mused darkly. \"Oh come off it, Ed. You're obsessed with Ferris Bueller. Sure, he missed a lot of days this year, but he's a good kid at heart,\" Mr. Jacobson protested. \"He was skipping school, Tom, making a mockery of you, me, and the entire faculty,\" Rooney growled, \"He made a fool out me too, when I tried to...\" \"YOU made a fool of yourself, Ed, wasting that whole day chasing after him,\" it was Mr. Jacobson's turn to glare the principal down, \"And where's your hard proof he was skipping? Because everything I saw said he was sick that day.\" \"Because you were dumb enough to believe everything everyone else said, Tom! I had him face to face, dead to rights outside his house, healthy as a horse...!\" \"And he said he was home in bed all day the next day in my class. So it's your word against his, Ed, and in America, it's innocent until proven guilty. I've made the decision, and we're going to Washington,\" Mr. Jacobson folded his arms defiantly across his chest. Rooney shot him a disgusted look. \"All right Tom, have it your way. They can go to Washington. BUT, there are conditions, first and foremost that I am coming along too, to make sure this trip goes off with a hitch,\" he said sternly, \"And furthermore, this trip will be a learning experience for them all; as far as they'll be concerned, they'll still be in the classroom. They will be made to learn, and they will not party at all. They will be held to strict curfews, and will not be allowed to wander off or do anything to deviate from the master plan I'm going to draw up for the trip.\" \"How are they supposed to have any fun then, Ed!?\" \"Fun, Tom, just went right out the window. Nobody is going to have any fun on this trip. They should consider that my parting gift to them for treating me with such overt contempt for the last few years.\" \"If that's how you feel, Ed, I'll have to ask you not to come.\" \"Oh I'm coming, Tom, or they don't go on any trip at all. That's the deal; take it or leave it,\" Rooney glared at him. Mr. Jacobson looked down at the ground. \"Agreed,\" he said bitterly. \"And you will uphold your end of the bargain here, Tom, because I will not tolerate anyone being lenient on Ferris or anyone on this trip. I expect utter discipline, and I will get, or else,\" Rooney warned him, \"Have I made myself clear?\" \"Yeah, you've made yourself clear. Now let me make myself clear,\" Mr. Jacobson leaned furiously in the principal's face, \"I don't like you at all, Ed. I never have, and it's easy to see why no one else in this school does either. And so you know, I've got the entire school board on speed dial, and with Vernon gone now, absolutely nobody's going to cover your back. So if I see you harassing Ferris Bueller or any other Shermer High kid on this trip, I press that speed dial button, and you follow Richard right out the door here. Am I loud and clear with that?\" \"Is that a threat!?\" Rooney rose up, furious. \"Yeah, I guess it is. Because I'm not afraid of you, Ed. And unlike you, I think these kids should enjoy their last days as Shermer High alumni. So don't force me to take any drastic action,\" Mr. Jacobson warned him with an accusing finger in Rooney's face. He turned and left the office. Rooney slouched down in his chair. \"Always thought we shouldn't have hired him...\" he muttered under his breath. \"Well, you two were really getting into it in here,\" Grace stuck her head in the office door. \"And for the record, Grace, I asked you never to eavesdrop on private conversations,\" Rooney frowned at her. \"But if you must listen in, the key point is beating Ferris Bueller at whatever his game is,\" he leaned forward with a determined look, \"I know he's weaving a web of conspiracy as we speak; I just have to find out what he's up to, and what he plans to do.\" \"Well it won't include Sloane Petersen's grandmother; she's dead, of course,\" Grace pointed out. Rooney rolled his eyes again and growled in frustration. \"Even after all that, you still believed that whole dead grandmother rubbish...!\" he muttered furiously. \"Oh dear, did I do something wrong?\" concern crossed Grace's face. \"Never mind,\" Rooney waved her off in disgust. \"What I have to do now is keep as tight a leash on Ferris on this trip as I can,\" he said darkly, a sadistic look growing in his eyes, \"Technically he may have graduated, but if I catch him out of line on this trip for anything, I can still deny him his diploma and hold him back, preferably indefinitely. The war's not over yet, Ferris,\" he grinned menacingly, \"I'm still going to dent your future worse than you can imagine. Because you are not ruining my meal ticket out of this place...\"[Chapter 3] \"OK team, gather round, I've got it all down pat,\" Ferris waved Sloane, Cameron, and Jerry around his desk, \"Now, obviously to make any headway with this, we have to prove beyond any doubt that Senator Tannen,\" he pointed at a crude stick figure with Tannen's name under it, \"Is in fact connected with Prince Construction,\" he drew a line to the firm's name elsewhere on the paper, \"and whoever the thugs were that attacked Jerry's father. Now, the obvious first step is to make sure we visit the Capitol on the trip; once we know exactly where Tannen's office is in the building, and his contact information therein, then we can have some fun and get started on trying to prove everything.\" \"What, are you suggesting we sneak into his office and rummage through his desks?\" Jerry looked skeptical. \"And probably hack his computer and tap his phone too while we're at it,\" Cameron muttered with a resigned sigh, \"I know you say you can never go too far, Ferris, but this is really pushing the envelope,\" he advised his friend worriedly, \"Skipping school and making phony phone calls to Ed Rooney is one thing; breaking into the personal files of a United States senator is another. I'm not sure I want to be part of this...\" \"But it's for a good cause, Cameron,\" Sloane, in contrast, was fully on board. \"Is it worth forty years in prison or more if we get caught!?\" Cameron countered. \"Look, I'm sorry, Cameron, but if it's as bad as Jerry says it is, we probably have no choice,\" Ferris shook his head, \"Sure, crooks in the real world are dumber than they are in the movies, but if Senator Tannen is aiding and abetting a corrupt developer or worse, he's going to keep the evidence hidden tight. We'll have to take a few chances.\" \"That's all you ever do,\" Cameron rolled his eyes. \"And it's paid off so far. Remember what I always say, Cam, about life?\" \"It moves by too fast, and if you don't stop and look around once and a while, you'll miss it.\" \"Exactly. But there's an additional caveat I live by: if you don't use that break from life for the better, it's hardly worth taking. I know that may seem hard to believe with some of the things we've done over the years, but I have to make life count for something. That's why I took that day off: to give you the best day of your life that your folks were too busy being spiteful materialistic idiots with each other to give you. And that's what I'm doing now: trying to right the wrong that's been done to Jerry's family and everyone else that may have been strong-armed out of that neighborhood. For justice, the ends almost always justify the means.\" \"Well, I'm sort of with Cameron, Ferris; you're proposing some pretty risky stuff,\" Jerry still wasn't on board either, \"If we go to jail, who's going to help support my family?\" \"We're not going to jail, trust me on that, I promise,\" Ferris assured him. \"Now,\" he turned back to the \"battle plan,\" \"Once we have Tannen's phone number and e-mail address, we can probably go back to when the buyouts started and see who he was communicating with; you said it was a year and a half ago you got the first offer to sell?\" he turned to Jerry, who nodded, \"All right, we'll probably go back two years, then. When we go through his office, we'll probably try and get his schedule for the week we're in town; that way, we can follow him around if we need to dig up dirt-and, in the unlikely event we fail to expose whatever's going on, we can set something up to humiliate him openly at some point along the line...you all getting this, folks?\" he looked up and asked out loud, as if to an imaginary audience. \"Huh?\" Jerry frowned, confused. \"Never mind, you wouldn't get it,\" Ferris shook his head, \"Anyway, it seems likely we'll have to shake Rooney at some point, so we'll...\" \"And what exactly are we cooking up in here?\" Jeannie unwelcomely thrust her head in his bedroom door, \"Are we planning to break the Unabomber out of maximum security now or something along those lines!?\" \"Oh no, Jeannie, nothing of the sort. We are engaged in a noble cause for truth, justice, and the American way,\" Ferris declared grandly and innocently. \"Cameron...\" Jeannie glared at her brother's friend for a full explanation. \"Actually, it is like he says; he wants to help Jerry here get back at Senator Bob Tannen for possibly driving his family out of their home and business,\" Cameron told her, pointing at the other boy, \"I have my doubts, but if it's for a good cause, what the hell, might as well go out with a bang.\" \"And we'd appreciated secrecy, if you wouldn't mind,\" Sloane pressed Jeannie with a glare. Jeannie rolled her eyes and marched right up to Ferris. \"I get a new car, a new computer, you attend every single one of my field hockey games next year in the front row no matter where you go to college, and you get Mom and Dad to forgive me openly for everything that happened to me the day you skipped school,\" she told him sternly, \"I get those, you've got a deal.\" \"Deal,\" Ferris shook her hand, \"I owe you for bailing me out anyway.\" \"You owe me a lot more than that,\" she scowled, \"But it's a start. So what exactly is your scheme this time, then, so I know?\" \"Actually, now that you do know, Jeannie, I could use you for this,\" Ferris's expression brightened, \"While we're all searching for evidence in Washington, someone should really be looking for additional evidence here, concerning Prince Construction and anyone else who might be scheming with Senator Tannen...\" \"So that's your plan, setting me up to possibly take a fall for your snooping!?\" her glare grew harder. \"You're not going to jail; no one who gets Ed Rooney off my back should go to jail. Besides, as long as he says yes, you'll be working with an old mutual friend of ours, someone who knows a little bit, I'm sorry to say, about crime in the Chicago metro area,\" Ferris spun towards his computer and typed in a few instructions that brought up Instant Messenger. He typed a few more keys, and the screen popped up showing a live feed into another bedroom, in which the familiar figure of Garth Volbeck was slouched in a chair, staring out the window. \"Garth, afternoon, buddy,\" he called out loud. Garth turned quickly towards the screen. \"Oh, afternoon, Ferris-afternoon there, beautiful,\" he smiled at the sight of Jeannie, making her smile back as well, \"What's cooking today?\" \"Garth old buddy, I need your help on an important mission of perhaps literal vital national importance,\" Ferris told him, \"I know you've vowed to get off the drugs, and I commend you for the decision with all my heart and soul, but I'd like you to ask around to your old contacts in the trade about anything they know concerning Prince Construction and Senator Bob Tannen. Whatever you find out, I'd like you and Jeannie to follow up on it while we're on our senior trip in Washington,\" he gestured towards his sister, \"Remember, once you have a lead, absolutely anything goes when it comes to digging deeper.\" \"Got it, anything goes,\" Garth nodded in agreement, \"When and where do you want me to start looking?\" \"Probably on Friday, the day after we land in the capital,\" Ferris said, \"And above all, whatever you do, don't put Jeannie in any actual danger; the secrecy of this plan depends on nothing happening to her.\" \"You bet it does,\" Jeannie told him with another scowl. \"Guess I'll see you Friday, then,\" her smile returned when she gazed at Garth. \"See you then, sweet angel,\" he returned the smile before signing off. There came another knock on the door. \"Ferris, we're going out for ice cream to celebrate your graduation...you're not bothering your brother, are you, Jeannie!?\" Mrs. Bueller gave her daughter a frown. \"No, no, not at all, Mom. In fact, I was just going over our itinerary of the trip next week,\" Ferris told her. \"Oh, well, that's OK,\" Mrs. Bueller accepted this, \"We're ready to go whenever you are.\" \"Give me about five minutes to finish up, Mom, and I'll be ready,\" Ferris said. \"OK,\" he turned back to the computer once his mother had left, \"There's still a couple of things to take care of (Jeannie rose up and walked out at this point, shaking her head). Namely, of course, making sure Sloane can go on this trip as a junior, given how vitally important she is to this mission.\" \"And I appreciated being indispensable,\" Sloane leaned affectionately into him, \"But that means someone else has to get bumped...\" \"I know, and much as I hate to do it, let's see what we can come up with here...\" Ferris typed a few more keys to bring up a listing of Shermer High's senior class, \"Let's see, let's see...\" he scrolled through the list, \"Ah, Steff,\" he pointed at one name in particular, \"Don't think I haven't been watching what you've been up to all through this year. I happen to think Andie Walsh and Blaine McDonough make a great couple; don't think I haven't seen you trying to break them up. I think this calls for the hammer to be lowered, then. So, sorry Steff, but you're not going on this trip...\" he typed a few more keys, deleting Steff's name from the class list, \"...and Sloane is,\" he typed a few more that caused Sloane's name to pop up in Steff's place. \"He's not going to be happy when he finds out, Ferris,\" Cameron shook his head. \"For a complete jerk like him, that's his problem,\" Ferris rationalized. \"I didn't like him when I had class with him this semester, so I guess it's all right,\" Jerry shrugged. \"Well,\" he rose up, \"I'm going the bathroom and heading downstairs, but Ferris,\" he turned towards him, \"I just want to say, thanks for wanting to help. I hope this works.\" \"Somehow or other, it'll work Jerry, trust me,\" Ferris flashed him a huge smile and a thumbs-up. \"All right,\" he returned his gaze to the computer again once Jerry had left, \"Since word from the grapevine is Mr. Rooney's planning on going along on this trip to try and stop me, we're going to have to play a little hardball...\" \"We're dead, just dig our graves now,\" Cameron groaned. Ferris paid no attention. \"I'm pretty sure I can get the flight schedule for the airline on the day we'll be leaving,\" he typed in some more instructions, \"And then, as an opening salvo...\" \"What the hell do you mean I've been bumped!?\"\" an irate Rooney bellowed at the ticket agent behind the Cross American Airlines desk at O'Hare Airport on Thursday morning. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Rooney, but a Mr. Sashimoto and his party made a last minute high bid for your seats,\" the ticket agent shook her head, \"So yours were the ones we had to reassign.\" \"There's no Mr. Sashimoto, you bonehead; that's Ferris Bueller playing a trick on you!\" Rooney ranted. \"Ed, come on, there's no proof of that...\" Mr. Jacobson leaned over his shoulder with a scowl. \"Mind your own business, Tom!\" Rooney told him off. \"I want a check run on that seat bid!\" he ordered the ticket agent, \"I'll bet anything it'll come up as Ferris Bueller's doing!\" \"Oh, Ferris Bueller. Is he feeling any better these days?\" the ticket asked sincerely. \"Ah, Jesus damn Christ...!\" Rooney roared, spinning in a wild circle and make everyone in line behind him bustle over to the next line over. \"Ed, please, watch the language!\" Grace pleaded with him, \"There are children listening in!\" she pointed at several watching in from a bench nearby. \"All right, all right, I'm calm!\" Rooney took deep breaths. He turned back towards the ticket agent. \"Let me make this clear,\" he growled murderously, \"I booked that f-ing seat myself for over two hundred f-ing dollars earlier this week. So, you and your piece of s machinery there,\" he pointed contemptuously at the booking computer on the counter, \"Better give me back my original gd seat, or I will trash the s out of this whole f-ing terminal, you gd sob. See, I didn't curse, Grace,\" he turned smugly back towards his secretary, \"Happy now?\" \"Well, it's better than what my cousin the rental car agent had to put up with from the one man during Thanksgiving last year...\" Grace began. \"Never mind,\" Rooney rolled his eyes in disgust, \"Why the hell you'd even bother coming along...!?\" he muttered under his breath. \"Because no one else wanted to be a chaperone with you coming along, Ed,\" Grace had heard him, prompting another disgusted eye roll from her boss. \"So,\" he turned back to the ticket agent, \"Are you going to fix this or not!?\" \"I'm sorry, Mr. Rooney, but there's nothing I can do,\" the ticket agent shook her head, \"However, we will book you and the other teachers on the first available plane...\" \"Hey, Mr. Rooney, have a great trip,\" Ferris in fact called merrily from across the terminal, where he and his classmates were going through the magnetometers with no problem at all, \"I know we're going to. See you in Washington.\" Roaring, Rooney lunged towards the magnetometers and had to be restrained by the other teachers. \"Ed, Ed, let it go!\" Mr. Jacobson warned him, \"This is just a standard airport glitch. I'm sure whatever plane we get's going to be just as well.\" \"Get out of here, get out of here!\" a frustrated Rooney yelled, swatting at the chickens fluttering past his head. Their clucks of discontent blended in with the baas and oinks of the sheep and pigs and other livestock sharing the plane with the teachers. \"Can't believe THIS was the only plane they had left for us!\" the principal muttered in disgust, removing his tuxedo and throwing it over his head to avoid another dive bombing by more chickens. \"Must have been a busy day,\" Mr. Knapper rationalized from across the cabin, scooting out of the way of a goat scuttling by, \"Look at it this way, Ed; we'll be in Washington in no time.\" \"You're right, you're right. It's all uphill from here,\" Rooney said calmly. With a loud moo, however, a large cow nearby lurched sideways, pinning Rooney hard against the cabin wall. \"Ah, damn it! Get off of me, you overgrown hamburger!\" Rooney roared at it. Mooing again, the cow instead started rubbing its side up and down against the wall, jerking Rooney along with it...and then, to add insult to injury, relieved itself on Rooney's very expensive formal shoes. \"Get me out of here, right...!\" Rooney closed his eyes against a flashbulb burst. \"What the hell do you think you're doing!\" he upbraided his secretary, who had a camera in hand. \"Just savoring the moment, Ed,\" laughing, Grace took his picture again, \"You're going to enjoy this when you look back at it years from now.\" \"DELETE THAT DAMN PHOTO, GRACE!\" Rooney ordered her. \"FERRRRRISSSSSS!\" he yelled at his adversary, his shout echoing uselessly all over the cabin...[Chapter 4] \"Looks like we're over western Pennsylvania at the moment,\" Ferris stated, looking out the airplane's window at what looked like Pittsburgh below, \"Should be less than an hour now.\" He turned to Sloane in the seat next to him. \"Of course, in between our special mission in D.C., we're going to make sure to have a whole week of fun too, right?\" he told her with a nod. \"Oh yes we will,\" she agreed with a grin, \"And I've got a few good ideas of what we should hit.\" \"So do I. Once we can break away from the group, we'll start this afternoon with the simple stuff. Of course, we'll have to work a bit to throw Mr. Rooney and the other teachers off, but if we've done it before, we can do it again. Of course, no reason we can't leave everyone else out of it too,\" Ferris glanced around the plane cabin at his fellow seniors. Some listening to popular music, others were reading, and many who were couples were snuggling together in their seats. Everyone seemed happy, and he was glad they were-everyone, that was, except for one notable depressed face right next to him... \"Why the long face, Cam?\" he asked his friend, who was slouched down miserably in his seat, his gaze locked in on one happy set of classmates a few rows up kissing each other warmly, \"This is going to be a great week for us.\" \"Maybe. I don't know,\" Cameron mumbled wistfully, \"It's just...maybe I was just born not to enjoy anything no matter how good it is. I mean, I'm sure it's going to be a great trip and all, just like the day off was, but...I am who I am, unfortunately.\" \"Cameron, what's there to be sad about?\" Sloane goaded him, \"We're going to see all the big national monuments and do a good deed for someone else.\" \"And besides, you're an indispensable member of the team, Cameron,\" Ferris added, \"We couldn't do this mission without you.\" \"Thanks. Maybe I'll feel better later,\" Cameron forced a small smile, then hefted the psychiatry magazine he'd bought at O'Hare and buried his face in it. Ferris shook his head softly. \"He should be fine if we stay with him,\" he told Sloane, \"I've got to take care of business; think of something to cheer him up while I'm gone.\" He patted her on the shoulder, then rose up and bustled back to the plane's bathroom, where he quickly took care of business. \"I think I know what's bothering Cameron,\" he said out loud into the mirror when he'd finished, \"It's an accumulation of several things, actually, I think. One's the burnout of knowing school's over and wondering where he goes from here, same as many of the rest of you, I'm sure. Plus, I'm sorry to say, it's probably a feeling of being overshadowed in our golden trio no matter how much Sloane and I treat him as an equal. We'll have to work overtime and make sure he contributes heavily on this mission. His parents almost certainly have some blame too; all those years of forcing him to be the middleman in their fights had to have taken a major toll on his psyche. Hopefully when their incarcerations end, they'll be wise enough to try and make it up to him somehow. And on top of it all, he feels like he's an outcast without a date. Now usually it doesn't bother him too much, at least not on the surface, but being surrounded by lots of happy couples on this plane has to make him feel bad. But don't any of you worry about that, because I'll keep my eyes open for anyone who might make a good fit for him during the rest of this story. Yeah, the matchmaker role might seem a little obvious for someone like me, but if...\" \"Hey, are you done in there!? I've gotta go bad!\" someone outside the bathroom complained. \"Oh, yeah, I'm done; just monologuing for the readers,\" Ferris called to him. \"What for the who!?\" \"Never mind. Bathroom's yours,\" Ferris opened the door and let the man in. \"Of course, since this is the big blowout trip,\" he continued his monologuing up the aisle, \"We've got to have the best lodging in Washington we can get. So hopefully Mr. Rooney had enough of a heart to get us something decent, at least at first.\" \"I guess not,\" he said an hour and a half later, staring grimly up at the cheap, monotone motel in the Alexandria suburbs that had been procured for the senior class. \"I think I can actually see the cockroaches and termites working on the exterior walls from here,\" Cameron muttered disgustedly, \"Figures Mr. Rooney would dump us in this.\" \"Well we're not staying here, Cameron, that's for sure,\" Ferris hefted his suitcases nonetheless, \"We'll go get set up for now, and see what we can do afterwards...\" \"Such as what, Ferris?\" came Rooney's dark voice behind them. The principal stood directly behind them with his hands on his hips. \"I think this motel will suffice for you and everyone else,\" he leaned murderously right in Ferris's face, \"And so you know, Ferris, I will be watching you VERY carefully on this entire trip. I know full well you cooked this trip to do something against Senator Tannen. That boy who confronted him was lying, he admitted it to my face, and the senator is a good man. You go anywhere near him, or try and deviate from the itinerary we've drawn up for this trip, and you will not graduate. Not this year, not next year, not any year. Am I clear?\" \"Oh, no need to worry, Mr. Rooney, what could I possibly do to mess this trip up?\" Ferris asked innocently, flashing a deep grin. Rooney's glare got darker. \"No more free passes, Ferris,\" he threatened his student, \"Just one step out of line, and I nail you to the wall permanently.\" \"Well, thanks for your advice, Mr. Rooney; we'll keep it in mind,\" Ferris told him with a smile, \"Let's check in then, guys,\" he told Cameron and Sloane, leading them up the stairs to the motel's second floor. \"I don't see how Petersen got on this trip as a junior...\" Rooney muttered under his breath. He quickly dug out his cell phone and dialed it. \"Yes, get me Senator Bob Tannen's office,\" he demanded into it, \"Yes, hello, are you Senator Tannen's secretary? Good. I'm Edward R. Rooney, Dean of Students at Shermer High School in Shermer, Illinois; the senior class is having its senior trip in Washington, and we'll be visiting the Capitol first this afternoon. There's a certain student in this class that may try to get into Senator Tannen's office. His name is Ferris Bueller...yes, he's feeling better!\" he shouted angrily, \"He was never sick to begin with, you stupid...OK, sorry, I was out of line there, yes. Anyway, I'd like you to contact the Capitol Police and...\" Upstairs, Ferris opened the door to what was to be his and Cameron's assigned room. \"Yep, we've definitely got to upgrade from this,\" he said, noting the wholly bland room before him, \"First, though, let's set things up in here.\" He closed and locked the door behind Sloane and Cameron and slid the blinds shut, then opened his largest suitcase and pulled a familiar mannequin out of it. \"My best guess is it'll take about fifteen minutes to set all this up,\" he declared, laying the mannequin on the bed and lacing string around it, \"Fortunately, only Mr. Rooney would dare to enter when it says Do Not Disturb outside, so as long as we...\" \"Uh, big problem, Ferris,\" Cameron raised his hand, \"The dummy worked well for one day before; now you're asking to pull it off a whole week. Even you're not that lucky.\" \"Just for a while, Cameron, until we figure out where we can go,\" Ferris dug out his stereo player and handed it plus a cassette labeled ASLEEP LONG TIME to his friend, \"In the meantime, since Mr. Rooney means to watch us like a hawk, we need to neutralize him so we can get to Tannen's office. And fortunately, I've come prepared for that,\" he next dug out a bottle of Milk of Magnesia and a bottle of prune juice. \"Here,\" he handed these to Sloane, \"Since he's suspicious of you already, you'll have to get someone out of the loop to work with us. If I know Mr. Rooney's habits, he'll have a cup of coffee once we're all unpacked. Get someone to distract him and lure him off to do something so he'll have to put the coffee down. Then, aim right for the center of the cup.\" \"No problem,\" Sloane gave him a warm thumbs up, \"One incapacitated Ed Rooney, coming right up.\" \"Ben, take over, I've got to go bad again,\" a green-looking Rooney told Mr. Steinberg on the steps of the Capitol, his hands clutching his rear end anxiously, \"Why am I so diaherrhetic now...!?\" He rushed desperately through the door and made a beeline for the restrooms. Ferris grinned at the back of the line. The principal was now out of the way for now. \"OK, we've just got to get through the next few minutes, then we can break off,\" he whispered to Sloane and Cameron, \"Got to make it look good, though. In the meantime, close your eyes and think warm thoughts, because we're about to enter another Great Depression.\" He pointed to the front of the crowd, where Mr. Steinberg was waving the students together at the front of the visitor's center. \"Class, may I have your attention please?\" he asked in the loudest voice he could, which was barely above speaking level, \"You are now standing in the United States Capitol building. The Capitol was built by...anyone know, anyone?...William Thornton, whose last minute design wowed George Washington and Thomas Jefferson in the year...anyone? Anyone?...1793. In addition to Congress, the Capitol building was once the home of...anyone? Anyone? Anyone?...the United States Supreme Court, which met here until the year 1935. The United States Congress, consisting of two separate components due to a compromise by the Founding Fathers at the...anyone? Anyone?...Constitutional Convention, is thus known as a...Anyone know at all, anyone?...a bicameral legislative system. We'll discuss more of this later on the tour of the building. Now behind us,\" he stepped aside, \"you can see this giant statue of a great Hawaiian monarch. Anyone know his name, anyone? Anyone? Anyone? King Kamehameha I. Anyone know what his claim to fame is, anyone? He united the Hawaiian islands and outlawed cannibalism among its tribes. This was one of two statues given to the Capitol by Hawaii for...anyone know, anyone at all, anyone? Anyone? Anyone? Statuary Hall. Now are their any questions before we officially begin the tour, anyone? Anyone? Anyone at all with any questions?\" His response was a cacophony of snores from the other students. His lecture had literally put them to sleep on their feet. Ferris knew the time was right to act. \"OOOOOOWWWWW!\" he howled, doubling over, \"Oh, no, my appendix! I think it's about to burst, OOOOOHHHHH!\" \"Bueller? Bueller? Is something the matter?\" Mr. Steinberg asked, not changing his monotone delivery at all. \"He's not well,\" Sloane gasped with fake horror, grabbing hold of Ferris, \"We'll get a cab and take him back to the hotel. Cameron, give me a hand!\" Cameron took Ferris's other arm and helped her drag Ferris out the side door, leaving a dumbfounded Mr. Steinberg to stare after them. \"He knew it was a fake, I'm sure he knew,\" Cameron muttered nervously. \"I can outsmart him, Cameron, don't you worry. Tannen, Tannen,\" Ferris looked up high enough to scan for the senator's name on the board by the elevators, \"There, third floor, Room 305. Let's go.\" He pressed the button for the elevator. Five minutes later, they arrived on the third floor...but a pair of Capitol policemen were standing outside Senator Tannen's office. \"Sorry, this office is closed,\" one said firmly when the high schoolers approached. \"I carry an important message from Abe Frohmann, the Sausage King of Chicago,\" Ferris told him, \"He's willing to make a special campaign contribution to Senator Tannen...\" \"The Senator's not available, and we've got instructions not to let anyone in this office,\" the other policeman shook his head firmly, \"So better head on back to your tour, kids.\" \"But this is a vital message for the senator...!\" \"Now, or we'll have to take you in for trespassing,\" the first cop folded his arms across his chest. Shrugging, Ferris turned around. \"Rooney,\" he muttered to his friends as they bustled back down the hall, \"He must have suspected we were coming and tipped them off.\" \"Well, that's it, plan's ruined. Might as well give up and just enjoy the rest of the trip as best we can and hope he lets us graduate,\" Cameron lamented. \"It's not over yet, Cameron; we have not yet begun to fight,\" Ferris declared with determination, \"We'll just have to recalibrate and find another way to get the senator's critical information. Until then, we're here in the capital, and it's a lovely day, so, instead of going back to the regular tour and let Mr. Steinberg's lectures suck our souls out, let's put on our Sunday clothes and enjoy the town on our own. I should have another plan to move forward by the end of the day.\"[Chapter 5] \"Burst appendix!?\" Rooney furiously glared Mr. Steinberg down in the Senate hallway. \"It seemed legitimate enough; they were out the door before I could said anything anyway,\" Mr. Steinberg explained, still not changing his monotonous drawl, \"If he was in fact telling the truth, he's at the nearest hospital or back at the motel.\" \"You blind stupid idiot!\" Rooney roared, throwing his hands over his head, \"Am I the only one in the entire city of Chicago with a damn brain!? That was the most blatantly obvious trick he's pulled this semester, and you fell for it without a second thought!\" \"If I might ask, Ed, what does it really matter?\" Mr. Steinberg inquired, \"If it was a legitimate illness, better he goes to the hospital; if he was faking it, he's already graduated for all technical purposes, so really, you can't punish him. And besides, what is it to you?\" \"It's war, Ben, that's what it is, and he's not graduating if I find him healthy out there in this city. Stand clear,\" Rooney pushed him aside, \"I'm bringing him back here right now and seeing just how busted that appendix of his really is...!\" he started down the hall, only to stop and scrunch up with a discomforted expression. \"After I clear the rest of this out...!\" he continued, rushing back towards the men's room again for another relief session. Mr. Steinberg shook his head after him. \"He could really use some psychotherapy,\" he remarked to himself, \"Well, time to lecture the class on how a bill moves through committee...\" \"The Washington Monument,\" Ferris remarked, staring up the length of the giant obelisk, \"Took forty years to built, and was the tallest structure in the world when it finally was completed. Never thought you'd be standing front of it, did you, Cameron?\" he asked his friend. \"Nope,\" Cameron admitted, squinting at the top of the monument, \"Four months ago, I would have said we'd be crazy to be out and about like this, but actually, I've kind of been looking forward to another day on the town, Ferris,\" he told him, cracking a very small smile, \"Still,\" he glanced worriedly back towards the Capitol, \"could we speed it up a little bit? Rooney won't be in the bathroom all day.\" \"First we've got to get a picture, so we can savor it; miss,\" Sloane hailed down a woman passing by, \"Could you take our picture?\" \"Sure,\" the woman took her cell phone and framed the three teens. \"Wait, let's get the right pose,\" Ferris walked over to Sloane and maneuvered her hands over her mouth. He then placed Cameron's hands over his ears, and covered his own eyes. \"OK, now you can take it.\" Laughing, the woman clicked the photo. \"Thank you,\" Sloane thanked her, taking the cell phone back, \"Shall we press on then?\" \"Might as well,\" Ferris agreed. A few minutes later, they found themselves standing in the center of the National World War II Memorial. \"For all the time it took to build it, it was worth it,\" Ferris commented, scanning the pillars and fountain, \"And certainly,\" he looked skyward, \"We thank all you brave men and women who served to fight and make sure kids like us can have days off.\" \"My grandfather served,\" Cameron remarked, approaching the Illinois pillar, \"Came ashore on Omaha Beach and cut his way through France. He was wounded at Falaise and carried the shrapnel in him till the day he died. Wish I could be as brave as he was...\" \"I think you are, Cameron,\" Sloane patted him on the shoulder, \"You certainly had the courage to stand up to your father, even if it almost turned terrible.\" \"You'd be amazed what you or anyone could be capable of under certain circumstances,\" Ferris added, bustling over to the Freedom Wall and examining the stars representing servicemen killed in action, \"I'm sure a lot of these men had doubts of how brave they could be too. And all of them found it in the clutch and became heroes. And because they were heroes, the world would never be ruled by people espousing Mr. Rooney's philosophy of oppression and no fun. Well, shall we go meet Abe, then?\" Another couple of minutes later found them staring up at Lincoln's statue inside the Lincoln Memorial. \"And speaking of bravery,\" Ferris continued, \"Abe could have turned tail and given up during the Civil War at any time. But no, he pressed on to hold this great nation of ours together because he believed there were still great days to come. Because he chose to be brave, black Americans learned what it was like to be free, and slavery was destroyed for good.\" \"And he got shot for it, go figure,\" Cameron shrugged. \"But he got it done,\" Sloane argued, \"And the country was better off for it for sure, even if it took another hundred years to get black Americans their full rights. So, now what?\" she asked Ferris. \"First, I've got to do something I've wanted to do my whole life,\" Ferris strode out to the edge of the memorial's top step and looked down towards the reflection pool. \"Well,\" he said out loud in his best slow-witted Southern drawl, \"There's only one thing I can say about the war in Viet-Nam: in Viet-Nam, your...\" \"Your principal's right here now at ten o'clock!\" a pale Cameron pointed to the left. For Rooney was clearly visible moving through the crowd around the memorial's base, taking with various people he passed. \"Oh, uh, oh...\" Ferris stammered, quickly sliding out of sight behind one of the memorial's columns before Rooney could spot him, \"I was pretty sure the toilet concoction would have left him in the bathroom longer than this...!\" \"I gave him the full dose of both bottles!\" Sloane insisted, joining him behind the pillar. \"I trust you did. He's just got more stamina than we thought. Think, think...!\" Ferris glanced around the memorial, his gaze zeroing in an a mother lifting her infant child out of a large stroller on the other side and carrying it over to read the inscriptions over Lincoln's head-and then a homeless couple lounging by the reflecting pool. \"OK,\" he told his girlfriend and best friend, \"I've got an insanely stupid plan that just might work.\" \"We should probably surrender, then,\" Cameron lamented. Ferris took his arm and bustled over to the other side of the memorial, Sloane quickly in tow. Checking to make sure the mother wasn't looking, he snatched the stroller and wheeled it down the memorial steps, keeping a large crowd of people coming up between them and Rooney's sightlines. He rushed for the homeless couple. \"Afternoon,\" he greeted them, \"I'm Junior Agent Bueller of the brand new Junior Division of the FBI. I'm on a top secret spy mission here; I'll need to confiscate your clothes and your blanket here,\" he pointed to it underneath them, \"In return, I'm prepared to reimburse you both with forty dollars for a new set of decent clothes at the nearest store to here.\" \"Have you seen this boy?\" Rooney demanded to a man on the memorial steps, flashing a picture of Ferris at him. \"Nope,\" the man shook his head and bustled off before the principal could ask any follow-up questions. Rooney bustled along the edge of the reflecting pool, his eyes squinting up towards the Lincoln statue in the temple for any sign of Ferris. He was in fact so intent in this that he failed to watch were he was going and bumped into a couple in ragged clothing who were pushing a baby stroller covered with a large blanket. \"Watch where you're going, you tramps!\" he barked at them, \"Have you seen this boy...?\" \"Sorry, got to get home for dinner, sir,\" the man said in a deep voice, keeping his head down. He and the woman strained to push the stroller away. \"Filthy tramps,\" Rooney muttered, turning to walk towards the memorial steps, \"There should be a law...\" He came to a sudden stop. \"I've heard that guy's voice before...on my office phone on Ferris's last day skipped...\" he mused, a dark look spreading on his face. He spun back around. Sure enough, a teenager's legs, scrunched up but clearly visible, could be seen dangling off the bottom of the stroller. \"Got you, Ferris,\" he snickered, starting back down the stairs in pursuit of the stroller... ...only to have a massive crowd of tourists bustled down the memorial steps into his path, cutting him off. \"Move, people, move!\" he bellowed, pushing his way through them. He strained to look over their heads for any sign of Ferris, but there were too many heads in his way. Finally, after a minute, he pushed through to the other side of the crowd and looked around wildly. Sure enough, he caught brief glimpse of the \"homeless couple\"-Petersen and Frye, no doubt, he assumed-pushing the stroller into the trees to the side of the memorial. Rooney stomped after them as fast as he could and soon had caught up with the couple. \"All right, Ferris, now I've got you!\" he shouted, pushing past the couple and grabbing into the stroller... ...which, unfortunately for him, contained nothing but an actual baby, which started screaming at the top of its lungs in his hands. \"TAKE YOUR HANDS OFF MY BABY, YOU CREEP!\" the angry actual mother screeched furiously at him. \"I...I...I...I'm t-t-terribly s-s-sorry, madam...!\" Rooney stammered in horror, quickly putting the baby back into the stroller, \"I...I thought you were someone else...!\" \"Filthy baby snatcher!\" the equally angry husband pulled Rooney close and punched him hard square in the balls. Rooney's reactive scream proved to be even more high-pitched than that of the still crying baby. The mother then began pummeling him hard with her purse, as too did several other mothers nearby who'd witnessed the principal's actions. Meanwhile, inside the nearby bushes, Ferris had to cover his mouth to keep from laughing. \"Now he'll really want to go to the bathroom to get out of this one,\" he chuckled to Sloane and Cameron next to him, \"Good thing we lucked out having those two look just like us.\" \"Can we get out of here now, before he does get out of this one? He's going to be higher than a ten on the anger scale for having been tricked like this,\" Cameron hissed. \"Sure thing, Cameron,\" Ferris started crawling the opposite direction from the melee through the bushes, \"What do you say we head on down to the Tidal Basin next after we get these clothes off and check out what they have there?\" \"I'm not really comfortable coming into this neighborhood,\" Jeannie complained to Garth back in Chicago as he pulled into a disreputable-looking alley on the outskirts of the city, \"I can see why half your drug deals went down in here; I don't think the cops even show up here.\" \"Not usually,\" Garth climbed out of his car and checked his watch, \"Chubbs should be here any minute; he was always punctual whenever he was making a delivery.\" \"And how do we know he's a good informant?\" Jeannie had to ask. \"He's been in the drug business for over fifteen years; anything illegal that goes on in the Chicago area, he knows about. Here he comes now,\" Garth pointed to the other end of the alley, where a van was slowly coming to a stop. A man hopped out of the driver's seat and slid open the side door, then lowered a ramp to the ground. Down it wheeled a morbidly obese man in a wheelchair, with a breathing tube in his nose and an attendant walking behind him holding an oxygen tank. \"Garth, good to see you,\" he wheeled up to the former addict, \"Haven't seen you in a while.\" \"I've decided I want to quit, Chubbs,\" Garth told him, \"And with all due respect, you probably should have too, looking at you.\" \"Yeah, I know,\" Chubbs shook his head grimly, \"I sampled too much of the stuff over the years. Had a bad stroke three months ago; doc says I've got no more than six months left. Looking back now, I would have done a lot differently,\" he sighed sadly. \"Sorry to hear it, Chubbs. Well, anyway, I called you because I've been sent by Ferris Bueller on a big mission,\" Garth explained. \"Oh, Ferris Bueller. Is he feeling any better?\" Chubbs asked him. \"Perfectly all right; in fact, never better in his life!\" Jeannie snapped with a roll of her eyes. She collected herself and told the drug dealer, \"Ferris wants to help a kid whose family was attacked and run out of their house and business up in Glencoe. We were wondering if, being who you are, you knew anything about that, and anything that might be rotten about Prince Construction.\" \"Prince Construction, huh?\" Chubbs's brow furled, \"Funny you should mention that. One of my former guys mentioned offhand he was doing a job for them not long ago.\" \"What was his name?\" Jeannie pressed him. \"His name's Wilson Karkovice. He worked as an enforcer for my organization for a few months a couple of years ago, but I had to throw him out,\" Chubbs told her. \"Why?\" \"Too violent for my liking. I don't like to rough my competitors up unless they rough my guys up first. Will was a loose cannon; he massacred a dozen of one rival gang on their own turf, and had everyone he didn't shoot beaten up. I don't like that at all. So I gave him his walking papers. I'd kept tabs on him, for my own and my guys' safety; he fell in with the mob and started doing jobs for them. When I...\" He went into a coughing fit and started wheezing for air. He waved frantically to his aide, who turned up the oxygen for him. \"Thanks,\" he gasped once he'd regained his breath. \"Fried my lungs from smoking too much weed,\" he glumly told the teens, \"I need air twenty-four/seven...\" \"You were saying about Karkovice!?\" Jeannie snapped impatiently. \"Oh, yeah. Crossed paths with Will about three weeks ago in a North Side restaurant. He didn't have any hard feeling about being fired,\" Chubbs went on, \"Probably because he's earning more where he is now. He crowed he's gained a high place in the mob, and his particular family was being contracted by a big hitter that was making a fortune tearing down what they consider blighted properties. He didn't mention it by name, but I could guess it was Prince Construction; I know for a fact Ronald Prince has given out dirty money before to get some of his projects built.\" \"No surprise there; for all the contributions he's thrown at City Hall, I always thought some of the cash came from dubious sources,\" Garth muttered. \"Anything else?\" he asked his former dealer. \"Yeah, actually; he said he had another job coming in southern Illinois in the near future, same as he was doing before. He didn't give specifics, but he mentioned some guy named Bert was throwing in a huge bonus for the job.\" \"Bert...isn't Bob Tannen's brother named Bert?\" Garth shot Jeannie a look. \"Yeah, I think so,\" she nodded, \"And he runs that big financial firm downtown. OK, would you be willing to testify to all this in court if it comes to that?\" she asked Chubbs. \"Maybe. Since I don't got long left, I'd probably ask for immunity, but if innocent people are getting hurt bad, yeah, I'd probably go along with it.\" \"All right. Well, we'll keep you in touch with where we go from here,\" Garth told the dealer, \"Don't tell anyone we were here to see you.\" \"Right. Oh, and one more thing, Garth,\" Chubbs told him as he and Jeannie had turned to leave. \"When you go home, spread the word to everyone you know: never use drugs,\" the dealer said, sadness on his face, \"Even a little bit of it'll leave you like me, on permanent deathwatch,\" he pointed at his overweight frame. \"I'll do what I can, Chubbs. Take care till then,\" Garth bade him farewell with a sad expression of his own. \"Yeah, I made the right decision to try and straighten out,\" he admitted to Jeannie, \"I certainly don't want to end up like that. OK, might as well forward what we've found out to Ferris...\" \"Tannen's brother, perhaps working with the mob to help Prince Construction force people out of their homes? Very interesting indeed,\" Ferris raised his eyebrows at Jeannie's text on his cell phone. He typed in WELL DONE. NEXT STEP: THE TWO OF YOU CASE PRINCE CONSTRUCTION OR BERT TANNEN'S OFFICE AND SEE WHAT EITHER OF THEM HAS THERE. AND OF COURSE, DON'T GET CAUGHT, and hit the Send button. \"And so the plot thickens,\" he told Cameron and Sloane, who were walking with him along Ohio Drive on their way back from the Tidal Basin in the early evening darkness, \"What happened to Jerry's just might be the tip of a bigger iceberg.\" \"Prince must really be greedy if they're hiring out to the mob to force people who won't sell out,\" Sloane muttered in disgust, \"And if Tannen's brother was working with Prince, that gives the senator good reason to want any trace of the activity covered up.\" \"Exactly. So now we have to double our efforts to get into the senator's phone and computer,\" Ferris said firmly, \"I have a few ideas, but right now, each has a flaw we'd need to overcome.\" \"Terrific,\" Cameron mumbled. He glanced at his watch for the fifth time in the last ten minutes, \"Uh, I know I've said it before, but isn't it about time we try and get back to the motel, or wherever we are going to stay for the night? It's almost ten o'clock now, and I'm not completely comfortable being in the heart of a major city after dark,\" he admitted nervously to his friends. \"Of course, Cameron; we'll just have to find the right place. And price won't be a problem, because, on top of everything else,\" Ferris drew a piece of paper from his jacket pocket with a mischievous grin, \"I've got Mr. Rooney's credit card information. If he was so bent on making this trip a quasi-military experience, then he can pay for whatever we do outside his planned schedule. It's only fair as I see it.\" \"Oh certainly,\" Sloane grinned in triumph. \"So, did you enjoy the day, Cameron?\" she asked him. \"Uh, yeah, actually,\" Cameron admitted with a small grin, \"And with no pressure to get home, I felt like I enjoyed it more this time. Still, like I said, I'd like to get indoors soon,\" he looked around nervously again, \"People hang around down here after hours that tend to...\" \"Say, you hear that?\" Sloane abruptly held up her hand. Ferris heard it too: a car screaming up Ohio Avenue ahead of them well over the speed limit. Moments later, a truck that had just passed by the teens on the other side of the street blared its horn while going around the bend in front of them. Tires screeched, and a car suddenly shot off the side of the road at the curve and sailed down the embankment towards the Potomac. It smashed hard into a dock on the bank-so hard, in fact, that the dock shattered completely and started drifting out into the middle of the Potomac, taking the now overturned and wrecked car with it. Another horn made Ferris's eyes shoot in the opposite direction. A large barge was chugging rapidly up the river, and, he could tell after turning back forward again that it was on a collision course with the car, which was drifting right into its path. \"Oh my God!\" a horrified Sloane stared straight at the wreck, \"We've got to do something!\" \"And we will,\" Ferris's gaze now turned to a construction site just up the road, with a large crane towering over it, \"Come with me, I've got an idea. Cameron, this is your time to shine; swim on out there and get whoever's in there out of the car before it gets flattened by the barge,\" he told his friend. \"What!? Are you crazy!?\" Cameron protested, \"There's no way I'd get out there in time!\" he pointed into the river, \"And I'd get killed myself!\" \"Cameron, whoever's in that car's in grave danger! You've wanted your time to shine; this is it!\" Sloane pleaded with him, \"Now go on, prove yourself the hero!\" \"But...but...why can't either of you do it!?\" Cameron begged her and Ferris. \"Cameron, trust me, your the only one who can do this!\" Ferris put both hands on his friend's shoulders and gave him a firm look, \"I trust you, and I know you can do what's right when it counts. A human life's at stake; show me I'm right in believing in you. Now hurry and get out there; we don't have much time!\" He took off running before Cameron could get a word in. \"Are you absolutely sure we can trust him to help!?\" Sloane had to ask, huffing to keep up with her boyfriend. \"Keep an eye on him; if he's not in the water in thirty seconds, you do it!\" Ferris shouted back to her. He and Sloane glanced back at Cameron, who was pacing nervously along the embankment, clearly torn on what to do. He took a glance at the car, which was drifting further into the river, then shrugged, pulled off his shoes, and dove into the river, stroking hard towards the car. \"Good job, Cam, I knew you'd at least try,\" Ferris nodded in relief. \"Stay here,\" he told Sloane, coming to a brief stop at a clearing along the bank halfway to the construction site, \"If he flounders, dive in and cover for him. If not, help me direct the crane down to the water.\" He rushed off before Sloane could ask any further questions. The gates of the construction site were padlocked shut, but a sharp kick from him burst the gates open. He rushed up to the steel skeleton that was going up on site and leaped the staircase to the elevator two steps at a time. He threw the power switch on, opened the elevator door, and thrust the control lever all the way up, sending him shooting upwards towards the top level of the soon-to-be building. \"Yeah, I know, it's awfully convenient for this crane to be right here, and for me to get able to get to it this easy,\" he said out loud, as if answering someone's criticism, \"But that's the perk of being the hero in these stories; a lot of things'll conveniently fall into place for you at the right time. Now I just hope Cameron can get whoever it is out of the car in time...\" The elevator came to an abrupt stop at the top floor in a flash. Ferris raced along the beam to the crane. Also conveniently, the keys were hanging on a hook right outside the door-and, once he'd unlocked it, the lever's functions were clearly marked inside. Ferris turned the key in the ignition and pulled the lever to swing the crane's arm out over the Potomac. His gaze shot back to the river. Cameron was just about to reach the car-but so too was the barge. Its horn sounded shrilly, the captain likely having finally seen the wrecked car in his path, although much too late to prevent a collision. \"Come on Cameron, hurry it up!\" he pleaded his friend. With a final stretch of frantic butterfly strokes, Cameron reached the dock's remains, kicked the driver's side window in, and desperately pulled the driver out. \"Jump, jump, now!\" Ferris begged him. Cameron indeed swan-dove off the dock with the victim and started stroking to shore, moments before the barge smashed into the dock, shattering it and the car clean in two. Ferris grimaced at the impact even from his high perch. \"OK Sloane, keep an eye on them and tell me which way!\" he shouted down to his girlfriend below. \"Swing it out to your left!\" Sloane shouted up to him, her voice barely audible over the hum of the crane's machinery. Ferris threw the appropriate lever, swinging the crane to the left. \"Too far, too far; bring it back!\" Sloane shouted, trying to keep one eye on the crane and the other on Cameron in the river, \"Hurry, I think Cameron can't hold whoever he's got up and keep swimming much longer!\" Indeed, Ferris could see Cameron starting to flounder with the figure in his arms. He quickly swung the crane back to the right, then dropped it down to the river in a flash. Cameron desperately stroked for it, briefly going under but managing to pull himself and the victim back to the surface after a few seconds. Finally, with a last burst, he grabbed hold of it. Ferris immediately threw the switch backwards, raising the crane hook, with Cameron holding on tight, out of the Potomac. He swung it back towards the shore and softly lowered them down to dry land. \"Got them; go help them!\" he called down to Sloane, who nodded and ran in the direction the crane had come down. Ferris switched the crane back off and rushed back down the scaffolding to ground level. In about four minutes, he'd reached the site where he'd deposited his friend. \"How is whoever it is!?\" he asked breathlessly, reaching Cameron just seconds after Sloane had. \"Not good; I think she got a concussion from the crash. And Ferris, take a look at who it was...\" Cameron numbly rolled the victim over on her back. Ferris's eyes went wide to see exactly who it was. \"First Daughter Natalie Simmons...!\" Sloane gasped herself at the sight of the president's teenage daughter on the ground before them, unconscious, \"What was she doing driving like that on this road...she's not breathing; did she go under!?\" she pressed Cameron worriedly. \"Of course she went under; you saw me struggling to stay afloat myself!\" Cameron snapped, fear in his voice from the experience. He glanced down worriedly at the First Daughter. \"You know, she does look prettier in person than she does on TV...\" \"Move!\" Sloane pushed him aside and started administering CPR to Natalie. \"Come on, come on!\" she begged, trying it again when nothing happened. On the third attempt, however, Natalie jerked about and coughed up a large mouthful of water. \"Thank God,\" Sloane breathed in relief, turning at the sound of sirens approaching. \"You're going to be all right now,\" she told the other girl, bending down to pick her up, \"Help me get her to the ambulances, guys.\" \"She's prettier than she is on TV, yeah, but she's also heavier,\" Ferris remarked, straining to get Natalie's legs. He saw Cameron, supporting the First Daughter's midsection, staring intently at her face with deep concern. \"I know what you're thinking,\" he turned backwards, \"And just maybe it will be. Or maybe not. Stay tuned...\"[Chapter 6] AUTHOR'S NOTE: As with the other John Hughes-based fan stories of mine you may have read on this site, the major secondary character you're about to meet was written with John Candy in mind. Given how much a part of the Hughes canon he would be in the end, it just seems natural to I to insert a role of some kind for him in fan stories for films in which he did not appear in life. Moving on... \"Two hours,\" Ferris mumbled, staring at the clock in the hospital's waiting room, \"Hope that means everything's OK...\" \"She seemed decent enough when they were loading her into the ambulance, other than the fact she was drunk out of her mind; her whole breath was doused with alcohol when I revived her,\" Sloane told him, shifting about uncomfortably in her seat, \"What was she doing driving like that, and where were all the Secret Service agents to keep her from doing it?\" She turned to look Ferris right in the eye. \"You took a real chance asking Cameron to go get her knowing how easily he could crumble under the pressure, and I think he almost did,\" she admonished him. \"Yeah, I know I took a chance,\" Ferris admitted, \"But what it came down to was, I trust Cameron implicitly to make the right decision when it counts, and he came through. Just look at him,\" he pointed across the room, where Cameron was standing stone still in front of the doors to the operating room, staring into it, \"Ever since her father was elected, he's been transfixed by her. I've seen it every time the whole Simmons family's been on TV at a campaign rally or something like that. I think to him, she's the ultimate possibility, the one dream girl he's wanted because she is who she is, and he thinks she's so great that he has no chance with her. Well, considering...\" \"Shh,\" Sloane silenced him, pointing up the hall, where a pair of sunglass-wearing Secret Service agents were bustling towards the reception room. A large rotund and roly-poly man with red hair-a dead ringer, Ferris thought, for Mr. Griffith the shower curtain ring salesman who'd moved to town a few months ago, only without the mustache-rushed after them. \"Hello there,\" he worriedly greeted the receptionist, \"My name's Jim Hobor, I'm the White House's assistant deputy director of media relations. I've heard that...\" \"Operating room right now; what took you guys so long?\" the receptionist raised a surprised eyebrow. \"I took a wrong turn in my hysteria, and traffic was too bad to...Doctor,\" Hobor rushed towards one coming out of the operating room now, \"Were you working on...!?\" \"The big important patient, yeah,\" the doctor finished the sentence for him, \"She'll be OK; she had a mild concussion from the crash, but she's up and about now.\" \"Good, good,\" Hobor breathed a deep sigh of relief, \"Uh, well, I am going to have ask a little favor, much as I hate to,\" he dug out his wallet, \"For a down payment of, oh, five hundred dollars plus a big promotion to head doctor here, would you be willing to not say anything about this to the press or anyone?\" \"Are you trying to buy my silence?\" the doctor frowned at him, \"Mister, she may be the president's daughter, but from what I've seen from what the police showed me, she was completely out of control tonight. A hundred and ten miles an hour in the downtown area and a number of near collisions with other drivers before she did crash. Need I also point out her blood alcohol content when I examined her was 0.21, and she had a decent amount of opioids in her system?\" \"She's, she's not usually a drinker, Doc; I should know; her dad's assigned me to essentially look over her when he's not here in town,\" Hobor explained, digging deeper into his wallet, \"Now like I said, I really don't like doing this, I think it's inherently wrong too, but if I up the bid to a thousand and swear on the Bible to make sure she never does it again, can I get your word none of this gets out?\" \"I don't think that...\" \"Let me put it this way, Doc: the press secretary told me after he got the news about the crash that if I don't pull this off, I'm fired. So please, for a hardworking low level everyday guy like me...?\" Hobor gave the doctor such a pleading look of desperation that the man sighed and mumbled, \"OK, I'll think about it. She's up and about now if you want to take her back to 1600 Penn. But please make sure it never happens again, because next time I will go public no matter what you throw at me. And above all, thank these kids with all your heart and soul,\" he gestured at Ferris and his friends across the waiting room, \"If they hadn't been right by the spot she went into the river, she'd probably be at the bottom of it now. I'll go get the release paperwork for you to sign, Mr. Harbor; she's in Room 86.\" \"It's Hobor,\" the president's man corrected him. He watched the doctor disappear back into the operating room, then slumped to the floor and let out a deep sigh of relief. \"That was too close,\" he mumbled out loud, \"If anything had happened to her, we'd both be in for it...\" He turned towards Ferris and the others. \"So you're the ones that pulled her out of the river?\" he asked, rising back up and rushing over to them, \"I can't thank the three of you enough for doing it. If there's anything I can give you as a reward...\" \"We'll think it over,\" Ferris told him; better not to play any cards until he knew what the entire hand was, he reasoned deep down, \"The name's Ferris Bueller; this is Sloane Petersen and Cameron Frye,\" he gestured at his girlfriend and best friend, \"And we're glad to have been readily available to perform such a great service for the presidency.\" \"Believe me, so am I. I'm Jim Hobor, and like I told the lady over there, I've been assigned to look after Nat while her folks are out,\" the man told them, \"I'll be taking her home now if she's OK. Bill, come with me; Phil, go fill out the paperwork,\" he instructed the Secret Service agents. \"You kids can come with me,\" he waved Ferris and the others to follow him, \"I think at a minimum you deserve to get her thanks face to face.\" \"Well we appreciate it, Mr. Hobor,\" Ferris said, following him through the operating room doors. \"Call me Jim. For helping her like that, I think we've earned the right to be on a first name basis, Ferris, I guess you said. Here we go,\" Jim noted the sign for Room 86 on the door to his right and entered it. \"Evening,\" he said firmly to Natalie, who was seated upright in the hospital bed, her head bandaged, \"How are we feeling?\" \"I've got a splitting headache,\" the First Daughter groaned, grasping at the bandages, \"I don't remember the crash, but it hurts even after...\" \"Nat, what were you thinking!?\" Jim grew very stern, \"From what I've heard, you were utterly plastered out there on the road, and you almost killed a couple people besides almost killing yourself. If you wanted a night out, why didn't you come to me instead of sneaking out like that!?\" \"Because I wanted to be free, not chained to some overweight nursemaid!\" Natalie snapped back, \"I couldn't take it in there anymore; I wanted to live again!\" \"Nat, getting drunk and high is not getting free,\" Jim shook his head grimly, \"I had to offer the doctor a thousand bucks to cover this up, and you know how much I hate to stoop to that. You better thank God for these kids,\" he gestured Ferris and the others forward, \"They were walking right by the river when you went into it; if it wasn't for their quick thinking, I'd be claiming your body at the morgue now, if there'd even be anything to recover. So don't you have something to say to them?\" \"I, I guess so. Thank you,\" Natalie turned gratefully to Ferris and his friends, \"I don't know what I can do to repay you...?\" \"Well,\" Ferris cut in quickly, \"If anyone deserves a reward, it's Cameron here,\" he pushed his best friend forward, \"He was the one who saw you go into the Potomac, yelled for the rest of us to get to the crane we fished you out with, and dove in without a second thought to get to you.\" \"Ferris, what are you doing...!?\" Cameron frowned quizzically at him. \"Oh come on, Cameron, don't be so modest,\" Ferris interrupted, patting him on the shoulder, \"His very words when he saw the crash were, 'I'm getting her out of there, guys; stand by for me.' Weren't they, Sloane?\" he asked his girlfriend with raised eyebrows. \"Oh, oh, yes,\" Sloane nodded, picking up his drift, \"Cameron just tore out there to get you without a thought for himself,\" she told Natalie with a smile, \"In fact, the crane wasn't really needed in the end; he had you practically to shore when we got it in the water.\" \"Did he now?\" Natalie sat straight up and looked a flummoxed Cameron warmly in the eye. \"Well thank you very much, Cameron, that was very brave of you.\" \"I...this...I'm...well...\" Cameron stammered for something to say, \"Uh...just, just a spur of the moment thing, I guess,\" was the best he could ultimately come up with. \"I think this calls for a special reward for him, doesn't it, Jim?\" Natalie asked her caretaker. \"I don't see why not,\" Jim smiled at Cameron as well, \"So what would you like most of all, young man?\" \"Um, um, uh, um...\" Cameron stammered again, his eyes zeroing in on Natalie again, then quickly pulling away. \"Well, Jim,\" Ferris spoke up quickly, \"we'd like one simple request first. We're in town on a field trip, and the motel we're been assigned is, quite simply, the pits. So, I was wondering, if, for starters, at least for tonight...\" \"Hello, 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue,\" he said with a satisfied grin, climbing out of the Secret Service's van in front of the White House's front entrance, \"Daddy's come home.\" \"I still think we ought to call your motel and let them know you kids are here...\" Jim said, climbing out of the front passenger seat and opening the side door for Natalie to climb down. \"Oh don't bother with it, Jim; they earned this,\" Natalie told him. \"Come on, Cameron,\" she eagerly waved him out of the van, \"You can have the Lincoln Bedroom; it's the best guest room in the place.\" \"Uh...uh...thanks,\" a nervous Cameron managed to say. \"Ferris what did you get me into!?\" he desperately whimpered in his best friend's ear as they and Sloane walked towards the front door, \"The most popular and important girl in the country thinks I'm a big hero now! How can I face her when she finds out I'm a worthless coward!?\" \"Then the key is not to be a worthless coward going forward,\" Ferris whispered back, \"And since you did swim out there and get her out in time, you're already halfway there. Good evening,\" he waved happily at the Secret Service agents guarding the door, \"We're with the First Daughter; you guys are doing a great job.\" \"Everything's OK, Nat's just fine,\" Jim told them with an overeager smile. When he got nothing but stony silence from the men, he winced and whimpered, \"I'm a dead man if this leaks out...!\" \"Hello baby,\" Ferris broke into a huge grin inside the White House's entrance hall. \"This is what I've lived for, a night at the center of the world!\" he declared, spinning madly in a circle. \"Sloane, get me with George,\" he called to her, leaping to a bust of George Washington and pretending to kiss the first president while she took his picture. \"Now get me in the Green Room...\" he posed in its doorway, \"...and now the Blue Room...and now the Red Room...\" \"And now the elevators are over here,\" Natalie called to him, having pressed the button for it. Ferris and Sloane joined her and Cameron in it. A quick minute later, it arrived on the Executive Mansion's second floor. \"Lincoln Bedroom's down there on the left; Ferris, Sloane, you get the Queen's Bedroom over there on the right,\" the First Daughter pointed to it. \"Sounds good to me...ooooooooh yeeeeeeeaaaaahhh,\" Ferris gushed at the exquisite interior of the Queen's Bedroom. \"If this isn't opulence, I don't know what is.\" \"Definitely a hundred times better than the motel, that's for sure,\" Sloane agreed, setting her purse down on the bed. \"Well, the loveliest girl in the entire United States certainly deserves nothing but the best as far as I'm concerned,\" Ferris pulled her close for a kiss, \"As too does Cameron,\" he glanced across the hall at the Lincoln Bedroom, \"That's why...\" \"I know. Just looking out for him as a friend,\" Sloane grinned, \"Now let's hope he's got the courage to keep being who she apparently thinks he is.\" \"Like I said, I trust him. Shall we?\" Ferris waved her across the hall to the Lincoln Bedroom. Cameron was staring out the window at the lights of Washington's skyline. \"I don't deserve this, you know I don't,\" he said without turning around, sensing them having come in behind him. \"Oh yes you do,\" Sloane rubbed his shoulder, \"Like Ferris said, you did pull her out in time.\" \"But I'm...\" Cameron tried to come up with something to say, but failed. His eyes widened as Natalie entered the room with several bowls in hand. \"Ice cream?\" she asked them. \"Why not? Of course, Cameron deserves the biggest serving,\" Ferris pointed at him. \"Oh of course. For the boy who saved my life, anything,\" Natalie handed Cameron the biggest one. \"Uh.. thank you,\" Cameron mumbled, stumbling to sit down on the bed, \"Uh, well, Natalie, it's uh, great to meet you, and, um, I'm glad to be of service...\" \"Oh he's being modest again. What he wants to say, Natalie, is that he's been infatuated with you ever since your father decided to run for the presidency,\" Ferris spoke up again. \"Ferris, no...!\" Cameron desperately pleaded with him through gritted teeth. \"Well it's the truth, Cam,\" Sloane added, \"Every time your father made a public speech, and you were with him, he couldn't stop staring at you,\" she told Natalie, \"We could see in his eyes that...what?\" her tone got concerned, for Natalie had slumped her head down into her knees. \"I wish he'd never run for the presidency!\" she lamented. \"Oh, are you lonely?\" Sloane asked, worried. \"Since you asked, yes,\" the First Daughter nodded sadly, \"I was happy back in Michigan; sure, there were public appearances as the governor's daughter and all that, but at least I fit in, I had friends, I felt normal. When he won the election, I was uprooted away from all that. This is nothing but a prison without bars,\" she gestured around the Lincoln Bedroom with contempt, \"None of my friends come to visit, I can't go anywhere unless Mom and Dad want me to do something official; I'm a prisoner. And...and Dad's changed. The moment he won the presidency, something changed. He hardly remembers me anymore; it's all either important state meetings or running around with donors for his reelection campaign next year. He left for the Middle East this week not even caring that tomorrow's my b...my b...\" She let out a wail of grief, one tinged with the pain of a forgotten child. \"Your birthday?\" Cameron asked cautiously, sliding ever so slightly closer to her and reaching out for her shoulder, but ultimately pulling back, \"That, yeah, that hurts bad. But don't feel too bad. My dad tried to shoot me when he found I'd wrecked his Ferrari a few months ago. He's serving hard time for it now.\" \"Oh?\" she looked up, \"That's terrible.\" \"Forget about it. Unless he shows any actual remorse when he gets out, I'm done with him. For favoring his stupid car over me all the time, he deserves to lose me,\" Cameron muttered bitterly. \"So yeah, I know how you feel,\" he hesitantly turned towards Natalie and locked eyes with her, \"I know what it's like to be passed over for something else. And it hurts bad, yeah, more than you can imagine.\" \"So let me guess, then,\" Ferris spoke up, \"That what happened tonight was your attempt to, if you will, take a day, or in this case, night off, Natalie?\" \"You could say that,\" she nodded, \"I wanted to taste what freedom felt like again. You understand, right?\" \"Well, I understand, yeah, but you know, there are much better ways to do it,\" Ferris told her firmly, \"Cameron, Sloane, and I took a day off school a while back, but we took it off positively, seeing the sights of Chicago and everything. That's the way to make the best of life and a day off. Not getting drunk and high and nearly killing yourself. What exactly were you thinking?\" \"I don't know what I was thinking,\" Natalie fought back tears again, \"I was just so angry at Dad and Mom for abandoning me for my birthday, and everyone with the Secret Service keeping me in here-I wanted to rebel as much as I could. Once I got out, I went around to at least five bars, drank as much as I could, bought God knows what from some guy on the street...oh what was I thinking!?\" she lamented, slumping into Cameron's chest and breaking down again, \"Jim's right; I could have killed myself, could have killed any number of people! I just wish this whole nightmare would end, and I'd wake up back home with my friends again!\" Fighting tears himself, Cameron slowly put his arms around her. \"It's...it's OK, I understand, we all understand,\" he managed to say, then looked to Ferris for approval. Ferris flashed him a thumbs up. \"Yeah, we understand, Natalie,\" he added himself, \"No one should be alone on their birthday. Speaking of which,\" his eyes lit up, \"Let me make a proposition for you then. I can help arrange the best birthday tomorrow for you I can, if you agree to help us.\" \"Huh?\" she looked up, \"How can you help me?\" \"Because he's Ferris Bueller, and he can make things happen,\" Sloane told her, giving her boyfriend a wink, \"And in the meantime, we're working on something that someone in your position might be able to really help with.\" \"What?\" Natalie asked. Ferris told her all about Jerry's predicament and their pursuit of evidence against Senator Tannen. \"I've never trusted Senator Tannen myself, personally,\" the First Daughter grumbled when he'd finished, \"He's been eyeing Dad's job enviously since we arrived here. And he's always seemed to me like someone who might be dealing in bad things, even if everyone else in the capital thinks highly of him. Well, for all of you helping me,\" she flashed Cameron another smile, \"I'd be glad to help if you could manage a good birthday celebration for me.\" \"Oh, I've got some ideas,\" Ferris's grin got wider, \"Trust me, you'll like it. Now, in turn, we'd like to be able to get into Tannen's phone and computer records and see exactly who he's been dealing with...\" \"Say no more,\" Natalie held up a hand, looking much happier now, \"It so happens I'm a bit of a computer expert myself...\" \"Wonderful. So, once we finish this ice cream, how about we go take a tour of the West Wing and Situation Room?\" Ferris proposed. \"So this is where it all comes together,\" he mused about fifteen minutes later, looking into the Press Briefing Room. He jumped up to the podium. \"I want the people to know that they still have two out of three branches of the government working for them, and that ain't bad,\" he declared in his best Jack Nicholson impression. \"Hold that pose,\" Sloane aimed her cell phone at him and took his picture. \"We'll have to get one in the Oval Office too when we're done.\" \"As long as you don't get any classified material, that should be fine,\" Jim, who'd volunteered to show them the West Wing, stuck his head around the corner, \"Situation Room's down the stairs to your left,\" he pointed. \"Enjoying it, Ferris?\" he hung back and asked him as the others bustled down the stairs to the Situation Room. \"More than you can imagine, Jim,\" Ferris gave him a thumbs-up. \"You know, I couldn't help listening in in the hall earlier,\" the president's man looked straight at him, \"You were discussing some pretty extreme things about bringing down Bob Tannen back there. Hacking into his phone and computers and everything...\" \"So you heard. Yeah, I might be stretching it a bit with that. But we've got to do it. I have sufficient reason to believe he's ruined some people's lives already, and is therefore unfit for both the presidency and his Senate seat,\" Ferris repeated all the information he'd told to Natalie about Tannen to Jim. \"He did always strike me as that sort of guy, to be honest,\" Jim confessed. \"Well you know, Ferris, there probably are better ways to do this...\" \"Problem is, I don't know what they are. So yeah, I know what I have in mind is stretching the boundaries, but I think it needs to be done. So, if I may ask, would you happen to know any judges who work really slow in getting wiretap warrants approved?\" Ferris inquired, \"My logic being, if it travels through the system slow enough so that the cover's blown on Tannen by the time it comes before the judge, it'll be approved in a flash.\" \"Well, that's taking a big risk...but what the heck, I'm here, might as well do some good in this position. I'll make the call first thing in the morning to one judge I know definitely pussyfoots around,\" Jim agreed. \"Thanks. And see if we can get Tannen's schedule for the rest of the week; I'd like to know more or less where he is every waking minute while we're here,\" Ferris asked him. It was his turn to look straight at Jim. \"Are you happy here, if I may ask?\" \"Well, if you must know...\" Jim came to a stop at the bottom of the stairs and leaned against the wall. \"I always wanted to serve in government; as a kid, I wanted to be president,\" he began, looking nostalgic, \"I became a campaign activist for the party back home in Rockford, and once Matthew Simmons announced he was running for the presidency, I volunteered for him in a heartbeat. He looked different from all the other candidates; he looked honorable, honest, someone who'd really make a strong difference. And then...he won. And a different Matthew Simmons was born. One who clearly enjoyed being the president above everything else and started spending all his free time planning on how to be reelected. I hoped to get something important, but instead I got stuck being...\" he checked his nametag to confirm his title, \"assistant deputy director for media relations. Try getting people to remember that title. I don't even know what I'm supposed to be doing for it. Instead of getting to work to make things better for the public, I got essentially assigned to be Nat's guardian. Now I'm not complaining about that-I like the girl, and I really want to be her friend. I just...expected more. I wanted to do more for the American people. I believed in Matthew Simmons, and now the man basically blew off his daughter's birthday for some Middle Eastern autocrats who probably torture their people. It's frustrating...\" \"I can guess,\" Ferris nodded knowingly, \"No one wants to see their idols exposed as unworthy. It's disappointing to see what power can do to even the best of us-I should know, as power's made my principal a tyrant himself. Well, if you can pull a few more strings for me, I can help make her birthday terrific tomorrow, in exchange for you and her helping us.\" \"What've you got in mind?\" Jim asked him. Ferris whispered his suggestions in the man's ear. The assistant deputy director for media relations grinned. \"You really think big, Ferris Bueller, that's for sure. But I like you,\" he told the boy, \"I'll see if I can set something up there. Now, let's see what we can do in the good old Situation Room...\" He and Ferris bustled into the primary conference room. Video screens on the wall showed images of various parts of the world. \"Check it out, Ferris, an airstrike on terrorists in Somalia about to hit right now,\" Sloane pointed at one wall, showing green blips headed for the country in question. \"We really need more people in Yemen,\" Cameron commented, staring at another screen, \"There's way too many extremist groups in there...\" \"It's in here,\" Natalie called from the next room over, which had a number of computer consoles. \"I told the guys on night duty there was an important phone call coming in from Kuwait, so we've got about a ten minute window to work with,\" she gestured around the now empty room and sat down behind one of the computers, \"OK, what do you want me to dig up?\" \"Bob Tannen's phone records from at least the last six months on both his office and his cell phone, plus all his e-mails for the last two years,\" Ferris told her, \"We'd like to see everyone he's been touch with during that time.\" \"OK, that's workable. I can probably do that in six minutes,\" Natalie gave him a thumbs up, then started typing in information to the computer. \"Just be careful enough so it's not traced here, Nat,\" Jim advised her, pushing the room's door closed and bracing his large frame against it, \"The way Tannen tries to champion populism to his base, he'd be the first to scream tyranny if he thinks the White House hacked him...\" \"Not to worry, Jim; after spending all the time down here watching our guys crack all the Russian and Chinese codes, I know how to do this discreetly,\" Natalie assured him. \"Oh, and sorry about calling you an overweight nursemaid earlier,\" she apologized to him, \"You are pretty much the only friend I've got here.\" \"And I'm glad to be a friend for you,\" Jim smiled at her. He kept a wary glance out the room's window as the First Daughter digitally tapped into the phone and computer records. Finally, almost exactly six minutes later, she hit the enter key. \"Done,\" she declared, pointing to the records on the screen. \"Good. Print them out, and we'll check them out,\" Ferris told her. She dutifully hit the print button, and pages started printing out behind them. \"He's sure been calling a lot of people,\" Cameron squinted at the screen. \"Probably means he is running something big,\" Sloane rationalized, \"So the sooner we can get these numbers IDed, the better.\" \"Yep,\" Ferris nodded. \"Uh, Jim,\" he approached the man again, \"A couple more requests while I'm at it. First, while I'm enjoying it here, since this is our senior trip, it doesn't seem right to leave everyone else in our class suffering back at the motel under Mr. Rooney's thumb. So, I was wondering if...\" \"Well, how many are we talking about?\" \"Five hundred and thirty-four seniors in this year's class at Shermer High, if that'll work.\" \"Five hundred, huh? Hmm,\" Jim's browed furled, \"Well, you're in luck that there's no foreign dignitaries in town, as that means the Blair House is unoccupied across the street. If we go about eight or nine to a room, as well as the spare guests rooms in here-and make sure the staff doesn't tell the prez his house is going to be a temporary hotel-I think we can make it work.\" \"Great,\" Ferris shook his hand, \"And, one more thing about the motel; I'd like to at least try and be back there tomorrow morning around seven thirty, so I can finish up a few loose ends there...\"[Chapter 7] \"OK, what's the big deal here?\" the manager of the Alexandria motel complained, bustling across the second level towards what had been booked as Ferris's room. \"Ed wants you to look in and confirm his theory Ferris Bueller isn't it there,\" Grace explained, gesturing at the scowling principal. \"Look mac, you were on me last night over it, and like I told you then, I can't invade the privacy of our guests without just cause. And listen, he's still snoring away in there,\" the manager pointed at the door, behind which loud snoring could be heard. \"And did you actually see him go into that room!?\" Rooney grilled him. \"Well, no...\" \"Then it's an obvious recording in there. As principal of Shermer High, I demand you take a look,\" Rooney ordered him, not noticing a sleek black car slowly pulling in behind the motel. \"And I told you before, the answer's no,\" the manager shook his head firmly. \"Fine, then I'll do it! If you want it done right, you have to do it yourself!\" Rooney roared, \"Stand clear,\" he waved Grace and the other teachers away from Ferris's door, \"This door is coming down in ten seconds, and then we'll see exactly what we have here!\" \"Impressive, Ed; you sound just like that Bambo guy,\" Grace commended him with a smile. \"RAMBO, Grace! Stand back...\" \"You break that door, buddy, you bought it,\" the manager warned him. Rooney paid no heed and gave the door a sharp kick...and immediately let out a howl and hopped backwards clutching his foot in agony...backwards, in fact, right over the second floor railing, where he landed inside the motel's dumpster. Barely three seconds later, the room door creaked open. \"Is something wrong out here?\" Ferris, wearing only a T-shirt and underwear, stuck his head out, \"I thought I heard people shouting...\" \"Oh, nothing at all, Ferris; Mr. Rooney was just espousing some conspiracy theories, that's all,\" Mr. Jacobson told him, glaring over the railing at Rooney stumbling around in the dumpster, \"Are you feeling better today?\" \"Oh much better,\" Ferris flashed a big smile, \"I think it was gas rather than an actual burst appendix. I'm all raring to go today.\" \"Oh that's wonderful,\" Grace clapped her hands in delight, \"I'd hate to see any student get bedridden on...ED!\" she cried down below, where the garbage truck had arrived and was dumping the dumpster, with Rooney in it, into its back. \"Wait, stop!\" the school secretary cried, \"Don't throw Ed out! He's too valuable a principal to end up in the dump!\" The garbage truck instead gunned its engine and pulled out into the street with Rooney still in the back. The manager rolled his eyes in disgust. \"If she catches up to him, tell him not to bother me about this kid again when clearly he's been here the whole time,\" he pointed at Ferris, \"If he keeps it up, I may have to dump all of you to the curb.\" \"Don't worry, I'll make sure it's the last time you're bothered about it,\" Mr. Jacobson assured him. \"Better get dressed, Ferris, we'll be heading out for the National Air and Space Museum in fifteen minutes,\" he told the boy. \"Great, Mr. Jacobson; I've wanted to really see that,\" Ferris told him with faux eagerness, \"Say, tell Mr. Steinberg I'd love to hear him give a lecture on the history of flight.\" \"Well, I'll tell him you said that. Excuse me, got to get Mr. Rooney out of the garbage, much as he probably deserves being stuck in it,\" Mr. Jacobson shook his head in disgust and ran down the stairs after Grace. Ferris closed the door and breathed a sigh of relief. \"I'm sure you're all wondering how I managed to get back in the room in time,\" he glanced back away from the door, \"Well, some things in life are best left to the imagination, so I'll let you figure it out on your own. Meanwhile, thanks to Mr. Rooney putting himself out of the picture for now, that leaves the door wide open for another great day. So why don't we skip ahead here to the museum...?\" \"Hello, remember me?\" he tapped Jerry on the shoulder outside the National Air and Space Museum fifteen minutes later. \"Ferris, good to see you again,\" Jerry greeted him, \"Where'd you get to? Did you...?\" \"In fact, we do have some new info, and some highly placed allies on our side now,\" Ferris told him, \"I'll tell you about it in person in a moment; for now, spread the word to everyone else: prepare to head outside once we give the signal.\" \"What's the...?\" Jerry started to ask him, but Ferris had already started bustling off to the other side of the crowd of students heading into the museum. \"Class, can I have your attention please?\" came Mr. Steinberg's monotone drawl from the center of the lobby, \"May I have...class, can I have...?\" \"Shhhhh!\" Ferris hissed at his fellow seniors, which brought them to silence. Better to keep an appearance of normalcy until the right time, he knew. \"Thank you, Bueller,\" Mr. Steinberg thanked him, his voice not changing pitch at all. \"All right, class, as Ferris has told me I was doing a great job earlier, I'll try and go a little more in-depth today-trust me, you'll thank me for it later,\" he said in response to a number of loud groans, \"So pay attention, class, I'm going into full detail on the displays you'll see here today.\" \"Think happy thoughts and block him out, pass it on,\" Ferris whispered softly to the girl next to him in the crowd. He took a deep breath as Mr. Steinberg began, \"As you can see, class, we're standing in the lobby of the National Air and Space Museum. America's honorable heritage of being the first in various forms of flight is something that should be celebrated, and as you'll go through the museum with me, you'll learn many, many interesting facts. All right, if you'll look directly overhead,\" he pointed above them, \"You'll see the Wright Brothers' Flyer, the very first plane to ever verifiably obtain unaided flight. In December 1903, Orville and Wilbur Wright, who in their normal lives were...anyone?...anyone?...bicycle salesmen, put all their previous years' efforts into this flying machine above you now. Their interest had started when Wilbur had written to the Smithsonian in the late 1890s asking for any and all information concerning flight; Orville joined him in the project soon afterwards. As it was, the head of the Smithsonian at the time was also trying flight experiments of his own. Anyone know his name, anyone? Anyone? Samuel Langley. And anyone know what's named in his honor for this attempt at flight, anyone? Langley Air Force Base. Langley had built a flying machine of his own; anyone know what he called it, anyone? Anyone? Anyone? An aerodrome. Twice, right before the Wright Brothers' flight, he attempted to fly the aerodrome. Anyone know how that turned out, anyone? Anyone? Both times, the plane immediately crashed into the river, and scientists today believe it would have been too heavy to fly anyway. Meanwhile, Orville and Wilbur had tested their theories of flight on the Kitty Hawk beaches with, anyone know what, anyone? Plane-shaped kites. They also used a rudimentary...anyone? Anyone? Anyone? An early wind tunnel to determine wind resistance and other key...key components of flight. It was Orville who would have the...the honor of flying the...the...the...\" His head slumped down, and he started snoring. This time his lecture had been so dull that he'd actually put himself to sleep. A few of the other students were snoring too, unable to have effectively heeded Ferris's warnings. Nonetheless, he knew it was time to exit the supervised part of the field trip. \"Head quietly for the door, pass it on too,\" he told the girl next to him, then quickly walked for it, thus being the first one outside. \"OK, Shermer High senior class,\" he announced out loud once everyone was outside, \"We'll come back here on our own time later on. But for now, I'd like to introduce you to a very special girl named Natalie; you've probably heard of her,\" he pointed to the first of a long line of limousines parked in front of the museum, where Natalie stuck her head out of the door and waved, to cheers and a few cat calls. \"Today happens to be her birthday, so I agreed that we could all celebrate it with her,\" Ferris continued, \"So, if you'll all go about eight to a limo, we've got tickets for this morning's Washington Nationals game with the Cubs to help start the celebration, which will conclude this evening at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, which, I'm happy to say, she's gratefully agreed to let us stay at while her father's away trying to help the cause of the Free World.\" An even louder cheer rose up as the senior class rushed for the limousines. Ferris scanned the crowd for Jerry, spotted him, and held up his hand to wave him to Natalie's limousine. He did the same for Sloane and Cameron to his right. \"Jerry Greenfield, meet Natalie Simmons, who I guess you know well,\" he introduced them to each other as the limo pulled forward into the street, \"We happened to cross paths last night. Jerry's the one I told you about we're trying to get justice for, Natalie.\" \"Nice to meet you,\" Natalie shook Jerry's hand, \"Jerry Greenfield...just like the ice cream salesman...\" \"Yeah, I do get that a lot,\" Jerry admitted, \"So you're really going to try and help?\" he asked her, amazed she would. \"Once Ferris and the others told me your story, I wanted to. My father may have lost touch with wanting to assist the average citizens, but I haven't. So tell me the whole story as you saw it unfold,\" she asked him. Jerry took a deep breath and once more related everything he'd told Ferris before. \"So thanks to all that, my family's in bad straits, and I might have to give up college,\" he concluded grimly, \"I want to believe Senator Tannen ordered the attack on my dad so the neighborhood could be leveled and rebuilt, and he could secretly profit off it. I hope we can get solid proof of some kind.\" \"Well, we found a few things of interest in fact, Jerry,\" Ferris reached under the seat for the print-outs from the other night, \"We were able to tap into Tannen's phone records (Jerry shuffled about uncomfortably in his seat at such a major breach of law, but remained silent). He made seven separate calls to Ronald Prince around the time your father was being pressured to sell, as well as one on the night before you said the attack took place. Now of course we can't tell what was said on those calls a year and a half after the fact, But Natalie has volunteered to try and tap his office phone and his computer, with your permission.\" \"Uh, well...I don't know,\" Jerry seemed torn, \"Unauthorized wiretaps by the president's daughter just doesn't seem right...\" \"Yeah, I see why you might see it that way. But you and everyone else that has been run out of that neighborhood, and anyone else who might have been hurt in similar schemes, deserves justice. I'll stay reasonably within the bounds of morality, I promise,\" Natalie insisted. Jerry still looked uncertain, but gave a soft nod. \"OK then. Another item of note: Tannen made two calls over a six month period last year to an address on the South Side that officially is an abandoned building,\" Ferris continued, pointing to the calls in question, \"We checked Chicago police reports; that was a hideout spot for the man fingered by the informant my sister and her sort-of boyfriend questioned yesterday, Wilson Karkovice. Looking over his files in the Chicago P.D., he seems likely to have been the assailant of your father. Now you said he told the police the leader of the thugs who attacked him was a tall man with dark hair and bushy eyebrows?\" \"Yeah?\" \"You think this is him?\" Ferris held up a photo of Karkovice they'd printed off the Chicago Police's Wanted page. Jerry squinted hard at it. \"He certainly matches what Dad said the leader looked like,\" he nodded hesitantly. \"OK, then we at least have verifiable probable cause that Tannen at least communicated with the assault team,\" Ferris surmised, \"Of course, the problem is proving Karkovice was on the other end of the line at the time these calls were made. Now my sister also found that it's likely Karkovice got payment from Tannen's brother, who runs the biggest downtown bank in Chicago. That makes sense; with millions of dollars changing hands there every day, hit money can be taken out or buried without anybody noticing, especially if no one's looking for it there.\" \"And, being a powerful politician, Tannen could easily bribe the SEC to look the other way any time,\" Cameron snorted across the limo, \"So basically, we've got the essential outline of everyone involved in forcibly redeveloping the neighborhood,\" he told Jerry, \"Now the problem is tying Tannen and his brother to Karkovice and Ronald Prince and anyone else who may have been peripherally involved, and prove they all worked together in a concerted effect to profit from forcing people out of their houses.\" \"And fortunately, we have a plan,\" Sloane grinned, \"Because Cameron's going to have my father, as it were, call up Ronald Prince and set some chaos in motion later today.\" \"Huh?\" Jerry frowned, \"What's your father got to do with it?\" \"Uh...you'll see. I, uh, can do his voice reasonably well,\" Cameron admitted softly. \"Oh, you're a voice actor?\" Natalie asked him, intrigued, making Cameron shrink down in his seat in nervousness, \"That's really impressive. I'd love to watch when you try it.\" \"Uh, maybe,\" Cameron mumbled, glancing desperately at Ferris to bail him out. Ferris merely shook his head softly at him with a smile of his own. He tapped the divider between the front and back seat. \"You got all that, Jim?\" he asked the assistant deputy director of media relations. The barrier rolled down. \"Yeah, I listened in good,\" Jim stuck his head through the slot, \"And while we were waiting for everyone to come out, I called Tannen's secretary and asked for his schedule, telling her we wanted to know so we could offer help to coordinate for when he officially announces he's running for president. He's in session till about six in the Capitol, then he'll be off to a big fundraising dinner with all the party bigwigs at nine. Then she says he'll be unavailable overnight; that could mean any number of things, so we'll keep an eye on that.\" \"Got it. Of course, then, we'll have to find out exactly what kind of cell phone he uses, then stop by a phone store and pick up an exact replica,\" Ferris nodded. \"Natalie and I can get into his office phone and computer easy enough, but when we made a preliminary attempt his cell phone, it was too heavily encrypted,\" he told Jerry, \"I can only guess he's too paranoid with it. So we decided the best option was to buy a lookalike cell phone, encode it to be tapped, and make a switch at some point, then set things in motion so he'll be calling his accomplices.\" \"Isn't that a bit risky?\" Jerry looked uncertain. \"That's what I told them, but I was overruled,\" Cameron shook his head, \"In short, there's a thousand and one ways this whole plan can go wrong...\" \"But if we play our cards right, it can bring down a whole load of corrupt people,\" Ferris countered. \"And I asked Jeannie to check out Bert Tannen's bank office and see if they can find anything there without getting caught. If they're successful, there's a chance we might have enough to bring their downfall into motion.\" \"Uh, yeah, that's one other thing; Tannen's making the formal announcement of his run for the White House tomorrow at noon in front of the Executive Mansion,\" Jim pointed out, \"His secretary told me that much on the phone. After he makes that announcement, he's bound to have loads of people destroying everything even remotely incriminating; I've seen how this town works. So we do have to make it work now while there's still evidence to find.\" \"I know. Nothing like a ticking clock to work against,\" Ferris shook his head. \"But, let's not worry about that now,\" he declared, \"Because it's Natalie's birthday, and I promised her a great time in exchange for her help, starting with the great American pastime...\" \"Again, you only have yourself to blame, Ed,\" Mr. Jacobson scolded Rooney, who was storming out of the taxi they'd hailed from the Washington landfill in front of the Air and Space Museum, \"If you hadn't been so vehement in continuing your ridiculous crusade against Ferris...\" \"I swear I saw him at the Lincoln Memorial yesterday when he was supposed to be back in his room with a burst appendix or whatever he said it was now,\" Rooney growled, \"If he hadn't pulled trickery on me, I would have had him. This was a seven thousand dollar suit,\" he gestured in disgust at his garbage-covered apparel, \"And it's coming out of his paycheck to clean it up. And if I don't see five hundred and thirty-seven students in this museum, not a single one of them will graduate, and Ferris will be banished permanently from school property...OH COME ON!\" he roared in disgust at the sight of Mr. Steinberg standing sound asleep in the middle of the lobby, other guests walking by him without noticing. \"Hmm, I didn't know Ben was that tired,\" Grace quipped behind the men, \"He seemed to sleep well last night...\" \"Shut it!\" Rooney thrust a hand at her. He bustled to the front desk. \"I'm the principal of Shermer High School; where did all the students who were with that man go?\" he demanded to the cashier, jerking a finger at the snoring Mr. Steinberg. \"Oh, they all walked out the door and left in limousines,\" the cashier told him matter of factually, \"It looks like Natalie Simmons of all people was taking them some place...\" \"Simmons?\" Rooney's eyebrows shot up, \"And you never thought to wake him up and stop them!?\" he gestured back at Mr. Steinberg. \"Well, they seemed safe with Secret Service vehicles following them, and besides, he's not really hurting anyone there,\" the cashier pointed at the sleeping teacher, \"In fact, he looks kind of cute like that...\" Groaning, Rooney stomped up to Mr. Steinberg. \"WAKE UP!\" he screamed in the teacher's ear. Mr. Steinberg awoke with a snort. \"So as I was saying, class,\" he jumped back into the end of his lecture, \"Orville Wright made the first successful flight of, anyone know how long, anyone? Any...?\" He slowly glanced around, finally noticing all his students were gone. \"Uh oh,\" he mumbled softly. He turned slowly to his boss. \"They must have gotten bored and walked out. I hope you're not mad at me, Ed.\" Rooney screamed in frustration. \"Come on!\" he grabbed Mr. Steinberg by the tie and dragged him towards the door, \"We're going to search this whole city from top to bottom until we find every last one of them, and then I'm revoking every single one of their diplomas for...!\" \"No you're not, Ed,\" Mr. Jacobson blocked the door on him, frowning, \"This time you're going to let it go and let these kids enjoy this trip.\" \"Tom, you've got till five to get out of my way, or your son's not going to UCLA!\" Rooney threatened him. \"I don't see how you can yank that scholarship, Ed, so I'm not budging for you on that,\" his underling folded his arms defiantly across his chest, \"And really, so what if Ferris Bueller's actually doing the things you insist he is? The way you've treated him and half the kids in this school, maybe you deserve another good hard slap in the face from him. So here's what's going to happen: you go off on your mad crusade, and once you leave, I'll call Corey and see what's going on. But don't think I'm going to tell you a word about what he says. And as long as it is on the level, if you do anything to try and punish him or ruin his experience here, then you're going to have to answer to me as a father and not a teacher,\" he leaned right in Rooney's face, \"And you're really not going to like it if I have to do that, Ed.\" \"I hate you!\" Rooney snarled back at him, \"The moment this trip is over, you're fired!\" \"Like I told you back in Chicago, Ed, nobody on the school board supports you anymore. So any attempt to fire me is going to be overridden in a heartbeat. In the meantime, go right ahead, Ed,\" Mr. Jacobson stepped aside and gestured at the door, \"Go on out there and try and hunt Ferris down. Go ahead and make a fool of yourself again. From now on, I'm not going to stop you-and I'm also not going to help you when it rebounds back in your face. Go on, Ed, go try and get him. Isn't that what you want?\" Glaring coldly, Rooney pushed past him and stomped towards the curb, where he hailed down another cab. \"Are you sure we shouldn't stop him?\" Mr. Steinberg frowned at their boss's departing backside. \"Nope, Ben, clearly he's got to find out for himself,\" Mr. Jacobson shook his head, \"And personally, I hope when he comes back to the motel, he's in even worse shape than he was this morning.\" He dug out his cell phone, \"Now, let's see what Corey says the actual story here is...\" \"Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'd like to take this opportunity to honor a special guest at this game who is celebrating a very important day today,\" the Nationals Park public address announcer declared, \"You've seen her on TV during her father's campaigns, and today she's turning eighteen. Would you all please stand up and join us in wishing a happy birthday to America's sweetheart, the Frist Daughter herself, Natalie Simmons!\" Ferris stood up and joined in the applause that rolled through the stadium-joined by a fife and drum band marching onto the field playing the Happy Birthday song, and punctuated by a squadron of jets flying overhead, trailing rainbow-colored exhausts. He nodded; everyone who he'd called the night before had come through-including, he saw, the caterers, who were pushing a massive seven-tiered birthday cake towards home plate. \"As I always say, you can never go too far, especially when it comes to someone else's happiness,\" he looked backwards, as if discussing it with someone else, \"And best of all,\" he pulled the familiar piece of paper out of his pocket, \"It's all going on Mr. Rooney's credit card.\" He pocketed the paper again and sat back down in his seat. To his right, Natalie was visibly touched by everything. \"Thank you, Ferris,\" she reached over and squeezed his shoulder gratefully, \"This is better than I could have ever imagined.\" \"Everyone should get to feel extra special on their birthday,\" Ferris told her with a smile. He loaned close to Sloane's ear and whispered, \"Take as many photos of all this and everything we do later, then get her father's Facebook and Twitter account from Jim and send them there. Maybe this'll shame him into realizing how bad he screwed up missing out on this. While it may be too late for Cameron's dad-he squandered his last chance by pulling that gun on him over the Ferrari as far as I'm concerned-I think President Simmons may still have some hope of redemption in him if we hit the right notes on him.\" \"I hope so,\" Sloane agreed, raising her cell phone and clicking a picture of Natalie accepting a very large slice of cake from the caterers, who then passed more slices down the row. Ferris took one of his own, then checked to make sure Natalie's attention was distracted before pulling a wrapped gift out of his pocket and tapping Cameron on the back. \"To her, from you,\" he whispered, handing him the package. \"Ferris, I can't. It's not right, and it'll never measure up...!\" Cameron hissed back, trying to push it back. \"You'll never be good enough for any girl if you keep thinking you aren't good enough for any of them. Now go on, give it to her!\" Ferris stressed, pushing it back to his friend. \"But I...!\" Cameron tried to protest again, but it was at this moment Natalie saw the present. \"Oh, is that for me too? Thank you, Cameron,\" she told him, taking it off him with a smile and opening it up. \"Oh, it's beautiful!\" she exclaimed, holding up a large moonstone ring. \"Thank you so much, Cameron,\" she gave him a hug, \"This was so sweet of you.\" \"Um...uh... um...uh...\" Cameron mumbled, looking like he was ready to faint. \"Yeah, I'd say it was,\" Jim leaned over from the row behind them, giving Ferris a knowing wink. Ferris returned it, glad the downtown jewelry store he'd called had also come through. \"I guess that means he really has feeling for you, Nat.\" \"I guess so,\" Natalie happily slipped the ring on and gave Cameron another hug, \"I'll remember this always, Cameron.\" \"Uh...glad to know,\" Cameron whimpered, looking stunned that this was all happening to him. It was at that moment, though, that Ferris's attention was distracted by his cell phone making a police siren noise. \"Everyone, shh, Tannen's using his office phone!\" he alerted his co-conspirators, waving them close. He hit the speaker button and set the audio at an appropriate level. \"Hello?\" the senator's voice could be heard speaking on his end of the phone. \"Hey, Bob, it's Coakley,\" came the voice of Illinois's most powerful coal baron, \"Want you to know, we did another scan; that new vein's even bigger than we thought. So I'm upping the offer to seven hundred fifty thousand.\" \"Really?\" Tannen sounded amazed, \"You're really desperate to turn a profit from this vein, Jimmy.\" \"With everyone switching to renewables, I've been losing money fast; this vein should stabilize my bank account if I get to mine it. Problem is, we've got half a dozen holdouts who won't sell, and the DEP guy's blocking my attempts to get a mining permit in the state park. I've taken your advice and called the people you said know how to take care of these things...\" \"Just be careful about it, Jimmy,\" Tannen warned him, \"I'm making my announcement for the presidency tomorrow; the last thing I need is any hint of a scandal to sink the campaign before it starts. Yeah, have them take care of it, but no cripples or dead bodies. Once I'm in the Oval Office, I'll make sure the Department of Environmental Protection never bothers you or anyone in your field again, and we can crow that we created loads of jobs in the process.\" \"Sounds good to me. So I guess that's a yes?\" Coakley asked him. \"Tell you what, Jimmy; call my brother and appraise him of the situation,\" Tannen said evasively, as if paranoid that he was being recorded in the first place, \"He'll know where to go from here. Can't talk much more right now; I was arguing a business deregulation bill on the floor, and had to cut out when I got the message you were on the line. They think I'm in the bathroom, so I'd better get back out there. Bye, Jimmy.\" The line cut off. \"Very interesting,\" Ferris mused, \"He was carefully enough not to say anything too incriminating, but this does hint he's accepting bribes on top of everything else, and this does implicate Bert Tannen to some degree. We'll text Jeannie after the game and tell her and Garth to look extra deep when they stop by his office...yes, yes, go back, back, YEAH!\" he cheered towards the field as the Cubs' shortstop blasted a home run over the centerfield fence. \"World Series, here we come!\" he declared, high fiving an equally delighted Cameron. \"Well, I'm a White Sox fan myself, so I wouldn't mind a city series, then,\" Jim piped up, nonetheless, giving the shortstop a polite applause as he crossed home plate. \"Dad always took me to Tigers games as a girl, so I'd be pulling for them,\" Natalie said, happily accepting the shortstop's bat when he trotted over to their seats, \"But this easily tops any of their games I was at.\" Ferris grinned and leaned back in his seat. So far, the day was going perfectly. Hopefully it would continue that way. \"And there we go,\" Mrs. Bueller said with great finality back in Chicago, signing her name to a set of documents in her realty office, \"We can consider the Vermont deal officially complete. I hope you both enjoy your new home,\" she handed the paperwork back to the relieved couple across from her and shook their hands, \"Have a nice day,\" she walked to the door and held it open for them, then bustled over to one of her co-workers in the corner. \"All done, Joyce, finally,\" she told the woman, handing the documents to her, \"I was so glad they decided to give us another chance after it fell apart earlier. Now I can put off wringing Jeannie's neck, at least for now.\" \"Great to know, Katie. You're not the best one here for nothing. Look at this,\" Joyce pointed at the TV screen in front of her, which showed a very happy Natalie in her seat at Nationals Park-with Ferris cut off out of frame to the right-\"Someone's throwing the president's daughter a big party at the ball game. Boy, her father must really love her to do that.\" \"Or somebody does. You know, I wish Ferris could be enjoying that as well,\" Mrs. Bueller lamented as the camera cut back to the field, \"But knowing the way that Mr. Rooney runs his school, he's probably got Ferris and the others running sprints around the National Mall's perimeter all week.\" \"Oh I know, the man's a nut job,\" Joyce agreed, \"My daughter graduated two years ago; Rooney was all over her for no good reason after she missed three days with bronchitis. He has no patience for any of the kids there.\" \"Two months ago, he called me up insisting Ferris was skipping school on a day he was sick. He pushed that phony narrative even after I went back home to check and saw him in bed myself. The school would be better if...oh, hold that thought, Joyce,\" Mrs. Bueller turned towards her now ringing phone. She bustled back to her desk, just as the TV cut to a reporter starting to interview Ferris in the front row (also unseen by Joyce, who got up to use the bathroom). \"Hello?\" she said into the phone. \"Afternoon, honey,\" her husband greeted her on the other end, \"How's the morning going?\" \"I finally closed the Vermont deal, Tom, thank god,\" she breathed a deep sigh of relief, her back squarely to the TV and Ferris's image. \"Good. Now we don't have to shoot Jeannie after all,\" Mr. Bueller breathed his own sigh of relief, \"I've had a tougher morning myself; Mr. Shirley went off the wall when we got the report that sales for the last quarter were way down. He didn't single me out, but my department might take a hit. So we've got to work around that. Anyway, you up for lunch?\" \"Of course. Chez Quis?\" \"Where else? See you there in fifteen minutes, Katie?\" \"Sounds good to me if traffic holds. See you there, Tom,\" Mrs. Bueller hung up. \"I'm heading out, Joyce,\" she told her colleague, turning back a split second after the TV cut away from Ferris, \"If anyone calls for me, take it down for when I get back.\" She stared at the television set again. \"Wherever you are in Washington, Ferris, I hope you're having as good an afternoon as these fans are,\" she wished her son well. \"So that's the game today, Ferris. An afternoon at the ball game,\" Rooney grinned in triumph in front of a downtown appliance store, where he'd caught a glimpse of Ferris's interview on the TVs displayed in the window, \"Well, that wasn't on our itinerary today. So you have to pay the price for walking out on the actual field trip. Taxi,\" he flagged one down. \"I have waited the last five years for a path out of this damn school, Ferris,\" he growled back at the TV screens, \"And you are not bringing down Bob Tannen and taking that chance away from me if I have anything to say about it...\"[Chapter 8] \"Didn't expect you'd get a trip to the National Zoo out of the day too, did you?\" Ferris grinned at Natalie as she came to a stop in front of the panda display. \"Nope,\" she stared at the pandas chewing away on bamboo in the middle of their enclosure, \"Truth be told, I've wanted to come here for a while, but having been stuck in the White House or doing official duties, I haven't gotten the chance to get here till now.\" \"Can't blame you for that choice,\" Cameron dared to slide alongside her, his eyes nonetheless locked in on the pandas, \"Knowing some people in this world, I'd prefer to be among animals some times.\" \"I know,\" she agreed, turning to him, \"Decided what you want to be after graduation, Cameron?\" \"Not at all,\" he shook his head, \"I'm not good at anything, and my interests are minimal. I was so used to being happy while I was sick that I guess I never branched out to anything.\" \"You'll find something,\" she assured him, turning back to the pandas. \"Only about a thousand of them left,\" she mused sadly, \"I hope there's time left in the world for our generation to make a difference for them and the rest of Earth's treasures.\" \"I guess every generation feels that way,\" Sloane mused, snapping the pandas' pictures, \"Everyone has to pitch in to do their part, with wildlife or their communities or what have you.\" \"Just like we're trying to do on our mission. Speaking of which,\" Ferris checked his watch, \"Jeannie and Garth should be at Bert Tannen's bank about now, so if the readers don't mind stepping away from the zoo for a little while, we can probably go to them.\" \"Huh?\" Natalie frowned at him. \"Never mind, you wouldn't get it. Anyway...\" \"...I'll make the call to get him out of his office; you'll probably have about five minutes to find anything. Just take pictures of whatever you do find and leave afterwards; we'll handle the rest on our end,\" he explained on Jeannie's phone as she and Garth rode the elevator to the top floor of the downtown high rise where Tannen's office was located, \"And above all, be subtle. We're entering critical phases of this mission; any slip-ups could tip Senator Tannen off that we're on to him.\" \"Thanks for your vote of confidence, Ferris,\" Jeannie muttered sarcastically, \"We'll try not to make ourselves look like fools. Unbelievable!\" she ranted to Garth once her brother had hung up, \"We're walking into a suicide mission, while he's carousing around the White House! Why'd I just know he'd milk this trip for all it was worth and then leave me twisting in the wind and set up to take another fall!? If he gets back to Chicago without being caught, I'll kill him myself!\" \"Uh, not to complain, but like I said when we met, what does it matter what he does?\" Garth inquired. \"Because it's just not fair! How come every single ball has to bounce his way, while I get set up for falls!? Because this mission can't possibly succeed! Tannen's brother's going to find us out in a flash, I'm getting arrested again, and this time Mom and Dad'll take away everything I have and give them to him, just like they gave him the car after he set me up on that day off of his! And besides...\" \"Well let's be honest, sweetheart, you walked into that one by skipping yourself to prove he was doing it,\" Garth reminded her, \"And for all the years I've known Ferris, there's one thing you have to keep in mind: trust the process.\" \"Lovely. You're quoting Sports Center, while Ferris gets to ride around in the presidential limousine and run up a massive bill on Mr. Rooney's plastic! And I know he's just going to double cross me out of everything he promised to...!\" \"Hold that thought, here we are,\" Garth cut her off as the elevator slid open at the floor they wanted, \"Remember be natural...and, like I said, trust the process.\" He approached the receptionist's desk. \"Afternoon,\" he greeted her, \"I'm Charlie Martin, and this is Jessica Johnson,\" he pointed to Jeannie, \"We spoke earlier about interviewing Mr. Tannen for a school report...\" \"Oh yes, I remember,\" the receptionist turned to him from her computer, \"Well, you understand, kids, that Mr. Tannen has a very busy schedule...\" \"Ah, kids, welcome,\" Bert Tannen in fact stuck his head out his office door, \"Always glad to help the next generation. Come on in,\" he waved them into his office and gestured towards two seats set up across from his desk, \"So, you said this was a school interview? What exactly about my job do you want to know?\" \"Well, we'd like a long, in-depth portrayal of how banking goes, given it's something your average high school student wouldn't understand,\" Garth began, drawing a notepad and pencil, \"Uh, let's start with the biographical information: I understand you come from humble beginnings?\" \"Yeah, my family was dirt poor growing up on the West Side,\" Bert admitted, frowning at the unpleasant memories, \"It was worse than you can imagine. No heat, no running water. My brother Bob and I swore we'd rise above that and be rich some day. I started off at an entry level banking position, and over a twenty year career worked myself up to the top of Olympus, the biggest banker in the city. And I'm sure you might have heard Bob's thinking about the presidency?\" \"Yeah, we've heard,\" Jeannie said, taking a deep, nervous breath and slowly hitting the button on her cell phone inside her jacket pocket, \"Um, Mr. Tannen, who exactly do you usually loan out to? I mean, obviously, you take on more than just average investors on the street...\" \"That's a good question, young lady. You see, lots of businesses in the great metropolitan area need capital to start their projects. Lots of the buildings and roads and bridges you see being built have to start somewhere, as state and federal grants can only cover so much. That's where my business comes in. I lend them the money in return for a deposit in my bank,\" Bert explained. \"So, then, all the big hitters come to you? Like, perhaps, Prince Construction?\" Garth inquired with a raised eyebrow, \"After all, they are the biggest developers in the city.\" \"Funny you should mention Prince, because yeah, they invest heavily here,\" Bert took the bait, \"In fact, Ronald Prince is a longtime friend of mine since high school, so he gets his money exclusively from here. You know that new office complex of his up in Glencoe? I financed that entirely, and offered the buyouts to the homeowners in the construction zone. My brother Bob had said that area was ripe for development; he helped spearhead the federal funds to complete the project, and for that I was glad to put his name on the office. And, if I could let you kids in on a secret, I'm currently working on a new project in conjunction with Prince Construction and my brother; we're going to build a brand new state of the art coal processing center and power plant, the biggest in the Midwest,\" he pulled some blueprints out of his desk and laid them on his desk, \"Right now, we're in the preliminary process of trying to obtain property rights, and...\" \"Excuse me, Mr. Tannen, there's a phone call from Washington, D.C., he says it's an important matter,\" the receptionist stuck her head in the door. \"He who?\" \"He didn't give his name, but he said he knows your brother well.\" \"OK, I'll handle it. Be right back, kids,\" the other Tannen brother bustled out of the office, closing the door behind him. Garth rushed to the glass windows alongside the door and waited until Bert and the receptionist had turned the corner before jamming his chair against the knob. \"Like I said, trust Ferris to come through,\" he repeated to Jeannie, rushing back to the desk, \"All right, we've got five minutes, let's see exactly what he's planning here for that coal plant...\" \"Looks like Prince Construction wants to level half the West Side for it,\" Jeannie frowned at the blueprints on the desk, \"If they want to build as much as they seem to here, that means at least a thousand low income residents get shoved out...\" \"And I'll bet Wilson Karkovice and his gang would make sure of it...take their picture,\" Garth gestured for her to photograph the blueprints, then turned to the computer, \"Hmm, if I only knew his passwords...\" His eyes shot to a paperweight on the desk of Zeus standing atop Mount Olympus. \"He said he always wanted to reach the top of Olympus...nah, it couldn't be that easy...\" he mused, typing OLYMPUS into the password bar. But sure enough, a new screen popped up. \"Then again, in the real world, bad guys are dumber than they're made out to be in the movies,\" he rationalized. \"Here, write down his URL,\" he shoved the notepad and pencil into Jeannie's hands, \"Then Ferris will know what to hack into later on if he needs to.\" \"So what exactly are we looking for?\" Jeannie frowned at the screen, \"Does he have anything in the Files section?\" she grabbed the mouse and hesitantly clicked on it, \"No, he wouldn't be that dumb to leave anything like that in plain sight...\" \"Wait a minute, what's that one?\" Garth pointed at a file labeled LETTER_REWRITE, \"Click on that and see what we've got.\" Jeannie did so, prompting a draft of a letter to pop up. Her eyes widened at the sight of its text. \"Dear Mr. Karkovice, I appreciate your efforts in moving the citizens out of the Glencoe area. Your actions have helped make the city of Chicago great again. Enclosed you'll find the payment specified. Sincerely, Matthew Simmons.\" she breathlessly read it out loud. \"The president!? What exactly did Ferris stumble on to here!?\" she turned to her sort-of boyfriend in shock. \"I think I know,\" Garth muttered, stunned himself, \"Since Bob Tannen and the president are both in the same party, Simmons needs to go down for Tannen to have a better shot at the nomination. If he shifts his own misdeeds onto Simmons, he'll have that chance. And Matthew Simmons' law firm has an outlet in the Chicago area; remember he dropped by there a lot when campaigning in Chicago before his election? Tannen's obviously trying to draw up phony evidence looking like the president gave the order to Wilson Karkovice to beat up Jerry's dad and probably other people in that neighborhood. Simmons and Karkovice both go down if this forgery ever goes public, thus silencing the man who carried out the attack on the property owners and clearing Tannen's path to...\" His expression grew panicked. \"Hold that thought, they're coming back. Emergency maneuvers!\" he abruptly starting kissing Jeannie hard, the momentum bringing them both down onto Bert Tannen's desk. \"Hey, what are you kids doing in there!?\" the banker shouted outside the office, pounding on the door. Without looking up, Garth placed his foot on the mouse and maneuvered it over to the Close button, hitting it to eliminate the critical window from view just as Bert finally burst through the door. \"Up from there, you two!\" he barked at them, \"This is an office, not a love nest!\" \"Oh, uh, sorry, Mr. Tannen, you took a little longer than we expected,\" Garth explained quickly, rising to his feet, \"Actually, we've, uh, got to go now, um, last bit of homework to finish, but you've been really helpful, Mr. Tannen. We'll let you know if we need anything else going forward.\" \"All right, but if you do come back, please control yourselves in a more professional manner!\" Bert admonished them. \"We will. Have a good day,\" Jeannie told him. Once she and Garth were in the elevator again, she whacked him hard on the shoulder. \"Was that really necessary!?\" she upbraided him. \"Hey, it was either that or him catching us red-handed, and after everything you said on the way up, I don't think you'd want the latter,\" Garth countered, wiping his brow, \"In the meantime, call Ferris back once we're down on the street; he's got to know everything they're cooking up here.\" \"They're WHAT!?\" a stunned Natalie listened in to Ferris's phone with the others by the lion exhibit at the zoo, \"But Dad would never have ordered anything like that!\" \"We know that, but you know how the press works; one hint of scandal is all it takes to bring anyone down,\" Jeannie snorted on the other end, \"So if Ferris can't come up with another brilliant plan to neutralize them, it'll be easy to start a frenzy that you father ordered the hit, and Bob Tannen's lackeys probably then create enough new doctored evidence to push the fake scandal further until he goes down, and Tannen gets the presidential nomination.\" \"I'll come up with something, trust me on that,\" Ferris said firmly, \"Thank you, Jeannie, this was a big help.\" \"Yeah right,\" she wasn't convinced, \"You were laughing the whole time knowing you were safe if I went down, and don't try to deny it, Ferris; you've always taken pleasure in seeing me twist in the wind.\" \"Well nothing happened, did it? I'm serious, Jeannie, I am thankful...\" \"Sure you are,\" she grumbled, \"Call if you need anything else.\" She hung up. Ferris pocketed the cell phone. \"I really am grateful for everything she's done for us, honestly,\" he told the rest of his team, \"Well, since we now have a firm link between Bert Tannen and Ronald Prince, I think it's time to speed things up given what we know and get our targets to goof up and turn on each other while revealing incriminating information. So Cameron,\" he turned to his friend, \"I think it's time for Mr. Petersen to ride again.\" \"Only it can't be Mr. Petersen, Ferris; I don't want to get Sloane's dad in any trouble,\" Cameron pointed out. \"I appreciate it, Cameron, but then come up with another name; it doesn't have to be a real person,\" Sloane pointed out. \"OK, I'll try,\" Cameron took a deep breath, \"President Simmons may be a flawed man, but he's also an innocent man in this case, and innocent men shouldn't suffer.\" \"That's the spirit, Cameron,\" Ferris commended him, \"After all, this is our country,\" he stared into the lions' cage, specifically looking at one lion standing regally on a large rock like a king, \"If we don't fight for it, who will-bet you know that was coming, right, folks?\" he turned sideways and winked. \"I'm sure they did,\" Jim approached with a large soft drink in hand. \"Have you...you're the first one who got that when I...\" Ferris was surprised for once. \"Oh, I have experience with that too, believe me. Hakuna matata, your highness,\" Jim waved to the lion on the rock. \"Anyway,\" he turned to the teens, \"I was able to get us permission to come to the fundraiser Tannen's going to be at tonight. Told them it would be educational for Ferris's class to see how government works when it's not in session. Now we just have to figure out a way to switch Tannen's regular phone with the tapped cell phone...\" \"And I've got an idea, Jim, so hold that thought. Rachel,\" Ferris noticed the president of the Shermer High Drama Club admiring the tigers a few cages down and rushed up to her, \"Just the person I wanted to see. I've got a proposition for you.\" \"Like what, Ferris?\" Rachel asked him, confused. \"I've been invited to a big congressional fundraiser tonight thanks to Natalie's generosity,\" Ferris gestured back at her, \"We figured we ought to do something to show off what we do at Shermer High, and I figured, how about we and the rest of the Drama Club give all the representatives and senators a taste of what we put on stage for Hairspray that brought us standing ovations earlier in the spring?\" \"One more performance?\" Rachel was intrigued. \"Yep, one more chance for Tracy and Linc to dance and sing up a storm,\" Ferris gestured between the two of them, \"How about it?\" \"Well, I'll ask around, but that sounds great. To perform in front of senators...maybe this'll get me a last minute theater scholarship,\" impressed, Rachel rushed off. Nodding, Ferris returned to his friends. \"Plan set,\" he told them with a firm nod, \"We have the chance now to set up a big distraction, one that might also put a bunch of other corrupt or lousy senators in their places, and in the confusion, we switch the cell phones on him. Now all we need is to sow some chaos so he'll be listening to his cronies on the phone, so, Cameron, you've got Ronald Prince's number, take it away,\" he told his best friend. \"Right, OK,\" Cameron took a deep breath and dialed the number in question. \"Hello, Ronald Prince, please,\" he said into the phone in his Mr. Petersen voice, \"Tell him this is important, and he'd better come on the line right away unless he wants to be prosecuted for...Glencoe. Hello, Ronald?\" he declared after a moment's pause, \"I'm Lieutenant George...Morris, Chicago P.D. Undercover,\" he barked, inserting his father's name for Sloane's father's, \"I haven't got all day, so I'll make this short and sweet: I know what went on in Glencoe. Yes, you heard me, Glencoe; I know you wanted everyone out of that neighborhood so you could build your company headquarters there. Oh I have my sources, Ronnie; don't think I haven't been watching all this time. I know Bob Tannen wanted that neighborhood redeveloped too...how? I'll tell you exactly how...how, Ferris!?\" he covered the phone and begged his friend in a normal voice. \"You've been talking with Bert...\" Ferris hissed at him. \"Oh, yeah. As I was saying, Ronnie,\" Cameron returned to the Mr. Petersen persona, \"Bert Tannen's been talking with me. Confidentially, yes he has; he wants out, and he fingered you as having offered him and his brother bribes to help push the people out. And I know you've been using Wilson Karkovice as your muscle too...you know exactly who; I've spoken with...\" he turned to Jerry, who mouthed, \"Simon,\" at him, \"...spoken with Simon Greenfield, who positively identified Karkovice as his attacker...I figured you'd say you didn't know him. But he said Karkovice let it drop he was getting a fortune from you for it.\" \"Great job,\" an impressed Natalie gave him a thumbs-up. Cameron managed a smile at her. \"Cork your trap and listen to me good, Ronnie!\" he barked loudly, perhaps trying to impress her further, \"I could drag you in to the chief right now for all of this, but I'm prepared to cut you a deal. Because, having seen the action going on, I want a piece of it...yes, you know how hard it is to support seven kids and ten pets on a lieutenant's salary? Never mind all that. I'll let you walk, Ronnie, if you give me Bert Tannen...since he's a bigger fish, you'll take his place, that's why. If you send me all the information to the following e-mail address, I'll grant you immunity, and we'll testify against him in court, shall we? Then we both reap the rewards. Very good. The address is on Outlook at...\" \"Are you enjoying yourself, Ferris?\" came the icily cold last voice Ferris wanted to hear at the moment right behind him. A hand roughly came down on his shoulder and spun him around. \"Hello Ferris,\" Rooney leered right in his face, \"Don't you know how wrong it is to walk out on a field trip...?\" \"OH MY GOD!\" Cameron gasped in horror, seeing the principal right in front of him. He quickly recollected himself and snapped into the phone as Mr. Petersen, \"That was nothing, that was just...my pet parrot being a blabbermouth. Uh, we'll get together for lunch next week and work out the details, bye!\" \"Very impressive, Frye,\" Rooney clapped contemptuously, \"But all for nothing. Senator Tannen will stay in office, with me as his new campaign manager, and you will join Ferris in not graduating this year. Let's go Ferris,\" he started to drag him off, \"You're hereby remanded to your motel room for the remainder of this trip, after which...\" \"Let go of him!\" Natalie stepped straight into Rooney's path, her hands furiously on her hips, \"Ferris hasn't done anything wrong-in fact, he's helped give me the best day of my life so far! As daughter of the president of the United States, I'm officially pardoning him for any crimes he may have actually committed.\" \"Oh, really?\" Rooney all but laughed, \"Well, Miss Simmons, let me tell you something I'm sure your father's heard a lot when he's been around the country: local leaders such as me don't appreciate the federal government interfering in what isn't its business!\" he shouted angrily in her face, \"And whatever I do to Ferris is no business of yours. Now get out of my way, or else!\" \"No. Americans stand against tyranny, and you're a tyrant. Now let go of him!\" Natalie tried to pull Ferris out of Rooney's grasp. Growling, Rooney abruptly shoved her hard, sending her stumbling towards the nearest bench-but immediately regretted it, as the two Secret Service agents standing guard nearby lunged at him and pinned him to the ground. \"Scatter!\" Ferris shouted to his friends, who took off like shots. He himself bent down and snatched Rooney's cell phone out of his pocket. \"Ferris you thief, give that back!\" the principal yelled murderously at him. \"Sorry Mr. Rooney, if you want it, you'll have to get it,\" Ferris took off running himself. \"Think. think...ah!\" he said, noticing the small mammal house right in front of him. \"That might do it...\" A loud roar made him look back in time to see Rooney, who was being dragged to his feet, kick the Secret Service agents in the balls, making them release him, then shoved Jim to the ground when the assistant deputy director of media relations tried to block him. \"I'LL GET YOU, FERRIS!\" he yelled, charging straight at him. Taking a deep breath, Ferris ran towards the back of the small mammal house, bashed the lock off it, and ran inside. \"Where was it...ah, here,\" he noticed the door to one of the displays, and started to thrust it open. \"Hold it right there!\" Rooney appeared in the doorway, furious, \"Give me my phone, Ferris!\" \"Just one problem with that, Mr. Rooney: how do I know you don't call Bob Tannen immediately?\" Ferris posed, holding the cell phone partially into the open door, \"If he offered you a position with his presidential team like you said, then it stands to reason he may have let you in on any dirty secrets he may have-which means you stand as much chance of going down should anything become public. So how about a deal: I leave you out of it, and you let Cameron graduate. Do whatever you want with me, but he earned that diploma.\" \"Not anymore he hasn't, and I don't deal with terrorists,\" Rooney advanced murderously towards him, \"Now I said give me that phone, Ferris...!\" \"I can't do that, Mr. Rooney. Senator Tannen's profited off the backs of innocent people, and he needs to go down. And you know that, too, don't you?\" Ferris raised an eyebrow at him, \"Do you really put your own well-being over that of poor people who stand to lose everything?\" \"Whatever gets me out of Shermer High and away from all those rotten kids you've corrupted, Ferris! You are not taking away my golden ticket out of there! Now this is your last warning: give me that phone, or you spend the rest of your life in jail for terrorist threats and extortion!\" Rooney screamed at him, thrusting his hand right in Ferris's face. \"Well, I guess that only leaves me one thing to say: if you want it, go get it,\" Ferris tossed the phone into the exhibit. Growling, Rooney held him against the wall and reached through the door. \"For that, Ferris, I'm taking you straight to the D.C. prison!\" he shouted, \"And Tannen'll know exactly what you've been planning once I...where is that damn phone...ah, here we...\" He grabbed hold of something and pulled it out the door...and once more immediately regretted it, as he'd pulled out a skunk by mistake-and it immediately sprayed right into his face. Howling, Rooney dropped it and stumbled backwards, blinded. Ferris picked the skunk up and placed it back in its enclosure, then grabbed the cell phone out. \"Catch me if you can, Mr. Rooney,\" he called to the principal, rushing back out the door. \"GET BACK HERE, FERRIS!\" wiping at his eyes, Rooney stumbled after him. Ferris ran to the next exhibit over, smashed the lock on the back, and put his hands on the doorknob. \"Whoops,\" he declared, pretending to trip and fall forward to the floor, then rolling behind the door. The still partially blinded Rooney charged for the door and leaped for the large figure sitting on the floor in front of him. \"Get up!\" he roared, grabbing the figure by the arm and hauling it up, then slapping it hard when it growled in protest, \"I'm tired of fooling around with you Ferris, and this is the last...Ferris? You didn't have a hairy arm before...\" He wiped at his eyes again, restoring his vision fully...and found himself face to face with a very angry-looking gorilla. \"Oh no...!\" he whimpered in horror, seconds before the enraged gorilla hauled him up over his head and roared angrily at the top of its lungs right in the principal's face. Screaming in terror, Rooney broke away and started running out of the enclosure, the gorilla hot on his heels, still roaring and quickly gaining ground. Ferris quickly started walking away. \"Yeah, I know, this might make me seem wrong to do this to him,\" he said over his shoulder, \"But at least he has a sporting chance as long as he can outrun it. And as you can see, even if it does catch up with him, whatever it does after that won't last too long,\" he pointed at zookeepers running after the gorilla with nets, \"I don't like Mr. Rooney, that's for sure, but I'd never want to see any actual serious harm come to the man-at least none that isn't self-inflicted. And for shoving Natalie, you can probably make the argument he at least partially deserves whatever happens here. In the meantime, might as well dispose of this so there's no way he can call Senator Tannen in the near term...and, again, as luck would have it...\" he'd reached the elephants' exhibit, and one of them was walking in a circle inside. Ferris wound up and pitched the cell phone to the ground in front of it, where the elephant quickly stepped on it, crushing it beyond repair. \"One more problem solved,\" he declared, \"Well, there's not much more for us to do here, folks, so how about we go on to the next chapter...?\"[Chapter 9] AUTHOR'S NOTE: All lyrics are trademarked by their respective copyright holders. \"I'll give you a break, Bert, because I want in on the action. Send everything you've got on Ronald Prince to my e-mail address that I just gave you, and I'll get immunity for you when Prince goes down,\" Cameron barked to Bert Tannen with his Mr. Petersen voice inside the White House's solarium, \"You and your brother get away with it, and I'll help you find someone more trustworthy to work the scheme with. I'll keep in touch. You just think this over and remember not to double cross Lieutenant Richard Vernon. Goodbye, Bert.\" He hung up. \"If Mr. Vernon ever finds out I used his name as an alias this time, Ferris...!\" he protested to his friend, who was hunched over Natalie's laptop on the floor. \"Well you couldn't use George Morris again, Cameron; he'd get suspicious when he presumably calls up Prince to yell at him for betraying him,\" Ferris pointed out, \"And since Mr. Vernon's had no contact with the school since he was fired, there's no way he'd ever find out. In the meantime, Prince took the bait; he's sending us some early Christmas presents,\" he gestured proudly at the laptop's screen. \"What do we have...bank account files,\" Cameron's eyes widened at the files popping up on the screen, \"That must be Bert Tannen's slush fund to Karkovice and the hit team.\" \"And where Prince probably deposits his bribe money for Senator Tannen to get the job done,\" Sloane mused, \"And what else...ah, a fifty thousand dollar check in Prince's name to Wilson Karkovice,\" she took in the next item popping up on the screen, \"Apparently the operation's muscle wanted a raise. Can you crack these files?\" she asked Natalie. \"Well, to be honest, Sloane, I'd prefer not to break into bank files, just in case it's a trick and it's a regular person's money,\" Natalie admitted, \"But,\" she started typing on the keys, \"I can forward all this to the FBI director with a request to look into it.\" \"But do we have anything that nails Bob Tannen himself!?\" Jerry asked impatiently from the sofa, \"I want him to go down...!\" \"Patience, buddy, patience. Nothing yet directly tying Bob to Prince, but if we just wait a little longer, we'll probably get the smoking gun,\" Ferris urged him. \"I can't wait any longer, Ferris; I've waited a year and a half wanting payback, I can't wait much longer!\" Jerry argued, rage crossing his face, \"I want to see him go down!\" \"I'm sorry, but we're not there yet, Jerry,\" Sloane stressed firmly, \"If we put out what we have now, his accomplices go down, but he probably skips by claiming he knew nothing of it. Ferris is right; you have to be patient a little longer...were you able to get President Simmons?\" she asked Jim as he came into the solarium. \"Tried, but the attendant says he's too busy in a high-level meeting with the King of Bahrain,\" Jim shook his head grimly, \"I stressed this was a matter of life or death, that the president's good name was at stake, but I was told the prez would handle it later after the meeting ended. I did leave a message asking him to call me personally; I just hope I register high enough on the prez's radar to warrant a personal call.\" \"Probably not,\" Natalie sighed grimly and buried her head on her knees, \"I've said it before, and I'll say it again: I wished he'd never decided to leave the governorship!\" \"I know, and I'm sorry,\" Cameron dared to put an arm around her, \"It hurts when it seems your father doesn't care. I know exactly what you're feeling.\" \"Thanks, Cameron, I appreciate it,\" she gave him a warm smile. \"Say, while we still have some time before we go to the fundraiser,\" she rose up and took his hand, \"Come with me, I want to share something with you.\" \"What? What is...what's this for?\" Cameron frowned at the helmet, harness, and gloves she pressed into his hands at the doorway. Natalie slid the solarium's door open and beckoned him around the promenade. Grinning, Ferris waved for Sloane to follow. \"Zip lining!?\" Cameron exclaimed worriedly outside, and indeed, Ferris, upon stepping onto the promenade, only then noticed the thick wire running from the top of the White House to a copse of trees across the North Lawn. \"This is the one thing I always liked stepping away from my computer to do,\" Natalie had now donned a helmet and gloves of her own and was checking the hooks and straps on her own harness, \"So I made sure the staff here built me a line and aerial climbing area after we moved in. This is how I got out the other night, in fact; I zipped over here, then moved from tree to tree until I was near the fence, then dropped down and ran to the car I'd parked outside.\" \"I see, uh, well, Natalie, I'm not good with thrill rides, I should say...\" \"Well if you don't try it, there's no way you'll ever overcome those fears. Come on, just do what I do,\" Natalie hooked onto the line and cast off, sailing down the line with a loud shout of delight and disappearing into the trees. \"OK, now it's your turn,\" she called back. With a deep nervous gulp, Cameron hooked onto the line, casting a pleading glance at Ferris and Sloane to bail him out. Both, however gave him a thumbs-up. Slamming his eyes shut, Cameron pushed off and slid at a snail's speed down the wire. Nonetheless, he made it safely to the other side. \"See, Cam,\" nothing to worry about,\" Ferris called over encouragingly. \"Should we follow them on it?\" Sloane looked around for any other harnesses on the promenade. \"Nah, let the two of them have their moment together. We can try it out later. We can go listen in on them, though,\" Ferris glanced around the White House grounds. In the sparkling light of the setting sun, the other Shermer High seniors were everywhere on the grounds, diving into the swimming pool, playing on the tennis courts, nailing golf balls on the putting green, and otherwise enjoying themselves. And Ferris couldn't help feeling a distinct sense of pride to have been able to open such a door to his classmates. With a nod, both he and Sloane turned and bustled back inside the mansion. Five minutes later, they were walking across the lawn towards the tree Natalie and Cameron had disappeared into. \"...all my life, I've been so scared of everything,\" Cameron was admitting above them, \"Looking back now, I can't help thinking, what the hell was wrong with me? I feel like...like I wasted so much wanting to be sick all the time. When Ferris took me on that day off a few months ago, he made me see the world so much differently. I feel terrible we're going to have to split up now; I can see he's the best friend I could have asked for. He gave me the strength to stand up for myself in regards to that blasted Ferrari, made me see how much I've got to look forward to if I just tried to live.\" \"And I'm glad to have helped, buddy,\" Ferris whispered, beaming with pride. He and Sloane came to a stop under the tree and stared up at the other two teens' legs dangling down from the branch above. \"Before that trip, there's no way I'd have been up here in the world,\" Cameron continued, \"No way I'd've dared to try that zip line. But you were right, it wasn't bad at all. And it's not scary up here at all.\" \"I think you're a very brave man, Cameron Frye,\" Natalie told him warmly, \"And I know how you feel with that too; looking back, I can't help thinking I spent all those years trying to be a computer ace, staying in my room all the time and not going out. It wasn't until Dad was elected president that I realized what I was missing, and now I feel like a prisoner who won't be able to enjoy anything until I'm a grown woman. That's why I felt I needed that night on the town; unfortunately, as you saw, I messed it up big time.\" She sighed softly. \"I just want to go back to the way it used to be,\" she lamented, \"But they say you can't go back, you can only go forward. Only I don't know the way forward.\" \"Again, I don't either,\" Cameron muttered, \"I guess something will come up. I hope I end up liking it.\" It was his turn to sigh. There was silence on the branch before Natalie spoke up again. \"Please tell me what you're thinking, Cameron?\" she asked him. \"What am I thinking? I'm thinking of how I'm sitting here in the middle of the White House grounds with a girl I'll confess I've thought was the loveliest I'd ever seen the first time I saw her on TV, and wondering when I'm going to wake up back home in Shermer in a museum of a house playing second fiddle to a car again. Because this just can't be real,\" Cameron admitted. \"Why do you think you're not good enough for me, Cameron?\" \"Just to cite the obvious one, you're you, and I'm me, a hopeless coward who lets everything get to him and doesn't know what his future is. You deserve somebody a lot better than me,\" Cameron lamented. \"I know it might seem like that to you. But Cameron, you're the most genuine person my age I've known in Washington since we moved here,\" Natalie assured him, leaning towards him in the twilight above Ferris and turning Cameron's face towards herself, \"Everyone here puffs themselves up and pretends to be someone they're not; you're a real person, and I like that.\" \"Well, Natalie, I'm not the person you want me to be; I can never be that person...\" \"I think it's more you're not the person YOU think you should be. But Cameron, I like you just the way you are. And there's the matter you did save my life.\" \"Ferris and Sloane saved you too...\" \"But you got me out of the river. How can I not be eternally grateful for that? Look at me, Cameron; don't you want me?\" \"Want you? More than anything in the world, Natalie...but I'm still below you...\" A brief kiss permeated the night air, bringing a smile to Ferris's face. \"However, I can be goaded to aim higher in my dreams,\" Cameron said, his voice stunned. \"I'd hope you would. No matter what happens from here on, Cameron, I'll always remember you,\" Natalie told him affectionately. Next to Ferris, Sloane sniffed happily. \"It's so great he finally got his moment,\" she confessed to her boyfriend. \"Yeah, he earned it,\" Ferris agreed, \"Of course, I lucked out and found the girl I want to marry a long time ago,\" he pulled Sloane into a kiss himself, \"And rest assured I'll never let her go.\" \"I love it when you talk that way,\" she teased him warmly, \"Should we climb up a tree and get intimate like them?\" \"Show time, you love birds,\" Jim had arrived on the scene behind them, \"It's about a fifteen minute drive to the hotel they're having the fundraiser in, so we'd better get going now if we want to get there when Tannen does.\" \"You've got the hacked phone?\" Ferris asked him. Jim pulled one out. \"OK, keep it in a safe place. Go tell everyone I told you was in Drama Club, and everyone else among the seniors who volunteered to come along that we're heading out.\" \"Will do,\" Jim bustled off. \"Were you two down here the whole time?\" Cameron protested as he and Natalie climbed down to the ground. \"Oh, long enough to see two special people starting to feel something for each other,\" Ferris told him with a grin, making Cameron blush in embarrassment, \"OK, now, we've got to make things wild enough once the music starts to leave Tannen disoriented,\" he pulled everyone close, \"Since Jerry should have the honor of making the switch, we'll give him the hacked phone and try and maneuver Tannen towards him in the confusion. But we've got to be careful to make sure they don't come face to face; since Jerry's confronted him before, Tannen will know something's up if he sees him again...\" \"Are we planning some extracurricular activities, Ferris?\" came a firm and unexpected voice from the fence to his left. Ferris froze up, stunned. \"Mr. Jacobson,\" he turned quickly to see the teacher leaning against the fence with a frown, \"I, uh, it's not what it sounds like...how'd you...?\" \"Simplest way of all: called Corey and asked where he was. And he mentioned you'd set it up. You've really got a nice game running here, don't you Ferris? Faking a burst appendix, and then getting Mr. Steinberg to put himself to sleep with one of his too-long lectures so the class could break the schedule of this trip,\" Mr. Jacobson said, his frown deepening, \"I actually figured it out reasonably quick, Ferris; it was much too obvious to connect the dots from Senator Tannen's speech back at school to us coming here and you breaking away from the trip all the time. Not all of us teachers are as dim as you think. And let me guess that you weren't really sick on those other days you missed school this semester too, am I right?\" \"I, um, uh...\" Ferris stammered, going white. \"What you seem to be planning against Senator Tannen's almost certainly illegal,\" the teacher told him sternly, \"There's really no reason I shouldn't call Mr. Rooney or any of the other teachers right now and turn you and everyone else here in,\" he gestured at an equally white Sloane and Cameron. \"But...but if you figured it out earlier, you had ample opportunity to tell Mr. Rooney all week and didn't,\" Ferris realized, regaining some of his composure, \"Why not?\" \"It's the strangest thing; I've always been a stickler for protocol as a teacher, but...I can remember back when I was seventeen. I had straight As and was on the dean's list, but I was starting to feel cramped and suffocated by school,\" Mr. Jacobson reminisced, leaning against the fence, \"I realized I needed a day off. So I took five in a row off; I called all my best friends, and we took a secret road trip up to Wisconsin, telling our families we were sleeping over each other's houses. Somehow, we managed to get away with it, and we all had the best week we could have imagined...I really needed that week. I guess everyone needs a day or two off when they're younger once in a while. Sometimes I wish I could still do the same today,\" he sighed wistfully. \"So you understand, then? Stopping and looking around at life once in a while makes us all wiser and better?\" Ferris asked him, a smile starting to return to his lips. \"I may be a teacher, the establishment figure, but truthfully, I was you once, Ferris,\" a smile crossed Mr. Jacobson's lips as well, \"And to be honest, I've always had a feeling something was off with Senator Tannen. So here's the deal: don't get anyone killed, and I never saw you here. Deal?\" \"Deal,\" Ferris reached through the bars and shook his hand, \"You know, I always thought you were the best teacher Shermer High ever had, Mr. Jacobson...\" \"I can tell when people flatter me, Ferris. But I still appreciate it,\" the teacher smiled again, \"Before you head out, tell the Secret Service men at the front gate who I am; I want to come share the experience here with Corey as his father.\" \"Consider it done, Mr. Jacobson. And thanks again.\" \"Good evening, Mr. Bueller. Your mission, whether you choose to accept it or not, is to plant this decoy cell phone on Senator Tannen and wait for him to use it, then save anything incriminating he says and call the FBI. As usual, should any members of your Bueller Associated team be killed or captured, the Secretary will disavow any knowledge of your actions. This tape will self-destruct in five seconds,\" Ferris rambled out loud, watching the front of the hotel the fundraiser would be in from inside the presidential limousine. \"You can count on me, Chief, I'm always on duty,\" Jim chimed in from the limo's front seat in a spot-on Inspector Gadget impression, then made the sound of a simulated explosion. \"Very good, nice and inconspicuous,\" Cameron muttered from the back seat. \"Hold the phone, all of you, here he comes...with his secretary,\" Natalie frowned out the window at Tannen approaching the hotel with a very lovely woman in his arms, \"I didn't know she could afford that luxurious a gown...oh dear Lord,\" she groaned in disgust as Tannen kissed his secretary passionately on the lips, \"Really, Tannen, that on top of everything else...!?\" \"That dirty coward!\" Sloane was indignant herself, \"His wife's seven months pregnant with their third child! No wonder she was living back in Chicago; he wanted the family far away while he cheated on her!\" \"Well, that's another ace we can play if nothing else,\" Ferris whispered to her, gesturing her to film Tannen's adulterous kiss on her cell phone, but the couple had broken it off before she could start taping and was entering the building together, \"He certainly can't run for president with a major adultery scandal hanging around his neck. OK, you all know what to do?\" \"Yep,\" everyone nodded in unison. \"Jim, phone,\" Ferris asked the assistant deputy director of media relations, who handed it to him. \"All yours, Jerry,\" he handed it to his friend, \"But like I said, be careful how you make the switch; Tannen'll know something's up if he sees you face to face. And please don't let your emotions get the better of you; this situation calls for logic, not emotion.\" \"Can't promise anything, Mr. Spock,\" Jerry said softly, pocketing the camera, \"All right, let's do this.\" \"Much as we all wanted to hope for the best, ladies and gentlemen, a little over halfway through the Matthew Simmons administration, it's clear things aren't working,\" Tannen announced to his fellow congresspersons and the wealthy donors inside the hotel ballroom, \"Tomorrow I'll be making my official announcement, but I want you all to know now that I wish to seek our nation's highest office. I think all my years as chairman of numerous Senate committees has given me more than enough experience for the job, and if elected, I can bring this country to a period of greatness both economically and socially that it's never reached before. Now I know many of you supported Matthew Simmons during his run the last election cycle. Look at the poll numbers; a generic challenger from the other party beats him in every reputable poll. I can almost certainly do better than that. Besides, I've heard certain rumors that a storm's going to break concerning secret and illegal actions Simmons might have committed...\" \"This weatherman says that storm's chances aren't a hundred percent,\" Ferris mumbled from behind the door to the ballroom, \"Everyone ready?\" he asked the members of the Drama Club, who nodded, eager to give one last performance. He sided up to Cameron, \"Your job's to get Tannen over to Jerry, but be as natural as you can, and don't let Tannen see him if you can,\" he whispered in his best friend's ear. \"Why are we even risking having Jerry do it at all?\" Cameron had to know. \"I know it's a risk, but he deserves the honor,\" Ferris turned to Jerry, listening in nearby, and flashed him a thumbs-up. \"Just do your part well, and I think we'll be OK. Nervous?\" he asked Cameron. \"Of course...but also glad. I thought about joining Hairspray, but decided I'd lose my nerve up on stage and embarrass myself. I've regretted it since then,\" Cameron admitted glumly, \"Sitting there in the audience, watching you and everyone else dance and sing your way into the audience's hearts, it made me feel insignificant. I wanted another chance, and now it looks like I'm going to get it.\" \"Good for you, Cameron; you're finally learning to take chances and live,\" Ferris told him with a smile, patting him on the back. He turned at the sound of applause inside the ballroom. \"Looks like this is it.\" \"There's a thousand and one ways this could go wrong, Ferris...\" Cameron offered one final warning. Ferris paid no heed, listening to the party chairman announcing, \"And now, ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to introduce a special guest who has brought along a special group of young people who wish to share their special talents with us. Give a big hand to the girl America's come to love, Natalie Simmons.\" A warmer applause greeted Natalie as she walked into the ballroom, unable to suppress glares at all the legislators and donors who seemed quite eager to dump her father for Tannen, at least to the senator's face. \"Honored senators, as Mr. Brickford just noted, it is my distinct honor to introduce a group of kids on a trip to the capital who have prepared this sampling from their Drama Club production from this past year. Sit back and enjoy the sights and sounds of the pride of Chicagoland, the Shermer High Drama Club, to present the following selection from Hairspray.\" \"Here we go...\" Ferris mumbled under his breath. Much as he hated to admit it, Cameron had a point that there were a number of ways his plan could go wrong. Nonetheless, he put on a smile as the music kicked in from the hired band and Rachel strutted into the center of the ballroom and belted out the beginning of the signature song: \"You can't stop an avalanche as it races down the hill. You can try to stop the seasons, girl, but you know you never will. And you can try to stop my dancing feet, but I just cannot sit still...\" \"Five...four...three...two...one...Linc's on!\" Ferris slid dramatically across the floor, reaching Rachel's side right as she finished the first verse. \"Ever since this whole world began, a woman found that if she shook it, she could shake up a man...\" he started belting out in perfect synchronization with her, also matching her move for move across the floor, just as he had during the actual play a few months ago, \"...and so I'm going to shake and shimmy it the best that I can today, because you can't stop the motion of the ocean or the sun in the sky, you can wonder if you want to, but I never ask why, and if you try and hold me down I'm gonna spit in your eye and say: you can't stop the beat!\" Continuing his dancing moves the drama instructor had taught the Drama Club over the winter while the next verse kicked in, he glanced around the ballroom for Tannen's location. The senator was on the dais, on the third seat to the right of the speaker's podium, only half-heartedly watching the performance on the floor, now joined by other Drama Club members-including Sloane, filling in for a junior not making the senior trip. \"Wait till the floor's flooded with people before having them attempt the switch...\" he reminded himself mentally, knowing confusion was his best bet to effectively switch the cell phones. As the refrain returned, he backflipped dramatically onto one of the tables, hefted Rachel up with him, and spun her over his head, to applause from the wealthy businessmen sitting below him. Hitting the finishing move for this particular refrain, he leaned backwards with Rachel in his arms, glanced to the door, and pointed at Tannen's location for Cameron, who nodded and swaggered into the ballroom. \"You can't stop my happiness, because I like the way I am,\" he sang with complete conviction, his words seeming to Ferris like a long-overdue declaration of more independence for his friend, \"And you just can't stop my knife and fork when I see a Christmas ham. So if you don't like the way, I look, well I just don't give a damn...!\" In a flash, he jumped onto the dais and hauled Tannen up from his seat. \"Hey, what the hell...!?\" Tannen protested, to no avail, as Cameron started spinning him in a circle rapidly. \"Because the world keeps spinning round and round, and my heart's keeping time to the speed of sound...\" he continued the song, pushing the dazed Tannen towards Natalie, who joined him on the dais and spun Tannen herself, \"I was lost till I heard the drums, then I found my way...!\" \"Everybody, you know the lyrics, join in!\" Ferris shouted out loud, waving the legislators and donors onto the floor. A few rose and joined in the dancing, while others remained reluctantly sitting until pulled to their feet by the rest of the Drama Club members. In moments, the floor was crowded with dancers. Ferris squinted to look for Jerry and saw him by the end of the dais. He waved at Cameron and pointed towards Jerry. Cameron looked, nodded, and started dancing Tannen towards the other boy, who had the hacked cell phone in hand, ready to make the switch. Just as Tannen was in range, however, the senator pulled himself out of Cameron's grasp and started stomping off, out of reach of Jerry's attempt to grab the phone. \"No, no...!\" Ferris grimaced, watching a disgusted Tannen pushing through the crowd, waving for his secretary and lover in the back row of seats to follow. \"Jim!\" he leaped up and waved to the assistant deputy director for media relations outside the door, \"He's leaving; bring him back in!\" Jim glanced towards Tannen, who was just about out the door, then grabbed him in a flash and danced him back into the ballroom. \"Hey, take your hands off me!\" the senator protested. \"You can't stop today as it comes speeding down the track,\" Jim broke into the last regular verse of the song himself, trying to get Tannen close to Jerry, \"Yesterday is history, and it's never coming back. For tomorrow is a brand new day, and it don't know white from black...!\" \"I said let go of me!\" Tannen jerked hard to the right, again going out of Jerry's range before he could grab for his pocket. Jim quickly picked the senator up and started pressing him over his head. \"Come on, now!\" he mumbled to Jerry out of the corner of his mouth, dipping Tannen low enough for him to reach. Jerry quickly reached into Tannen's pocket and pulled out the regular cell phone...but unluckily, a man dancing nearby bumped into him before he could substitute the fake one, sending it flying out of his grasp and skidding across the floor. And worse, Tannen had noticed the phone's removal. \"Hey! He took my phone!\" he screamed, pointing accusingly in Jerry's direction. Jim hastily dumped Tannen off to some wildly dancing donors, who carried him across the floor. \"Ferris, it's over there; get it, quick!\" he shouted over the din of the song, pointing at it. Still belting out the lyrics and trying to look natural, Ferris danced across the floor, trying to get to the phone, but each time he got close, someone kicked it out of his reach. He did a spectacular Baryshnikov move through the air and grabbed hold of the phone briefly, but was then bumped himself, sending the phone flying through the air, where it bounced off the hands of the dancers on the floor, many now eagerly getting into the song despite their exalted positions. \"This is straining this story's credibility to have it do this...!\" he complained out loud, trying to push through the throngs of people to get close to it. \"Hey Ferris, this is great!\" Rachel eagerly bent down into his face, \"They love us! Maybe I'll get that boosted scholarship after all!\" \"Hope so. Big finish: You can't stop the motion of the ocean or the rain from above; they can try to stop the paradise we're dreaming of, but they cannot stop the rhythm of two hearts in love to stay...\" Ferris frantically sang out the final lines of the last refrain and spun Rachel off to another dancer, then turned back towards the phone's last location-just in time to see an elderly man dancing by the open window knock it right out with a wave of his hands. \"Oh no...!\" Ferris groaned, cartwheeling to the window in rhythm with the closing crescendo and glancing outside just in time to see the hacked phone get crushed by a garbage truck passing underneath. Ferris slumped down on the windowsill and slapped his hands over his face. \"Tell me that did not just happen...!\" came Cameron's horrified voice over his shoulder. \"Hate to say it, Cam, but you were right; it went wrong,\" Ferris admitted glumly. \"Now what!? Tannen's bound to know something's up now, Ferris...!\" \"That's him, grab him!\" came Tannen's shout over the loud applause from the guests in the ballroom. His heart in his throat, Ferris slowly turned to see a pair of security guards grabbing Jerry, trying to run out the door with Tannen's regular phone. \"He tried to steal my phone!\" the senator shouted accusingly, \"Take him downtown and book him!\" \"You ruined my family's life, Tannen; they've got to know it too!\" Jerry shouted at him, \"Don't nominate this man for president; he has ties to corrupt businessmen and thugs!\" he shouted at everyone else in the ballroom, \"He stood outside my dad's store and all but preached for it to come down...!\" \"No, no, don't blow the cover here...!\" Ferris whimpered silently, but Jerry continued shouting, \"He's a demon, don't listen to word he says!\" \"Sorry about this, folks; I've never seen this young man before in my life, and I don't have a clue what he's talking about,\" Tannen lied to the onlookers. \"Take him down to the precinct; I'm pressing full charges on him for theft and attempted slander,\" he demanded to the guards, who nodded and started dragging Jerry out. \"Let go of me; he's lying!\" Jerry continued shouting, \"You're all making a big mistake...!\" The guards hauled him out the door and out of sight, silencing his shouts. \"Ferris, now what do we do!?\" horrified herself, Sloane joined him by the window. \"I wish, I knew, Sloane, I wish I knew,\" Ferris shook his head. For once, he was at a total loss for ideas. \"Too late anyway; he knows now,\" Cameron groaned, pointing at Tannen, who was staring in shock at his cell phone. \"Sixteen calls? What the hell's this all about!?\" the senator clearly mouthed, then stormed out of the ballroom to make some calls of his own. Ferris lowered his head grimly. The plan had come apart faster than he'd even anticipated it possibly could have, and he didn't know how they could move forward and salvage victory...[Chapter 10] \"Evening, Ed,\" Grace knocked on the ajar door of Rooney's motel room, \"Hope you're feeling better.\" A loud, furious growl was Rooney's response from inside. \"I bought you some donuts,\" Grace pushed the door open, \"I know that after being beaten to a pulp by that gorilla, you might not be hungry, but I thought that...Ed?\" her brow furled with concern. Rooney was sitting with his back to her on the bed, downing a bottle of beer in one shot. Moreover, Grace could see numerous additional bottles littering the floor. \"Ed, I didn't know you were a drinker...\" she said softly, aghast. \"Wouldn't you be too if Ferris Bueller did to you what he's done to me!? Get out,\" Rooney snarled, not turning towards her. \"OK, I understand, Ed. I'll just leave the donuts right here on the table,\" Grace laid the box there, \"When you're hungry for them...\" \"I DON'T WANT YOUR DONUTS, YOU STUPID DEAF MORON!\" Rooney bellowed, jumping to his feet to face her. His tie was uncharacteristically undone, his shirt partially unbuttoned, and his eyes bloodshot, \"I don't want anything from you, or anyone else connected with Shermer High!\" he shouted angrily, \"Because you've been working hand in hand with Ferris to humiliate me all this time, haven't you!? Just admit it, you have!\" \"I can tell this isn't a good time, Ed. Maybe in the morning, after you've slept it off...\" Grace reached for the donuts. In a flash, Rooney grabbed them himself and hurled the box into the wall. \"I said I don't want anything from you, you idiotic little harpy!\" he screamed hatefully at her, \"For the record, I could never stand you! You're a stupid, brainless excuse of a woman, and you held me back! You and Ferris and everyone in that damn school conspired to ruin my life!\" \"Ed, please, you're starting to scare me...!\" Grace begged him, looking unnerved. \"Good! That means you'll take me seriously!\" Rooney snapped, grabbing another bottle of liquor from the bed and downing it in a single gulp, \"So run off to Ferris, and tell him this is it! I can take having my car towed, I can take being kicked repeatedly in the face, I can even take falling off the top of this motel into a dumpster, but setting me up to be assaulted by a gorilla was the absolute last straw! Only one of us is going back to Chicago, and you better believe it's going to be me! So go on, you filthy saboteur, go tell Ferris this is the beginning of the end! And then don't ever show your face in my office again!\" \"Ed, please, after all we've been through together...!\" Grace looked crushed. \"GET OUT!\" Rooney screamed, grabbing the nearest lamp and hurling it at her. With a scream, Grace turned and ran out of the room. Rooney slammed the door shut behind her and locked it. \"Yeah, Ferris, this is the end,\" he snarled, looking through his shirt at the medical tape on his chest thanks to the gorilla, \"You've just dug your grave as far as Edward R. Rooney is concerned. Now, you're going to wish you were never born when I get through with you...!\" He dug out his cell phone and started dialing, then growled after he got the wrong number at first and re-dialed it correctly. \"Hello!?\" came Bob Tannen's nervous voice on the other end of the phone. \"Bob, it's Ed Rooney, we need to talk,\" the principal told him gruffly. \"Now's not a good time, Ed; all hell's broken lose here!\" the senator lamented fearfully, \"My brother and Ron Prince called me in a rage; the cops got them to try and finger each other over some stuff going on in Chicago. Lord knows what they sent out...!\" \"You idiot, you've been tricked by Ferris Bueller!\" Rooney bellowed at him, \"He's trying to bring you down over what that damn kid's said!\" \"Well Ed, confidentially, all of it's true,\" Tannen admitted, \"I'm going to try and cover up the loose ends as best I can; I called Will Karkovice myself on a public phone and asked him...\" \"Would you just shut up and listen to me!?\" Rooney shouted, downing another bottle of beer. He smashed it in disgust against the wall before continuing, \"You won't go down, Bob, if you just listen to every word I say here. I want that job as your chief of staff, and I know how to make sure this whole possible scandal disappears by the time you step before the podium tomorrow afternoon. Now listen very closely, here's the plan...\" \"This is definitely a new low,\" Cameron lamented glumly, slouched halfway over a couch in the White House's West Sitting Hall. \"A whole week's work, right out the window just like that, literally,\" Sloane agreed, slumped in a chair, \"Jerry's family's sunk if he's locked up for a long time; I don't think they can support themselves otherwise. Anything at all, Ferris!?\" she begged her boyfriend, slumped in a chair himself. \"Wish I could, Sloane, but this time, I don't know what we can do,\" Ferris sighed, deflated, \"I don't see how we can get anything on Tannen now that he's aware there's a problem. And now Jerry's...\" He put his hands over his face. \"I know sometimes I stretch the truth, sometimes I trick people outright, and yeah, a lot of times I've taken at least some pleasure in it, but I never want to see any innocent people hurt in any way,\" he mumbled, \"No matter how I twist it, I was the one who wanted Jerry to have the honor of grabbing the phone off Tannen, so the fact he's in jail is my fault to some degree. And I feel terrible because of it,\" he slowly rose to his feet and trudged towards the couch. \"I'd take the fall for him if I could, just like I was ready to take the blame for your dad's Ferrari,\" he told Cameron, \"And seeing how he took it, I've spent the last few months wishing I'd talked you out of talking me out of it...\" \"No, I did what I had to do. It's Dad's fault he took it wrong,\" Cameron declared, shifting upright, \"And I don't want to hear Ferris Bueller saying there's no hope going forward. Because I'm not giving up.\" \"You're not?\" Ferris frowned. \"No. The old Cameron Frye may have been a quitter, but this one isn't,\" Cameron rose forcefully to his feet with a determined look, \"We've gone this far, we might as well finish what we started. Otherwise Tannen'll keep hurting people. Including of course Natalie's dad with his fake corruption claims, and I'm not going to sit around and let him hurt the Simmons family like that,\" he turned towards the president's daughter in the chair against the far wall, \"I promise that. So come up with something, Ferris, because we're going to keep at this.\" \"That's the spirit, Cameron,\" Ferris broke into a smile, \"That's how I've wanted you to see things all these years. I'm proud of you, I really am,\" he shook his friend's hand, \"As I guess Natalie is too?\" he turned to her. \"I couldn't be more prouder of Cameron than I am right now,\" smiling herself, Natalie hugged him, \"I appreciate that you're willing to defend me like that, Cameron.\" \"Well, you're more than worth it, Natalie,\" Cameron returned the smile, \"Besides, all the people in that ballroom hurt you cheering your dad's fall. If Tannen wins, they'll get away with that, and that can't be allowed.\" \"You're right. I was so steamed at those hypocrites; when Dad was running, they cheered him on like he was an Olympic champion, and now that he's run into a rough stretch, they want to dump him in a heartbeat for the next popular guy up,\" Natalie growled in disgust, \"I have problems with Dad, but he's still my father, and, well, part of me does still care for him even if he forgets me sometimes, and I hate to see him treated like that.\" \"Yeah, we've got to stop this, and we will. Like Cameron says, it's always darkest right before the dawn-which, of course, is easy to say at three in the morning,\" Ferris remarked, gesturing at the clock on the nearest table, \"OK, if nothing else, we have to spring Jerry out of prison; I owe him that much at least. Then we've got to find a way to go around Tannen to...\" \"Pardon me, Miss Natalie, a phone call for you,\" one of the butlers stuck his head around the corner with a cell phone in hand. \"For me? At three in the morning?\" Natalie frowned at the clock, then shrugged and picked took the phone from the butler. \"Hello?\" she inquired. Her expression grew concerned. \"Who is this? Guys...!\" she waved the Shermer High students close to her. \"OK, I'm putting you on speaker here with a couple people who might be interested; tell them who you are,\" she declared, hitting the speaker button. \"As I said, my name's Kathleen Hale, and I'm Bob Tannen's secretary,\" came the nervous woman's voice on the other end of the line, \"Since you were at the fundraiser when everything happened, I figured you'd be someone I can talk to, Miss Simmons. I...I'd like to set up a meeting to reveal everything I know about the crimes Bob's committed.\" \"Oh really?\" Natalie's face lit up, as did everyone else's, \"Is this honest, no tricks...?\" \"No tricks, I swear. I've grown increasingly disgusted by Bob over the last few months, seeing him reap an under the table fortune from criminal acts back in Chicago,\" Hale confessed, \"Watching that boy get wrongfully arrested tonight was the last straw; I feel I have to do something. But I can't go to the police or FBI; Bob's been looking over my shoulder for months, making it clear he doesn't trust me. So I reasoned someone like you who'd have Secret Service protection could safely get what I have to say to the proper people.\" \"OK, OK, we're open to discussion,\" Natalie nodded softly, \"Where and when would you like to meet?\" \"Bob and I have been spending nights at a cabin he rents in the woods near Rockville for the last few months. He asked me to stay there anyway while he goes to make his presidential announcement with his family tomorrow. That's another reason I'm disgusted enough to do this: he claims he can't stand his wife, but shoves me away to be at her side when it can advance his career, even after he claimed I was the most important thing in his life...!\" Hale growled bitterly, \"But anyway, he'll be gone from there at ten; come by about ten thirty, and I can probably provide you with hard documents and voicemails that can bring him down.\" \"OK, I think we can manage ten thirty,\" Natalie turned to the others, who nodded, \"And you'd be ready to testify to everything in court?\" \"Yes. I've felt horrible that I've been enabling Bob in his adultery; this is my redemption,\" Hale said firmly. \"All right. As long as everything seems to check out, we'll see you tomorrow morning. Can we contact you some way beforehand in case...?\" \"Better not to call me; Bob'll get suspicious if...I've got to go, I think he's waking up for a midnight snack...!\" Hale hissed, at which point the line disconnected. \"We're back in business!\" Sloane declared happily with a loud shriek of delight. \"I don't know, guys; this has the makings of a possible trap,\" Cameron was concerned. \"I know, Cameron, but we'll just take extra Secret Service people with us to counterbalance anything in case this is a trap. In the meantime, like Sloane said, our hope's restored, WOOOOO!\" Ferris yelped, spinning in a circle. \"Hey, what's going on out here!?\" a bleary-eyed Corey Jacobson stuck his head out of the nearest bedroom. \"Oh, just some good news, Corey. Hey, listen,\" Ferris approached him, \"We'll be heading out in a little while; we've got some things to take care of. While we're gone, Senator Tannen's going to be setting up for a big press conference outside tomorrow at noon. If we're not back by the time he starts, you and the rest of the senior class try to stall him until we get there; it's vitally important to the nation that he not be allowed to finish his speech.\" \"Ferris, what's going on here!?\" Corey frowned sleepily at him. \"You'll find out soon enough, Corey; right now it's need to know, and only we need to know everything. Have a good night's sleep,\" Ferris bade him a good night. Corey shook his head softly and disappeared back into his room. \"Come on, let's wake Jim up,\" Ferris waved the others down the hall, \"He can probably come in handy to spring Jerry out of jail. Then we'll see if we've in fact hit the jackpot with Ms. Hale. Either way, it's smoother sailing from here.\" \"Again, thanks for calling, Grace,\" Mr. Jacobson told her grimly, helping her out of the cab they'd taken back to the motel, \"I was afraid something like this might happen.\" \"It's just not like Ed, to be drunk and angry like this,\" Grace lamented sadly, \"All these years, I thought he really cared for me...\" \"I'm sorry you had to be put through that, Grace. But there's better men out there than Ed, I can promise you that. Sir,\" Mr. Jacobson hailed down the motel's manager, who was in fact working on the lock to Rooney's room, \"I need to talk to you about...\" \"Your boss, right?\" the manager looked up at him with a disgusted look, \"I got three noise complaints about him throwing things around in here over the last half hour, and when I came out to confront him on it, he stole my car and drove off,\" he gestured with contempt to an empty parking space in front of his office across the complex. \"Did he strike you or harm you in any way before he stole it?\" Mr. Jacobson inquired with a deep frown. \"No, he wasn't in the room then. He must have been hiding around back, waiting for me to leave the office so he could grab my car keys off the hooks. And what the hell did he do to the lock here!?\" the manager jiggled the knob hard, to no effect, \"This is definitely coming out of his pocket...!\" \"Wait, is that blood!?\" aghast, Grace pointed at the shattered room window, which was indeed dripping with red liquid. \"Yeah, I see it,\" the manager nodded, \"The idiot must have cut himself climbing through it after he wrecked the lock. Plus, I think he broke into the maintenance shed before that and stole some paint too,\" he gestured at the small building behind the motel, the door of which had been torn off its hinges, and out of which overturned and leaking paint cans had spilled, \"If I'd known that..here we go,\" he declared as the doorknob finally turned, \"This is the last time I take in...sweet mother of God...!\" He stared numbly around what was left of Rooney's room, which the principal had completely trashed. The beds and tables were overturned, the TV had been smashed, wallpaper had been ripped off the walls, and the sink was overflowing in the bathroom. But most ominously, a single phrase had been painted over all the walls in red paint: FERRIS MUST DIE. \"What's that supposed to mean!? the manager asked out loud with a frown. \"Oh my God...!\" horror swept Mr. Jacobson's face, \"He's finally lost it...call the police immediately!\" he ordered the manager, \"Tell them to put out a red alert APB for him at once! Grace, call Ed's cell phone, try and talk any sense you can into him before he actually kills Ferris or anyone else!\" \"I don't know if he'll listen to me anymore, Tom...\" Grace shook her head. \"Just do it! This is a life or death situation now, and we've got to stop him before he goes completely over the edge!\" Mr. Jacobson shouted at her. He ran out of the room and dialed his own cell phone frantically. \"Corey, this is Dad; are you still at the White House right now!?\" he asked his son breathlessly. \"Good. Listen, stay there until I tell you otherwise, and tell all the Secret Service men you see not to let Mr. Rooney onto the property if he shows up...he's gone insane, he wants to kill Ferris Bueller! Is Ferris there now...well where did he go!? Oh God...tell the Secret Service to send out an APB for them immediately, they're in grave danger...!\"[Chapter 11] \"So I know, this is a fully legal writ you've got?\" Ferris asked Jim, bustling behind him towards the front door of the main Washington D.C. police station, \"Considering I feel partly responsible for this happening to Jerry, I want to be completely on the level this time, other than our disguises, of course...\" \"Fully legal, Ferris; I got it right from the deputy attorney general,\" Jim assured him, \"And even if they ask some questions on that, I was able to scrape together enough of the bail money from the rest of Mr. Simmons's legal team,\" he held up a check and adjusted the fake beard he'd put on. \"You know, Ferris, it's been a thrill to work with you these last couple of days,\" he admitted to the boy, \"I just wasn't having any fun with my job until you and your friends showed up. Working with you and them, I feel I have some meaning in my life again. It's going to be sad, I'll admit, when you all have to go back to Chicago...\" \"I can give you my personal number the next time you're back in the greater Chicago area,\" Ferris told him, adjusting the tie on his suit, \"If you ever need another day off, I'm up for it. Same with Natalie if she's ever in town.\" \"I'm sure she will. I can tell she and Cameron hit it off real good, so I think she'll find a way to Chicago at some point. Here we go, just act professional,\" Jim cleared his throat loudly and approached the station's front desk, where the sergeant on duty was on the phone. \"...any of the prints around the store match anyone we know?\" he was asking one of his colleagues, \"Well, send it to the lab and tell them to get an ID as quick as they can; with that many guns stolen, someone could be up to something big, and we...hold on a sec, I've got company,\" he noticed Ferris and Jim in front of his desk and laid the receiver down. \"Can I help you two?\" \"Afternoon,\" Jim greeted the policeman, \"My name's Ned Wiel from the law firm of Wiel, Robbya, and Blynd, and this is my nephew and legal assistant Dean Andrews III,\" he introduced Ferris, \"It's my understanding you're currently holding a young man by the name of Jerry Greenfield here on theft charges?\" \"Let me check,\" the desk sergeant typed some information into his computer, \"Yeah, he's here. Are you his lawyer?\" \"Uh, yeah, court-appointed,\" Jim said quickly, \"And I have a writ of habeas corpus here signed by Deputy Attorney General Poindexter authorizing Mr. Greenfield's release from this establishment,\" he laid the paper on the sergeant's desk, \"As well as a check for one hundred thousand dollars to cover his bail,\" he laid that on the desk too. The sergeant stared intently at both pieces of paper. \"What firm were you from again?\" he asked with raised eyebrows. \"Wiel, Robbya, and Blynd. We're a really small firm; we were the only ones readily available to represent Mr. Greenfield,\" Jim explained. \"Uncle Ned here has seventeen years of legal experience,\" Ferris cut in, \"Once we were assigned to the case, we realized there was ample reason to suspect Jerry...uh, Master Greenfield was wrongfully sent here and is too young for prison anyway, so we filed for the writ and got it.\" Looking suspicious, the sergeant looked over the writ and check again. \"Everything does seem in order, but...which judge authorized this!?\" he grilled them. \"We got it straight from the deputy A.G., like I said,\" Jim said, starting to sweat a little bit. The sergeant shook his head and picked up the phone. \"I'll try and clear this with him, so I know you're on the level here,\" he told them, \"So you know, the Greenfield kid was caught red-handed stealing Senator Tannen's wallet, and the senator has told us he's pressing full charges...\" \"Well, we hope to sit down with the senator's representatives and work out a plea bargain right after this. Uh, can we see him?\" Jim inquired. \"Yeah, down in the basement, cell nine, but no going inside until I clear this,\" the sergeant waved them off. Jim took a deep breath once they were away from the desk. \"Still think we should have just given our real names,\" he complained to Ferris. \"Maybe. But as long as the writ is legal, I don't think it matters. Besides,\" Ferris looked over his shoulder again, \"What fun would it be for the readers if we just walked in and walked out as ourselves?\" \"Yeah, good point,\" Jim nodded knowingly. The two of them descended the stairs to the cellblock and up the hall until they reached cell nine. \"Hello in there,\" Jim called into Jerry, who was lying on the bed with his face to the wall, \"Remember us?\" \"Go away,\" Jerry muttered bitterly without turning around, \"I've had enough of this adventure.\" \"But don't you want to get out of there?\" the assistant deputy director of media relations for the White House asked with a frown. \"It doesn't matter if I'm in this cell or out; my life's ruined anyway!\" Jerry snapped, \"Now that I have a criminal record, there's no way I'm ever going to get any job! Tannen's going to walk no matter what we do, and there's no way I can help my family now! I should have just sat down and kept my mouth shut back at the school and not said a word to anyone...!\" \"I just want to say, Jerry, I'm sorry,\" Ferris approached the bars, \"It is partially my fault you're in this. But that's why I'm going to make it right. We have a writ for your release, and a possible smoking gun in bringing Tannen down; his lover wants to talk, and we have an appointment...\" \"Doesn't matter, and I'm not interested,\" Jerry muttered, still not turning around. \"So you're just giving up on everything? After you've come this far to try and get justice for your family, and for everyone else Senator Tannen may have cheated and swindled? How is that going to help your family?\" Ferris goaded him, \"Come on, even if this is a losing cause, we might as well go down fighting to the bitter end. Because sometimes the struggle is just as exciting as the victory, and if you quit now, you cheapen the struggle. Trust me on this-I know that's a little harder now given everything that's happened, but I'm not giving up fighting for you. Now I'm asking you not to give up fighting for yourself and everyone and everything you care for. When we do that, the bad guys automatically win.\" Jerry slowly rolled over on the bunk. \"And your release form's perfectly legitimate, no problems?\" he grilled Ferris and Jim. \"Perfectly legal, perfectly valid,\" Jim held it up, \"And I...\" \"All right, you guys,\" the sergeant was storming up the hall towards them with a frown, \"I called around; there's no law firm out there named Wiel, Robbya, and Blynd. So what's the real story!?\" \"Uh...like I said, we're a really, uh, small firm, so small we, um, don't even have a listed phone number,\" Jim stammered, \"No website, no...\" \"Cut the comedy act,\" the sergeant put one hand on the holster of his gun, \"Impersonating a lawyer is a felony offense, buster. So unless you have a good excuse to...\" \"But the writ's still good, isn't it?\" Jim asked desperately. \"Yeah, it's good. Too bad you're clearly not. So as I was saying, you'd better talk fast and tell me what the real...\" An idea struck Ferris. He spun back to Jerry and mimed choking towards him. Jerry shook his head and mouthed, \"No more tricks.\" Ferris rolled his eyes. \"Do you want out of here or not!? It's the only way right now!\" he mouthed back. Sighing, Jerry pretended to gasp for air and went into spasms. \"Officer, look, he's having a seizure!\" Ferris gasped out loud, pointing into the cell, \"His file said this could happen! Get him out of there!\" \"Oh God, not here, not now!\" the sergeant frantically unlocked the cell door and threw it open. Ferris casually snatched the keys out of his hands behind his back, as well as the sergeant's radio, and handed them to Jim. \"Here, hand him out here; we'll take him out front and call an ambulance!\" he extended his arms for Jerry. The sergeant picked the still shaking Jerry up off the floor and handed Ferris's cohort to him. \"Thanks,\" Ferris commended him. He then nodded to Jim, who swung the cell door shut and locked it in a flash. \"And since that writ was legal, and I posted the proper bail, officer, technically we've followed the rule of law here,\" he said coolly. \"Hey, let me outta here!\" the sergeant shouted, grabbing the bars and shaking them hard, furious at having fallen for such an obvious trick. \"Well, we'll give you a fair chance,\" Jim laid the keys on the ground just out of the sergeant's reach, \"If you can get to them, you can let yourself out. \"Shall we?\" he asked the boys, gesturing towards the end of the hall, \"We've got a big appointment in Rockville to hopefully seal the deal in forty-five minutes.\" \"Just no more manipulations or tricks, you guys; I just want to do this straight up from here on,\" Jerry cautioned them. \"No more tricks, Jerry; this'll be a straight-up interview, then we're back to the White House to stop Tannen's speech,\" Ferris assured him. He sided up to Jim once they'd reentered the squad room and whispered in his ear, \"I forgot to ask, did you get through to the president this time before we left?\" \"In fact, I was on the line with Matthew Simmons while you were getting ready; he's on his way back now, and should be just about...\" Jim checked his watch, \"over the Canary Islands now. So, judging by how fast I know Air Force One can go, he should get here just in time. He's steamed at the thought Tannen would try and frame him for his own crimes to get the party's nomination. Even better,\" he leaned closer to Ferris, \"Your idea to send him the photos of Nat's birthday worked; he feels genuinely horrible he missed it, and he gave up a high level conference with the Bahrainis to come back.\" \"Good for him. It's the first step to becoming a better father again. Well, anyway, we have,\" Ferris checked his own watch, \"Two hours to bring the train home. So let's go out to Rockville and seal the deal.\" \"Ah, these are the days you love to wake up to,\" Mr. Bueller declared out loud, stretching on his front porch and staring contentedly at the sights of summer all up and down the sun-bathed street, \"These are the days June was made for.\" He bent down to pick up the newspaper from the front step and walked back inside. \"Morning, honey,\" he kissed his wife in the living room, \"Since it's the weekend, what do you want to do today?\" \"Didn't you remember, Tom? Don and Nancy Chinich are coming over for lunch; we've got to get set up in the backyard,\" Mrs. Bueller reminded him. \"Oh yes, I remember you mentioned that. Well, let's get the tables ready, then,\" Mr. Bueller threw open the basement door and hefted a large table. \"Ferris call at all? I haven't heard anything from him since the flight left,\" he asked his wife, straining under the weight of the table. \"He hasn't called me either,\" Mrs. Bueller shook her head, picking up a pair of folding chairs to carry out, \"So I'm guessing he's too busy enjoying the trip. You know, part of me wishes we could have could have gone along as chaperones...\" \"Nah, Katie, eventually you have to trust the kids can take care of themselves. And there's no reason we can't trust Ferris,\" Mr. Bueller argued, helping her place the chairs, \"It will be a bit more lonely around here without him, though,\" he grew melancholy. \"I know, Tom. I hope he'll drop by when he's in college...Jeannie, give us a hand setting up for the Chiniches,\" Mrs. Bueller asked her daughter, who'd come into the kitchen and was about to pour a bowl of cereal. \"After I just got up!?\" Jeannie protested. \"Jeannie, don't push it. You can certainly carry a few chairs and food,\" her mother admonished her. Sighing, Jeannie abandoned the cereal bowl and trudged to the refrigerator to get out some hamburgers. \"Go put them out on the grill, sweetheart; I'll cook them up real soon,\" her father instructed her. \"It's good to know that when...say, Katie, look at that,\" he pointed at the TV screen on the countertop, where footage of the congresspersons and donors dancing to You Can't Stop the Beat at the hotel the previous night was being shown. \"Oh boy, I knew things were crazy in Washington, but I didn't know they'd end up doing that,\" he remarked, bursting into laughter at the sight. \"No telling what the people in Congress are going to do next,\" Mrs. Bueller chuckled as well, \"That must have been a sight to see for everyone there. Too bad Ferris probably missed it. Oh well, I'm sure he's seeing lots of other interesting things on the trip...\" She and her husband turned and walked outside with more chairs in hand. Jeannie, in contrast, stormed right up in front of the television set. \"He'd better not have been orchestrating this, because if...AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGHHHH! I KNEW IT!\" she roared as Ferris's image appeared on the screen, popping impressive dance moves across the floor, \"He's having the time of his life, and I'm stuck being his lapdog and a...!\" \"Jeannie, stop shouting in there and bring those hamburgers out here!\" her mother ordered loudly from outside. Growling, Jeannie snatched up the meat. \"It's not fair,\" she grumbled out loud, stomping towards the back door, \"It's just not fair at all...!\" \"So what's it look like, Phil?\" Jim asked the Secret Service agent walking towards him at the truck stop just off Interstate 270 in Rockville. \"We went around the property three times; no sign of any snipers' nests or hidden bombs or any similar threats,\" Phil said without any emotion, \"We also knocked on the door; the lady's alone, and there's no sign of any bugs or cameras in the cabin.\" \"Wonderful. OK, you, Bill, and Gil go with the kids, just in case anything were to go wrong,\" Jim directed him. He bustled over to Ferris and his friends by one of the Secret Service cars near the truck stop's restaurant. \"OK, it's in your hands now,\" he told them, \"I'll be waiting here with the rest of these guys,\" he pointed at the half dozen or so other Secret Service agents clustered nearby, \"If anything goes wrong, call me, and I'll send them in for backup. It is now,\" he checked his watch, \"Ten eighteen. Judging by Washington's usual traffic patterns on a Saturday morning, you've probably got about a half hour in there before we have to pack it in and get back to the White House to expose Tannen.\" \"OK then, we'll be quick and the point. You guys ready?\" Ferris asked the other teens, who nodded firmly. \"OK, hands in,\" he held his out for them to grab, \"For the colony, and for oppressed ants everywhere...\" \"Ferris...\" Cameron raised an eyebrow at him. \"Sorry Cam, couldn't resist. For country, and justice, and everything that's good and right, let's do this!\" Ferris pumped his fist downward, climbed into the driver's seat of the Secret Service car and pulled out into the parking lot, the chosen Secret Service agents following behind them in a second car. Jim and the other agents followed them to the road and flashed them a farewell thumbs-up... ...in so doing, not noticing the black car at the edge of the truck stop's parking lot far behind them, the window of which now rolled down. A familiar face with bloodshot eyes and now wild red hair leaned out and watched Ferris's car disappear out of sight over the interstate bridge. Grinning sadistically, Rooney starting dialing his cell phone. \"They're on their way. There's three agents with them. Go one car at a time. One of you stop here and make sure the fat dope and the Secret Service can't interfere,\" he said softly. \"Gotcha, Ed, we'll take care of it,\" the person on the other end said. Rooney hung up and started his own car's engine, eagerly fingering the hunting rifle with telescopic sight lying on the floor next to him. \"The game's about up, Ferris,\" he snickered with a cold laugh, shifting into drive and pulling forward, \"And there's no way you can weasel your way out of this one...\" Five minutes later, unaware of what was swirling around him, Ferris knocked on the door of the bright red cabin in a rustic swath of woods outside Rockville. The door opened a crack. \"Are you alone?\" the woman he'd seen with Senator Tannen the previous night stuck her head out. \"All except for Natalie's Secret Service detail,\" Ferris gestured at the three agents, \"They'll guard the perimeter while we speak, Mrs. Hale.\" \"Come on in then,\" she waved them inside the cabin, \"Have a seat,\" she pointed at the sofa, \"If you can get what I have to say to the president, Bob'll be ruined for sure...you're out already?\" she was surprised to see Jerry among the teens. \"They got me out-a little extra-legally, but they did it,\" Jerry shot a stern look at Ferris, but quickly switched it into a small smile of gratitude. \"So what have you got!?\" he grilled Hale. \"I swiped a couple of the letters Bob wrote to Wilson Karkovice,\" Hale opened a drawer in the kitchen counter, \"He offered him ten thousand dollars to force out all the holdouts in Glencoe. I've been having an affair with Bob for two years now, and I can tell you there's other similar scams he's committed all throughout Illinois. He and his brother then reap the profits.\" \"And you'd be willing to testify to this in court under oath?\" Sloane pressed her. \"Yes. Here,\" Hale pulled out a manila envelope and handed it to Ferris, \"Everything you'll need to know's in there.\" \"Well, we'll see what we've got here,\" Ferris unwound the envelope...and frowned. For the only thing inside was a single document, on which was inscribed, in extra-large letters, THE GAME'S UP, FERRIS. NOW YOU'RE MINE. \"What!? What's this all...!?\" he started to protest, but then realized in horror exactly what it was-right as a barrage of gunfire exploded outside, and the Secret Service agents could be heard groaning in agony. \"Oh God...!\" he gasped, jumping back to his feet, \"Everyone, out the back door, quick!\" he urged the other teens, \"We've been set up...!\" But the back door then burst open, and a half dozen heavily armed men swarmed in. \"Freeze, you little brats!\" the leader, a tall man with dark hair who was toting two machine guns, ordered them, leveling both guns right at Ferris, \"None of you are going anywhere.\" \"You filthy snake, you lied to us!\" Natalie bellowed at Hale. \"Bob's my life, and I'd do anything for that man,\" Hale sighed dreamily, \"Especially for the chance to be First Lady. Have a seat, kids, like I said,\" she pointed them back to the sofa, \"Bob has a speech to make, and it shouldn't have to be interrupted.\" Sighing in disgust, Ferris plopped down on the sofa. He took a quick glance out the window and was crushed to see three well-dressed bodies being dragged into the woods by more gunmen. They were completely on their own now, he rued. He'd have to think fast to get everyone out of this one...but he knew he had to try, given their lives almost certainly depended on it... He waited until the goons had all turned to each other to congratulate themselves for their success, briefly taking all their eyes off their prisoners. In a flash, he turned to Sloane and silently gestured for her to start recording on her cell phone. Sloane nodded and reached quickly into her purse, pulling her hand back out right before the villains turned back around. \"So you're Wilson Karkovice, then?\" Ferris asked the leader of the goons out loud. \"Yep, that's me, kid. Apparently my reputation precedes me,\" Karkovice grinned, impressed with himself. \"Yeah, you can say it did. Jerry's told us all about how badly his father got assaulted when he wouldn't sell his store to Prince Construction,\" Ferris gestured at Jerry, \"And boy, you must have been really hungry for a payday to have been that brutal with the man.\" \"Greenfield, huh?\" Karkovice squinted at Jerry, \"Yeah, I remember you now; we cased that store for a week before we moved in. Of course, if he'd been smart enough to sell, it wouldn't have had to have come to that...\" \"He's a cripple now for your information, you dirty son of a...!\" Jerry angrily rose to his feet, but another gunman grabbed him and hurled him back onto the couch. \"Well too bad, that's not my concern,\" Karkovice shrugged indifferently, \"With the money I was offered for the job, I'd've been crazy to refuse.\" \"Let me guess, right out of Bert Tannen's bank's vaults?\" Cameron spoke up, having picked up on Ferris's plan, \"It was the perfect cover, wasn't it; Ronald Prince stashed the payment for you and your goons there for the jobs you carried out for him, Bert Tannen handed it out to you after it was done, and his brother the senator got to come in and crow about making progress getting rid of blight while pocketing some bribe money from Prince on the side. Am I getting warm there?\" \"You've really done your homework, kid. But you're not going to tell anyone, are you?\" Karkovice leaned menacingly in his face. \"Of course he's not. But we'll deal with him later,\" came a familiar cold voice from the back door. Rooney entered the room, his eyes murderously locking in on Ferris immediately. \"Right now, we're going to take care of far more personal matters. Greetings...Mr...Bueller,\" he growled in Ferris's face in a faux computerized voice, \"Shall...we...play...a...game!?\" In a flash, he hauled Ferris violently to his feet and punched him hard in the chest to loud cries from the other students. Ferris doubled over in pain, which left him wide open for Rooney to rear back with his hunting rifle and smash the handle right into Ferris's forehead, sending him crumpling to the mat. \"Not so tough now, are you, Ferris!?\" he roared, kicking him brutally in the ribs, \"Get up and fight me like a real man!\" \"Leave him alone!\" Sloane screamed, trying to push past the gunmen to get Ferris. \"Shut the hell up, Petersen!\" Rooney bellowed, thrusting the gun at her, \"And for the record, you and Frye are hereby expelled, no appeals allowed! I said GET UP!\" he jerked Ferris back to his feet, kicked him hard in the chest, then threw him into the wall. \"Stop it!\" Hale was now looking horrified herself. She tried to get between Rooney and Ferris, \"I didn't agree to this; you said we were just going to keep them under heavy watch until...!\" \"Get out of my way!\" Rooney shoved her aside and hauled Ferris back up again. \"You brought this on yourself, Ferris! Did you really think I was going to let you make a fool out of me and get away with it!?\" he snarled in his student's face, \"Well now you're going to pay in blood!\" \"In that case, can I have a ten second head start...!\" Ferris tried to reason, only for Rooney to smash the rifle handle across his face again, sending him back down to the floor. \"Time to say...!\" the principal started to declare, cocking his rifle. \"Quiet, shut up a minute,\" Karkovice held up his hand, holding up his ringing cell phone. He activated it and set it on speaker. \"Yeah?\" \"Will, is it all under control?\" came Senator Tannen's voice on the other end. \"Yep, we've got these brat kids here at gunpoint; it's all under control,\" Karkovice assured him. \"OK. There's a couple changes of plan. First, I moved up the press conference to eleven. Given everything that's unfolded, better to make the announcement for the presidency more quickly. Try and take care of them before I'm done, and make sure you destroy the bodies so that no one ever finds a trace of them.\" \"What!?\" Hale looked stunned. \"What are you doing, Bob!?\" she rushed the phone, \"You swore we weren't going to hurt them; you said we were just going to hold them here until...!\" \"Sorry darling, but the plan changed,\" Tannen told her dryly, \"Oh and Will, kill her too,\" he instructed his enforcer, \"I can't have an adultery scandal hanging over my head, now can I?\" \"WHAT!? But I gave everything for you...!?\" a crushed Hale screamed at the phone, but was cut off as one of Karkovice's goons smashed his rifle over her head, sending her crumpling to the floor. \"Orders are orders, lady,\" the goon sneered at her, \"OK, who goes first?\" he turned murderously to the teens. \"Ferris goes first of course. Turn your head, Ferris,\" Rooney gestured murderously at him with the rifle, \"I want this to be quick and painless for me.\" \"No,\" Ferris tried to rise to his feet and squirm away. Rooney kicked him hard back down to the floor. \"I SAID TURN YOUR HEAD, YOU FILTHY JACKASS CRETIN!\" he screamed in carnal hatred, kicking Ferris over onto his stomach and jamming the rifle against the back of his head. \"You've had this coming for years, and now you're going to get exactly what you deserve, Ferris! Prepare to go to Hell...!\" Just then a loud bang rang out from behind the cabin. Rooney and the others turned away just long enough for Ferris to squirm out of the principal's gun's barrel and kick Rooney in the legs, sending him toppling towards the floor...until Cameron leaped off the sofa, grabbed the principal in mid-fall and shoved him backwards towards Karkovice and his men, who conveniently were all standing in a row and were thus knocked over like ten pins. \"Ferris, are you all right!?\" Sloane worriedly jerked him back to his feet. \"Yes; go, run!\" Ferris shouted at her and the others, who all leaped off the sofa and rushed out the cabin door. He waved Cameron towards the groaning Hale. The two of them hefted her up and carried her out the door as fast as they could. \"I'm so sorry...\" she mumbled regretfully, \"I didn't think it would come to this...!\" \"If you'll testify for real, it'll be a redemption for you,\" Ferris opened the back door of their car with his foot and helped shove Hale inside. Groaning from the injuries to his ribs, he staggered to the driver's seat and dove in. \"What were those bangs!?\" he turned back to ask Natalie, fumbling for the key to start the car. \"One of the Secret Service men must still be alive; he must have heard the shouting inside and set off a concussion grenade to...OH MY GOD, LOOK OUT!\" Natalie screamed and dove to the floor, seeing an enraged Rooney rush out the door and aim his gun straight at the car. Ferris slid down himself as the ensuing shots shattered the windshield, sending glass cascading over him. He hastily threw the car into reverse and roared backwards down the road at eighty miles an hour, looking up only when the sound of gunshots had ceased. \"I think I might have created a monster...\" he mused grimly, spinning back around rapidly so they were facing forward. \"If Tannen switched the press conference till eleven, now we only have twenty minutes to get there in time to discredit him!\" Jerry lamented, staring at his watch, \"So pour it on, Ferris!\" he urged him. \"Pedal's to the metal, Jerry...and unfortunately, we've got company...!\" Ferris glanced out the rearview window to see a whole squadron of cars hot on their heels...and gun shots again started ringing out behind them, making everyone slide down in the car. \"Jim, it was a trap; they're after us! Get us out of here!\" Natalie screamed to the assistant deputy director of media relations over her cell phone. \"Yeah, I know, Nat; I went to go the bathroom, and they locked me in!\" Jim lamented on the other end of the line, \"I just broke out a couple minutes ago, but they shot out all our cars' tires! I can't help you right now!\" \"Then what are we supposed to do!? We can't outrun them forever!\" Cameron protested into the phone. \"Uh...get on the interstate and try and lose them in traffic. I'll catch up as fast as I can once I get another ride. Sorry, that's the best I can do now,\" Jim apologized, hanging up. Ferris sighed and hunched low over the steering wheel, turning hard back on the road that would lead them back to Interstate 270. \"Well, you folks probably wanted an exciting finish, and you're going to get it,\" he said knowingly into the rearview mirror, ducking back in as a shot from his pursuers zinged dangerously close, \"I just hope it doesn't turn out fatally for us, even if me dying here won't be an official death since it is just fan fiction...\" \"What the hell are you going on about!?\" Jerry upbraided him. \"I'll explain later...if there is a later...!\" Ferris ducked another set of shots from behind. \"If I ever meet the guy that wrote this, I'll kill him...\" he muttered out loud, wondering if he and his friends would survive alive...[Chapter 12] \"Mr. Rooney's really snapped!?\" Corey said, aghast, into his cell phone just inside the White House's front gate. \"I'm afraid so, Corey; apparently he took the last couple humiliations he got put through on this trip a little too far, and he wants to kill me now,\" Ferris said as calmly as he could manage on the other end of the line, \"He and Tannen's hired muscle are chasing us like it's the end of the world now, but I think we can shake them and get there in time.\" \"Well you'll have to hurry, Ferris; they're just about done setting up for Senator Tannen's speech here,\" Corey glanced through the fence, where a flag-bedecked platform had been set up outside the gate; indeed, the senator was clearly visible standing off to the side of the platform with his wife and children, going over some speech notes. \"Remember what I said last night: stall them, any way you can,\" Ferris urged him, \"I've got to hang up now; I've got to concentrate on the road here. Just don't let him finish his speech until I get there.\" Loud gunshots rang out on the other end of the phone right before Ferris hung up. Corey gulped nervously at the mere thought of what was likely unfolding on the other end of the line. \"Was that Ferris!?\" his father rushed up from the left. \"Yeah, and Mr. Rooney's right behind him with a very big gun. You were right, Dad, he's completely lost it,\" Corey said with a shiver. \"I was afraid this would happen for a long time now,\" Mr. Jacobson shook his head, \"Did Ferris say where he was!?\" \"He was close to getting back on I-270; he hopes to be here in fifteen minutes if he can shake everyone chasing him. He said to stall Senator Tannen till he gets here.\" \"Well we've got to even things out for him,\" Mr. Jacobson dug out his own cell phone and started dialing, \"I'll tell the police to send all available units there and try and give him some escort and protection. You go get together everyone you can; I have a few ideas how we can hold Senator Tannen's speech up...what?\" \"Oh it's just...\" Corey was trying to suppress a laugh, \"given what Ferris thinks of school most of the time, Dad, it's kind of amazing to see a teacher willing to help him outright, even you.\" \"Well, hard as it may be to believe, son, I was Ferris once, a long time ago. I'll tell you a couple stories about that later on, after we try and take care of this...\" \"There, there, I-270 south!\" Jerry shouted, pointing at the ramp coming up fast on their left. \"Mr. Rooney coming up fast on the right!\" Sloane pointed out the rear windshield, where Ferris could see his nemesis's angry face at the steering wheel of the car rapidly pulling alongside his. The principal started to heft his rifle again, the barrel trained right at Ferris in the driver's seat. Ferris, thinking quickly, turned sharply left onto the Interstate 270 entrance ramp a few feet early, sending oncoming cars screeching to a halt to avoid hitting him, but also blocking the ramp to Rooney, who overshot it anyway due to the suddenness of Ferris's move and soared up the hill into the truck stop. The other five trailing cars filled with Karkovice's crew smashed through the blocking cars and roared down the interstate entrance ramp in hot pursuit of their quarry. Ferris pressed his foot down hard on the accelerator until it was flat to the floor and the odometer showed they were going a hundred and ten miles an hour. \"Time!?\" he grilled Sloane. \"Eleven forty-six, Ferris; we've got to book it,\" she said, glancing at her watch, then shooting a nervous glance at the ominous black cars still following, \"Try and get some traffic between them and us...!\" \"Already on it,\" Ferris weaved among the slower cars, trying to make sure the gunmen would not have a clear shot at them. Bullets could still be heard behind them, though, and it was clear Karkovice's men would not give up the chase without good cause. \"How's she doing back there?\" he glanced back to the back seat, where Cameron and Natalie were tending to the groaning Hale. \"Think it's just a mild concussion; she should be OK, I think,\" Natalie told him with a hopeful expression. She dug out her phone again. \"Jim, we're southbound towards the beltway; tell me you've got something!?\" she pressed him nervously. \"In fact, I just got something right now, Nat; I'll catch up as fast as I can. Better keep hurrying though; Principal Madman just commandeered a truck after his car crashed in here; he took off at well over a hundred, and I saw the murderous look in his eyes when he pulled out,\" Jim rambled breathlessly on the other end of the line, \"So watch yourselves till I get there.\" \"Oh God, Rooney got a truck!?\" Cameron groaned, glancing worriedly out the back window, \"Would there be any way to call in an air strike on this road!?\" he asked Natalie only half-jokingly. \"If only we could,\" she also was only half-joking in response. \"Take it easy there,\" she rolled Hale sideways in the seat. \"How could he do this to me!?\" the senator's secretary lamented, tears flowing from her eyes, \"Two years, I was there at his side, I felt alive with him, and he seemed to love me. And just like that, he throws me away to avoid a scandal! I believed so much in him, and he tried to have me killed...!\" \"That's a politician for you,\" Cameron muttered in disgust, \"Well, we can help you if you'd be willing to help us for real,\" he offered Hale, \"If you'd be willing to testify in court...\" \"Yes, yes, I'm willing to help you kids for real now,\" Hale said firmly, sliding back up to a sitting position, \"I know how to access all his files, I can give you transcripts I took of his meeting with...\" \"Down!\" Cameron pushed her down again as one of Karkovice's cars pulled alongside, and one of the gunmen inside started firing straight into the back of Ferris's car. \"Ferris, anything...!?\" Cameron grilled him. \"Thinking, thinking...!\" Ferris looked around the highway in front of them. A pie truck was driving directly ahead of the gunmen's car. He was hit with a flash of inspiration-and not a moment too soon, as the pursuing car's shooter started to take aim square at him. In a flash, Ferris grabbed his wrist before he could finish aiming, twisted it sideways so it was aiming at the back of the pie truck, and pulled the trigger. The shot blasted the lock off the truck's back doors, which flew open, sending a barrage of pies flying back at the gunmen. Splattered with flying pies, they yelped and hit the brakes, breaking off the pursuit-but another of Karkovice's cars zoomed up to take its place. The driver pulled alongside and tried to ram Ferris's car. Ferris swerved quickly out of its path, narrowly missing colliding with another car in the right lane. \"There, there, I-495 south, get in the right lanes and try and shake him!\" Natalie pointed at the overhead sign bridge approaching. \"Actually, I've got a better idea,\" Ferris stayed in his lane, which would have taken him north on 495 instead, until the road had started splitting. \"Hold on,\" he swung hard to the right, launching over the barricades and landing hard in the southbound exit ramp, rattling the car hard. The gunmen's car, after continuing forward from the surprise of Ferris's maneuver, attempted the same feat, but too much space was now between it and the southbound ramp. It fell far short of the road and crashed down the hill between both ramps. \"One out of the way for sure,\" Ferris breathed a brief sigh of relief, \"OK, what's the fastest route to the White House!?\" he turned back to Natalie. \"Give me a minute,\" Natalie squinted her eyes shut, trying to think. \"You've lived there the last few years and you don't even know how to get there!?\" Jerry snapped. \"Hey give me a break! I was in a limo half the time I went out; I don't keep track of what roads here go where!\" she snapped back. \"Think fast; here comes Rooney!\" Cameron had gone deathly white. Ferris heard the deafening blare of the truck horn a split second too late before his car was rammed hard from the driver's side, spinning it around in a wild circle. Ferris spun the wheel hard to try and regain control, only to then be rammed a second time, even harder. \"What's the matter, Ferris, don't you want to play!?\" Rooney all but screamed down from the truck's cab, looking like he'd lost all contact with reality, \"All that time ditching school, and you don't want to play anymore!? Well too bad, because I'm here to play!\" He pointed his rifle out the window and sprayed Ferris's car with bullets. Ferris again slumped down in his seat, blindly trying to weave the steering wheel around and hoping he wouldn't collide with any other drivers. \"Who is this man!?\" a terrified Hale cried out from the back seat. \"He's our principal; he and Ferris never did get along, and I think he's gone over the edge now!\" Sloane answered, screaming and sliding to the floor as another spray of bullets came dangerously close to her. \"And he took an offer from your boss to be chief of staff if he wins the presidency; he wants out of Shermer High so bad he'd be willing to do this!\" Cameron chimed in, protectively sliding in front of both Natalie and Hale, although the shooting stopped at this point. Ferris dared to slide back up in his seat-and immediately saw Rooney swerving towards him again, too fast for him to get out of the truck's way. His car was slammed sideways into the interstate's sound barriers, and Rooney continued pushing his truck hard into it. Windows shattered and the sides of the car crumpled rapidly inwards, pushing Ferris against Sloane. In no more than a minute, he knew, they'd be fatally crushed. \"Mr. Rooney, please, let's talk reasonable!\" he cried out over the blasting of sparks and crunching of metal. \"Reasonable left the station long ago, Ferris, now it's time to die!\" Rooney roared back, spinning his steering wheel even harder to the right. Ferris was pressed harder into the center of the car, the door about to impale him against Sloane. It was now or never to get out of this alive... \"Jim, get here quick, he's trying to crush us!\" Natalie screamed into her phone to her de facto guardian in the rapidly contracting back seat. \"I see you, I'm on it, hold on!\" Jim shouted back. The next ten seconds seemed an eternity to Ferris, but there came a loud bang, and Rooney's truck was sent jerking forward away from his car, spinning from side to side up the interstate. \"Ferris!\" Jim was now driving alongside him in a tour bus with the front door open, \"Get over here; we'll get you out of there!\" \"Watch him!\" Jerry cried, pointing towards Rooney's truck starting to right itself in the lane ahead. Jim swerved to the right, as did Ferris, the bus just nicking Rooney's truck and sending it spinning again. \"Help them out of there!\" Jim shouted to the half dozen Secret Service agents aboard the bus with him, who swarmed the staircase and stretched out their hands. \"Back seat first,\" Ferris slowed his car up so the back seat was level with the bus's door. He tried to maintain the same speed as the bus as Cameron and Natalie pushed Hale out the shattered window to the agents, then climbed out themselves. \"You two go out the back too,\" Ferris instructed Sloane and Jerry. \"What about you!?\" Sloane asked, worried. \"They'll get me out; go!\" Ferris waved them into the back seat. \"Get closer, son,\" he heard one of the agents shout to him once Jerry and Sloane had left the car. He swerved it as close as he could and threw the car into neutral as strong hands grabbed him and yanked him out of the shattered and crushed car. \"Jim, I don't know how to thank you,\" he praised the assistant deputy director of media relations, plopping into the seat behind the driver's seat, \"Where you get this?\" \"It pulled in right after your friend back there grabbed the truck and took off after you,\" Jim explained, swinging the doors closed, \"Had to pay the driver a fortune to use it, but looks like it was the right thing to get. You OK, Nat!?\" he asked the First Daughter worriedly. \"I think so, Jim,\" she answered, the color starting to return to her face, \"This is Kathleen Hale,\" she introduced Senator Tannen's secretary, \"Tannen double crossed her and tried to kill her; she'll testify against him.\" \"Good to meet you and good to know,\" Jim shook Hale's hand, \"As long as we don't have any further problems, I think we can get there in time to break up his press conference.\" \"I sent word ahead to the rest of my class to stall him; hopefully they can come through,\" Ferris told him. \"So what now?\" Cameron asked, keeping a watch out the windows for any sign of Rooney or the other gunmen. \"I called the Metro line and explained we were working on a big presidential assignment; they'll have a train waiting for us at the West Falls Church stop on the Orange Line,\" Jim explained, \"That should be right on I-66, which, at our current speed, we should reach in about five minutes. They promised to run it non-stop to McPherson Square, which is the closest station to the White House. From there, I guess we have to run as fast as we can to get there and break up his speech.\" \"We'd better hope for a long stall, then; I don't think we'd be able to get there in time otherwise,\" Sloane shook her head, glancing at her watch again, \"Even nonstop, we'd have...\" \"HERE HE COMES AGAIN!\" Cameron shouted out a warning. With a strident blare of its horns, Rooney's truck pulled alongside the bus. Seconds later, the principal rammed it hard, sending it swerving across the interstate and narrowly missing cars in the other lanes. As Ferris had himself shortly before, Jim spun the wheel hard to regain control. \"OK Rooney, you want to play hardball, I'm game!\" he declared, a determined look crossing his face. \"Everyone hold on; I'm going on offense for us!\" he shouted to everyone else on board, then swerved the bus back towards Rooney and rammed his truck hard right back, sending it crashing into the median. Ferris made out a stunned look on the principal's face in the cab that his quarry was fighting back...one, however that was replaced with enraged fury. Rooney promptly swerved back and rammed the bus a second time. \"I got more where that came from, Rooney!\" Jim shouted, ramming the truck right back a second time, \"You want it, come and get it!\" \"...and so, then he said, 'A moose has antlers, but an ant rarely has mooslers!\" Mr. Bueller finished a joke in his backyard, making his wife and the visiting Chiniches laugh hard (Jeannie, in contrast, rolled her eyes in disgust by the fence). \"Bill at the office told me that one last week; I figured I might as well share it with the two of you.\" \"Good one, Tom,\" Mr. Chinich chuckled, \"Well, I've got to go the bathroom; be back in about three minutes.\" \"Take your time,\" Mr. Bueller told him. He moved into Mr. Chinich's seat after he'd gone into the house. \"Again, Katie and I are glad the two of you could make it this afternoon,\" he told Mrs. Chinich. \"We appreciated the invite,\" Mrs. Chinich commended him, \"Don and I figured you'd be a little down with Ferris away on his senior trip this week...\" \"Well, a little, Nancy, to be honest,\" Mrs. Bueller admitted, looking wistful again, \"As I was telling Tom earlier, it's hard to believe my boy's all grown up now. But he earned this trip, after having made it all the way through school...\" \"You mean cheated half his way through...\" Jeannie muttered under her breath, but unfortunately not soft enough. \"Now Jeannie, I've said I won't tolerate any more of your backtalking about your brother!\" her mother warned her, \"If you've got nothing better to do right now, go bring out the cake.\" \"Why is it always me that has...all right, all right!\" Jeannie caught herself after her parents gave her another harsh glare. She stormed towards the house, muttering more softly, \"No respect, no breaks at all; why me, God!?\" Mrs. Bueller shook her head. \"She's had it out for Ferris for some time now; her father and I have been trying to force her to be nicer to him,\" she told Mrs. Chinich. \"I don't see what anyone would see wrong in a nice boy like Ferris,\" Mrs. Chinich mused, \"By the way, have you heard from him on the trip so far?\" \"Nope,\" Mr. Bueller shook his head, \"But that's probably nothing wrong. Probably he and his class are enjoying the city and there's just not enough time to...\" \"Hey, everyone,\" Mr. Chinich stuck his head out the door, \"You might want to take a look at the TV. There's a big chase going on in Washington.\" \"Huh?\" What chase?\" Mr. Bueller inquired, frowning. \"Just saw it on the screen coming downstairs; two lunatics in a truck and a bus are ramming each other while going a hundred miles an hour around the beltway,\" Mr. Chinich laid it out for them, \"Do you think...?\" \"No, Ferris wouldn't be involved in any of that...I don't think...\" frowning herself, Mrs. Bueller rose up and led everyone else into the house. \"Oh my,\" she exclaimed upon seeing the TV, which Jeannie was already standing in front of, watching intently. For Rooney's truck and Jim's bus continued to slam into each other over and over as they screamed down the interstate, oblivious to the police cars now following at a safe distance. \"Oh, I hope someone can stop that; somebody's going to get hurt bad if they don't. I'm glad Ferris isn't involved in this. What set that off?\" \"Who knows, Katie; like I said earlier, Washington just keeps getting crazier every day,\" Mr. Bueller guessed, grimacing as the two vehicles collided hard in the middle of the road again, \"I know one thing for sure; O.J.'s going to be upset to know the Bronco chase just got upstaged by...\" There came a loud barking, and a furry form rushed by him out the partially open door. \"Killer, no, stay away from that table!\" he warned his Rottweiler, but it was too late; the dog leaped onto the table and started helping itself to some of the Chiniches' food. \"Down! Bad dog!\" Mr. Bueller rushed out and shouted at the Rottweiler. When that failed to dislodge Killer, he grabbed the nearest water hose and fired a spray of water at it, finally forcing it off the table. \"Bad dog, inside!\" he ordered, pointing towards the house. Still clutching several slices of turkey, Killer obeyed. \"Sorry, Don, Nancy; when he sees free food, he always goes for it,\" he apologized to them. \"We'll go to the store and get you some replacement food,\" Mrs. Bueller offered them. \"Better let us come along; we're on very specific diets,\" Mr. Chinich reminded her. \"Yeah, good point. Jeannie, look after the house while we're gone,\" Mrs. Bueller turned to her. \"Right, right, got it,\" Jeannie mumbled, still transfixed at the TV. \"We shouldn't be more than fifteen or twenty minutes, honey. Let us know how that turns out if it ends before we get back,\" Mr. Bueller asked her, pointing at the screen. The instant he and his wife and their guests had walked out of the room, the camera on the helicopter following the chase zoomed in to clearly show Ferris in the front right window. \"Of course!\" Jeannie threw up her hands in disgust, \"Why not!? Everything exciting always happens to him anyway. Although...\" her expression twisted into something resembling concern, \"I'd hate to see him die like this...\" \"Why the hell don't the cops come up here!?\" Jerry asked out loud, glancing at the troopers keeping a safe distance from the melee behind them. \"Would you want to get this close when Rooney's this out of control!?\" Cameron countered, grabbing the railing hard as the bus took another blow from the truck, \"How much more of these hits from him can we take!?\" he shouted up to Jim in the driver's seat. \"If we've stayed in one piece so far, I think we should be OK,\" Jim shouted back. \"I-66 in one mile; we'll have to get over soon!\" Sloane shouted from the front most starboard window. \"Say Ed, how about we call this even, since none of us has the advantage here!?\" Jim shouted out the driver's window. \"Give me Ferris, and the rest of you can go!\" Rooney shouted back, brandishing his shotgun to emphasize his point. \"Can't do that, Ed, not when you want to kill him,\" Jim refused. \"Then you'll all join him!\" Rooney swerved towards the bus again. Jim swerved at him too, and both vehicles hit hard. They scraped hard into each other with sparks flying between their bodies. Down the road they continued flying, Jim blowing his horn to get the cars ahead of him out of his lane, while Rooney simply plowed into the cars in front of him, sending them reeling across the road. \"Watch it!\" Natalie shouted a warning as Rooney took dead aim at her de facto guardian. Jim ducked to avoid the rifle shot, which shattered the doors' glass, then reached up and grabbed the rifle's barrel. He strained to twist it away as Rooney groped for the trigger again, and proved strong enough to push the gun downwards by the time the principal fired. The shot thus blew out the right front tire of Rooney's truck, making the vehicle start wobbling dangerously. Jim yanked the rifle out of Rooney's hands and tossed it down to the freeway, then pulled away from the truck as fast as he could. With a loud scream of its brakes, Rooney's truck spun sideways and tipped over, shattering the trailer behind the cab. It slid rapidly up the road, flipping over repeatedly. \"Ouch, that really has to hurt him,\" Sloane grimaced at the sight, \"If he makes it through that...\" \"Then he isn't human,\" Ferris turned away from the wreck. His eyes locked in on the right side of the road. \"I-66 right here...!\" \"I see it, I see it! Watch out, everyone!\" Jim blew his horn repeatedly, scattering the cars in the right-most lanes as he swerved to the right to exit onto Interstate 66 west. \"Station should be in about a mile, so...\" \"We've still got company!\" Jerry cried, hitting the deck just as gunfire from Karkovice's cars, which had sneaked up on the bus during Rooney's crash. opened fire on the starboard side. \"Everyone down!\" shouted one of the Secret Service agents, joining his colleagues at the window to return fire on the gunmen. One groaned and stumbled to the floor, clutching a now bleeding shoulder; the others continued their barrage. Indeed, Ferris, upon hearing the sound of another tire blowing outside, crawled on his hands and knees to the door just in time to see one of the cars crash into a tree alongside the interstate. \"West Falls Church station, half mile on the left!\" he informed Jim, having seen the station approaching fast on the left side of the road. \"OK, hang on tight everyone, and get on the starboard side; I've got an idea to buy us time to get onboard the train unscathed. Tim, Dwayne, Mack, hold them off while we get on the train,\" Jim instructed three of the healthy Secret Service men, \"Sam, Bruce, bring Oscar with us; we've got a train to catch. Everyone get ready to jump out the doors...now!\" he swerved the bus hard sideways to stop inside the entrance to the Metro stop, blocking the way to cars, Ferris noticed. He immediately leaped out the doors, followed by everyone else...and not a moment too soon, as the trailing villains' cars crashed into the bus, sending it leaning dangerously sideways. Jim rolled out the door from the impact, but got to his feet in a flash. \"Go, go!\" he waved everyone towards the stairs to the trains. The three Secret Service agents selected to remain behind formed a line behind everyone else, their guns raised protectively. Ferris dared to glance back to see one of the cars reversing away from the bus and zooming down to the other end of the parking lot, looking for an alternate way in. The other gunmen rushed around either side of the bus, their guns still blazing. Ferris ducked low to avoid any flying bullets. \"Well, if nothing else, this is a lot more exciting than spending the whole day in bed, huh Cameron?\" he asked his best friend, charging down the stairs to the tracks next to him. \"\"As long as I come out of it in one piece, Ferris, I guess so,\" Cameron conceded, ducking several bullets himself, \"And at least the bus didn't blow up if we went under fifty.\" \"Of course not; that would have been a bit too obvious,\" Ferris said, briefly turning sideways to wink. He and his party reached the platform in a flash. A train was indeed waiting at the station, pointed towards Washington proper. \"Jim Hobor, we spoke on the phone, I requested the train on a top secret government mission,\" Jim rapidly flashed his ID at the ticket agent, \"Is everyone else off the train!? We've got company, and I don't want any civilians in harm's way.\" \"We messaged everyone to wait for the next train to come here in five minutes; we were going to send yours out anyway real soon if you hadn't shown up,\" the ticket agent told him with raised eyebrows, \"What exactly's going on that you need...?\" Machine gun fire rattled down the stairwell, making her scream and dive down safely behind the counter. \"Does that answer your question!? Everyone on board; don't let them get on board, guys!\" Jim shouted backwards towards the trailing Secret Service agents, who shoved over a vending machine at the foot of the stairs to both block Karkovice's gunmen and create cover for themselves to return fire. The assistant deputy director for media relations waved the rest of his party into the front car of the train, shouted, \"GO!\" at the engineer in the cab, and dove through the doors himself seconds before they slid closed. The train lurched forward on the tracks and soon had left the station and the gunmen behind. Ferris glanced back out the window at the receding station and breathed a sigh of relief. \"Hope that's the last complication,\" he mumbled loudly. \"Knowing our luck, probably not in the least,\" Cameron muttered. \"How far on this?\" he called through the cab's door. \"You want nonstop to McPherson Square, that should be about ten minutes,\" the engineer leaned backwards out the door, \"What's going on that we have to tie up traffic all up the Orange Line for you!?\" \"Let's just say it affects the presidency directly if we don't get back to the White House in time. I'm just...\" Jim was interrupted by his cell phone ringing. \"Yeah?\" he activated it, \"Oh hello, Mr. President, sir. Really? Well, you're coming in at the right time; we're kind of in the middle of a big chase and running gun battle...of course I'm not making it up, sir. Senator Tannen sent for his hired muscle and...yeah, we have the proof you requested, and a critical witness to everything. Yeah she is...no sir, I know how furious you'd be if anything did happen to her, Mr. President. Of course, sir. Your father for you,\" he handed the phone to Natalie. Ferris instinctively leaned close to listen in to the conversation, as did Cameron on Natalie's other side. \"Dad, like Mr. Hobor said, we're rushing to get back to the White House to try and expose Senator Tannen; I've seen the documents he was forging to try and frame you for his development scheme back in Chicago myself,\" she told her father, \"Where are you now?\" \"We're just about to start descending to Andrews any minute now. How about you?\" the president asked her. \"On the Orange Line leaving West Falls Church headed for McPherson Square.\" \"And you're sure you're all right, honey?\" \"So far yes, Dad.\" \"Wonderful. OK, the moment we land, I'm going up in Marine One, and I'll try and get over McPherson Square by the time you get there. I'm directing everyone on my staff that's with me to give you and everyone else with you whatever you need,\" the leader of the free world said. \"You just stay safe till we're in place.\" \"Right, thanks, Dad.\" \"Natalie, I just want to say...I'm so sorry,\" the president said, deep regret clearly evident in his voice, \"I'm sorry I skipped out on your birthday, and everything else I've missed for you since we've come to Washington. I just...I guessed I really...I let being president get the better of me. And I feel terrible now that I've stepped back and taken a good hard look at myself. Seeing those photos that were sent to my account of your birthday made me realize what I was missing. I can only guess how hurt you were when I wasn't there...\" \"Well yeah, it did hurt a lot,\" Natalie confessed somberly, \"A lot of the misses hurt a lot, Dad.\" \"I understand. But I'm going to change all that for the better starting now. I cancelled the rest of my trip; the Bahraini king was furious, but I don't care. It's time I go back to what's really important. I'll be there when you get off the train, and we'll try and make things right going forward together.\" \"I appreciate it, Dad,\" she told him, cracking a small smile that matched Cameron's somewhat larger one next to her. \"All right, we're descending to Andrews now; I'll see you in about ten minutes. Stay safe till then, sweetheart; call me if any emergencies come up between then and now,\" the president said in parting before hanging up. Natalie sighed in relief. \"Finally, he's trying to change,\" she said happily. \"Yeah, good for him,\" Cameron agreed, putting an arm around her, \"I hoped there was still hope for him, and it looks like there is.\" \"Well, it looks like everything's trending in the right direction now,\" Jim agreed, taking the phone back. No sooner were the words out of his mouth, however, then there came a crash along the tracks to their left. Ferris spun in a flash-and was stunned to see Rooney's truck, shattered and broken, but still running, breaking through the fence separating the Metro from the interstate. There was no mistaking the look of crazed rage on the principal's face, which, coupled with the flames shooting up from the burning engine, gave the ominous impression that he was coming right out of Hell. \"OH MY GOD!\" Jerry's shout came seconds before Rooney rammed hard into the train, shaking it violently. \"Hey, what the hell's going on out there!?\" the engineer shouted, twisting several dials to try and regain control, \"What in the world do you think you're doing, you lunatic!?\" he shouted out the window at Rooney. With a deranged roar, Rooney hefted a Bushmaster and fired into the cab, shattering the glass and sending the engineer crumpling to the floor, bleeding. \"Stop, Mr. Rooney, you'll kill innocent people!\" Sloane screamed at him, waving her arms wildly out the window. Roaring once more, Rooney again slammed sideways into the train and spun his steering wheel to push hard against it. And Ferris could feel the train starting to lift off the tracks. \"Everyone to the left; try and counterbalance!\" he cried to everyone else, rushing to the port side of the train and pushing against the wall. \"There's no way we can hold up again even a damaged truck!\" Jerry protested, nonetheless pushing hard against the rising wall with all his strength, \"If we tip at this speed, there's no way we'll survive...!\" \"We'll survive,\" Ferris glanced out the window and saw the tunnel taking the train underground rapidly approaching, unnoticed by Rooney, who was too obsessed with derailing the train, \"Everyone down!\" he dropped to the floor, followed by everyone else. He looked up to see Rooney turn forward and scream at the approaching tunnel, then duck down at the last minute before the truck hit the roof of the tunnel hard, sheering off the top of the cab and shattering the truck's engine in a shower of sparks and flames. The train immediately fell back onto the tracks with a loud bang that rattled everyone inside. They all slowly got back to their feet. \"And if that doesn't stop him, nothing will,\" Ferris glanced backwards out the window to see the silhouette of Rooney stumbling of the wreckage of the truck. \"Don't tempt your luck, Ferris,\" Cameron warned him. They and the others rushed forward into the cab. \"Are you all right!?\" Sloane worriedly comforted the heavily bleeding engineer. \"Take...the throttle...don't...crash...!\" the engineer begged them, gesturing up at the throttle, \"And...call...Central...!\" \"Right, we're on it,\" Jim grabbed hold of the throttle, then reached for the radio, \"Hello, Central Control, my name's Jim Hobor, I called about that special top secret train to McPherson Square? Uh, we're in the middle of a big chase, our engineer's been shot; could you, uh, walk me through the basics of driving this thing?\" he asked the dispatcher with a nervous expression. \"Don't tell me you government people messed this up already?\" the dispatcher groaned in disgust. \"Uh, well, you see...\" \"Never mind. Where are you now?\" \"Uh...coming into the Ballston Station.\" \"And you said you wanted off at McPherson?\" \"Yeah.\" \"All right, we'll clear the line ahead of you. You've got seven stations before McPherson; watch the platforms when you go through. Brake's on top of the controls; don't go so fast you can't stop before McPherson.\" \"Right, got it. Anything else?\" \"Just remember that you're liable for anything that does happen,\" the dispatcher warned him, \"Can you get the engineer off at the next stop safely?\" \"Uh...I guess so.\" \"Slow up enough when you get close to Virginia Square; we'll try and have someone there for him,\" the dispatcher said in closing. \"Right. Give me a hand with him,\" Ferris gestured at Sloane and Jerry. The three of them strained to pick the engineer up and carried him towards the first door on the right. Slowly, a light came into focus at the edge of the windows ahead of them. OK, brake it and open the doors!\" Ferris shouted to the cab. The doors slid open in front of him. \"On three, he told his associates, \"One...\" \"MORE COMPANY!\" came Cameron's warning cry, seconds before bullets shattered the port side window. Ferris hit the floor hard, causing the engineer to be tossed awkwardly out the door onto the Virginia Square platform. \"Sorry about that!\" Ferris shouted back to the man, relieved to see bystanders rushing to attend to him. He dared to glance out the port windows to see the three remaining cars of Karkovice's gang driving alongside the tracks, firing at the train, the Secret Service agents again returning fire on them through the windows. \"Don't these guys ever quit...!?\" he asked out loud. \"Apparently not! Speed it up!\" Jerry shouted to Jim. \"Well I've got to observe the posted speed limit...!\" Jim protested. \"Lives trump limits!\" Ferris rushed the cab and threw the speed control lever all the way forward. \"Hey, come on, that's too fast!\" Jim gasped, grabbing hold of the dashboard as the train abruptly sped up. \"Like Ferris says, better to stay alive, and pray to God they cleared the track ahead of us,\" Cameron argued, staring nervously out the cab windows. The cars fell slightly behind the train, but sped up to keep some pace with it. The stations zipped by in rapid succession, counting down the distance to their stop. Finally, as the train passed the Farragut West station, Jim maneuvered his hand onto the brake. \"OK, this is going to be risky, but I think it's our best shot,\" he told everyone else, his eyes on the odometer, which was now reading a hundred and ten miles an hour, \"Everyone get by the doors and prepare to jump; I hope I can slow it down enough to make this a safe exit for us.\" \"We trust you,\" Ferris told him. He joined everyone else by the front doors. Jim threw the brakes and pulled the throttle to neutral. With a loud squeal, the train started slowing as it approached the McPherson Square station. \"On three...THREE!\" Ferris commanded. He and his colleagues leaped out the door, rolling to a stop on the concrete. Moments later, Jim jumped onto the platform himself. \"The train should block them for at least a little while, but let's move,\" he told the others, \"Sam, Bruce, Oscar, guard the bottom of the stairs; don't let them pass,\" he asked the remaining Secret Service agents. The men nodded and took positions across the bottom of the stairs as Jim and the others sprinted up the steps to the street, \"We should be awfully close to the White House now,\" the assistant deputy director for media relations mused out loud. \"Sloane, time!?\" Ferris asked her. \"It's ten after eleven, Ferris; unless the others successfully stalled Tannen, or unless he's long-winded, we may be too late,\" she lamented. \"We're not too late; the hero's never too late when...\" Ferris came to a screeching halt at the top of the stairs. For one of the gunmen's cars had gone up the other set of stairs from the opposite side of the McPherson Square platform and had beaten them to the top. \"Hold still and die, Ferris!\" Rooney screamed out the front car's passenger window, raising his Bushmaster and opening fire again. Ferris ducked the bullets and took off running with the others-but the other two cars swerved into position in front of them, blocking their escape. \"Run them down!\" Karkovice shouted to his men from the driver's seat of Rooney's car, then revved his engine and peeled towards the group, as did the other cars. \"Now what!?\" Natalie gasped, throwing herself around a wide-eyed Cameron. \"Uh...\" was all a numb Ferris could say, staring at the cars speeding right at him. It would take a miracle now... ...and fortunately, one came, as a ladder abruptly dropped into place right in front of him. He glanced upward to see Marine One circling overhead. \"Thanks, Mr. President. Grab on!\" he instructed everyone else. They rapidly grabbed the ladder, and the presidential helicopter raised them up in a flash. The cars crashed hard into each other in the middle of the sidewalk. \"Damn you, Simmons, bring him back here!\" Rooney screamed up at Marine One, shooting blindly and inaccurately up at it, \"I need to kill him!\" \"Sorry, Mr. Rooney, better luck next time,\" Ferris waved down to his nemesis. \"Yep, your father's definitely serious about redeeming himself,\" he called up to Natalie above him. \"And I'm glad. Thanks, Dad,\" Natalie called gratefully up to her father, who was now leaning out the door of the helicopter. \"Anything for you from now on, honey,\" the president smiled warmly down, \"Where do we go now?\" \"White House North Gate, and quickly,\" Ferris shouted at him, \"And hope Senator Tannen hasn't finished his speech yet.\" \"I stand for motherhood, America, and a hot lunch for orphans; take off your hat, sir; while your country flag is passing...!\" Rachel belted out the lyrics to a previous Shermer High Drama Club production atop the stage in front of the White House. Senator Tannen paced impatiently alongside it. \"Can they just finish it up yet!?\" he snapped to Mr. Jacobson at the stairs, \"I really need to make this speech!\" \"Well, we figured we might get the crowd pumped up for it,\" Mr. Jacobson suggested innocently. \"That didn't mean having the people here listen to every single student in the school giving speeches on what civics mean to them, the most boring lecture on the history of presidential elections ever given by the most boring teacher ever hired...\" Tannen pointed contemptuously at a half-asleep Mr. Steinberg behind him, \"...and every single song from Hello, Dolly! Are you pulling something on me here!?\" \"Oh no, Senator; where would you get that idea?\" the teacher posed to him. \"That's it, I can't wait any longer. You, clear the stage,\" Tannen barked at several Capitol police officers nearby, \"I've got to get this speech in now.\" \"Is there some reason you have to give it now, Senator?\" Mr. Jacobson gave him a knowing look. \"That's not your business, whatever you said your name was. Come on, move, move, off the stage, kids!\" Tannen shouted, waving his arms at the Shermer High students as the police bustled them off the stage. The senator waved for his very pregnant wife and son and daughter to join him on the stage. \"Uh, well, I hope you folks liked all that,\" he told the gathered crowd as calmly as he could, \"Now we can get down to the real reason I've called this press conference. In a twelve year career in Washington, I've been working hard on trying to make this country great again for all the middle and lower class citizens who are cut off from the American dream. Having grown up in poverty, I know what it's like to be downtrodden, and I've made it my life's mission to make sure no one else can feel the way I once did. I supported Matthew Simmons at first, but it has become increasingly clear he's no friend of the working class, that he's turned his back on the people who need it. America, it goes without saying, deserves better. And I hope to give it better. I have therefore called all of you here to officially announce that I am declaring...\" \"Look Daddy, here comes the president now,\" his son spoke up, pointing at the sky. Tannen looked up and stumbled backwards to see Marine One descending towards the White House. \"But he's not supposed to leave Bahrain for...!\" he started to exclaim, then quickly caught himself. \"Well, speak of the devil, here comes Matthew Simmons right now, pompously flying like a king over all the lower class people,\" he said strongly, \"Well, as I was saying, I'm hereby declaring my candidacy for President of the United States, because I can do better than Simmons, and will not lose...\" \"What are those people doing up there?\" it was his daughter's turn to point. Tannen looked up again and noticed Ferris and his friends hanging off the ladder, which was descending rapidly towards the stage. It was in fact then that they let go and dropped to the stage. \"Afternoon, Senator Tannen,\" Ferris gave him a confident smile, \"Figured we'd just drop in given the occasion.\" \"But...you're...this...!?\" Tannen stammered for words. \"Don't worry, you backstabbing louse, you'll have plenty of time to tell both the press and my father everything,\" Natalie gave him a brutal glare, \"Go ahead, Ferris.\" \"With pleasure,\" Ferris gently pushed past Tannen to the microphone. \"Ladies and gentlemen, honored members of the free American press,\" he greeted the crowd, \"It is certainly true that Senator Robert Tannen rose from humble beginnings to the position he holds now. But he has not been on the level with you with how that journey has really affected him. You see, as can happen to the best of us, Senator Tannen has let power corrupt him, and we...\" \"Excuse me, son, but this is an official speech I'm trying to make here; I'll have to ask you to wait...!\" a pale Tannen tried to pull him away from the microphone. Jim grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him back. \"No respect for freedom of the press, Bob?\" he told the senator with a triumphal grin, \"As you were saying, Ferris?\" \"Of course. You've just met Jim Hobor, everyone, and despite holding a low position in the White House, he was a major help in the little investigation we've been taking part in,\" Ferris told the onlookers, \"We have found concrete evidence that Senator Tannen has engaged in a scheme to enrich himself at the expense of the property rights of his Illinois constituents, as well as a plot to frame...\" Loud screams in the crowd cut him off. He looked up seconds before the car rammed into the stage, shattering its front and sending Ferris toppling to the ground. Before he could recover, strong hands grabbed him and hurled him back up onto the stage. \"You thought you were going to get away from me, Ferris!? Not this time!\" an insane-looking Rooney roared, slamming a foot down on Ferris's chest. \"Now it's the end...!\" \"Ed, please, not here, not now, not this...!\" Tannen rushed forward to beg him. Rooney spun and casually popped the senator square in the kneecap. \"Yes, Bob, here and now, and neither you nor anyone else is going to stop me from enacting justice...don't anyone come near me!\" the principal warned the Capitol police rushing towards the platform, \"Throw down your guns right now, or I kill him now!\" Disgusted, the police dropped their weapons to the ground. \"Cover me!\" Rooney ordered Karkovice and the other gunmen, \"Don't let anyone near me till he's dead! Finally I win, Ferris! Time to die!\" he screamed at his wide-eyed student, jamming his Bushmaster right between Ferris's eyes and reaching for the trigger...[Chapter 13] \"No you don't!\" came a sudden shout. A large blur flew across the stage and grabbed hold of the gun just as Rooney was about to fire it, shoving the barrel upwards and sending the shot harmlessly skyward. \"Frye!?\" Rooney was stunned to find himself face to face with an enraged Cameron, \"What the hell are you doing, you miserable coward!?\" \"You're not shooting Ferris, Rooney!\" Cameron barked angrily, struggling to pull the gun out of the principal's hands, \"Not after all he's done for me, for everyone!\" \"Let go of this gun immediately, Frye, or I'll shoot you too!\" Rooney warned him, straining to maintain control of the firearm. Cameron, however, pulled it out of his grasp and took aim at Rooney. \"You're just a bully, Ed! I hate bullies! My father was a bully!\" he bellowed furiously, pressing the gun right between Rooney's eyes, \"Well bullies are nothing but cowards, Ed! They turn fear on everyone so they can ignore their own fear! And I'm not afraid of you anymore, just like I'm not afraid of my father!\" Rooney's eyes went wide at the gun pressed against his head. They quickly narrowed, however, as he declared, \"Well, if you want to shoot me, Frye, go right ahead. Go on, be the man you say you want to be, prove yourself strong. Go on, Frye, I dare you, go ahead and shoot!\" \"I really ought to, Ed! You tried to kill me, you tried to kill Ferris, you tried to kill Natalie, you almost killed half a dozen people on that interstate trying to get even with Ferris! As I see it, there's no reason I shouldn't pull this trigger!\" Cameron roared, reaching for it. \"Cameron, don't, please!\" Sloane rushed to his side, horrified. Cameron gave her a smile. \"Don't worry, Sloane; I'm not going to stoop to Rooney's level,\" he told her, dropping the Bushmaster to the stage floor, \"But I am going to do this...!\" He spun and kicked Rooney hard in the balls. Howling in agony, Rooney doubled over. Muttering furiously, he reached into his tuxedo's inner pocket, withdrew a revolver, and took aim at both Ferris and Cameron, but howled again and dropped this gun as a shot rang out. A second shot made him topple to the stage, clutching his leg. Police and Secret Service agents belatedly swarmed the stage, pinning the principal down, and then taking down Karkovice and his gang, who'd been watching the scene unfold in stunned silence. \"All right, buster, you're under arrest for attempted murder, in addition to God knows what else,\" one of the Secret Service men snapped at Rooney, cuffing him. \"Let go of me, you idiots! I've got to kill Ferris! He's a threat to Shermer High, to the entire country!\" Rooney ranted insanely, struggling around in the men's arms as they carried him off the stage, \"If he graduates, it's the end of America as we know it! For the love of God, let me go and let me kill him! You've been in league with him the whole time, haven't you!?\" he angrily accused Mr. Jacobson as he was carried past his subordinate, \"You and Ferris set me up to go down on this trip, didn't you!? You're fired, and I'm pressing civil charges...who the hell are you calling!?\" he noticed the cell phone in the teacher's hand. \"I've been on the line with the school board the whole time, Ed, as I warned you I would be if you lost it. They've got something to say to you,\" looking furious, Mr. Jacobson held up the phone in Rooney's face. \"ROONEY, YOU'RE FIRED!\" came the school board's angry shouts on the other end. \"The hell with all of you!\" Rooney barked back, spinning around so he could flash a pair of obscene gestures at the phone, \"You've been conspiring with Ferris all along too, haven't you!? Well I'm suing every last one of you! This massive conspiracy against me's going to be stopped, no matter what I have to do to get at every last one of you, and Ferris! This is...!\" \"Cork it, buddy; trying to kill your own students won't get you any sympathy from any of us!\" the leader of the police warned him, shoving the now ex-principal into the back of a waiting cruiser. On the stage, Ferris finally hauled himself to his feet. \"Cameron, I...I don't know what to say...thank you,\" he gratefully commended his friend. \"What the hell did I just do!?\" Cameron asked out loud, visibly stunned at his act of bravery. \"Cameron, you were amazing!\" Natalie rushed him and threw her arms around him, \"That was the bravest thing I've ever seen anyone do! I'm so proud of you!\" \"Uh...\" was all Cameron could manage. He turned towards Ferris, who mouthed with a smile, \"What did you do? You proved yourself to be exactly the man she thinks you are. Congratulations, buddy.\" \"Ladies and gentlemen,\" he approached the microphone again, \"The man you just met was Edward R. Rooney, who Senator Tannen here,\" he pointed to the senator, struggling to get back on his feet on his injured knee, \"was going to appoint as his chief of staff if he won the presidency. As I was about to say, we have hard evidence that Senator Tannen has been participating in a scheme to drive people out of their homes in the Chicago area so that businessmen he's been taking bribes from can...\" \"OK, well, that was all good and fun, folks,\" limping from his gunshot wound, Tannen tried to push past him to the microphone, \"Just a crazy stunt by all these kids to try and stand out on their field trip. I can assure you I'm not participating in anything illegal and...\" \"Oh really, Bob!?\" enraged, Hale stomped towards him, making Tannen go very pale at the sight of her, \"So I'm worth killing to make sure you have no scandals to work with!?\" \"Um...well...this...Kathleen, I...did I say...!?\" Tannen stumbled for words. \"What's the matter, Bob? At a loss for words when the pressure's on?\" President Simmons now stepped onto the platform himself, glaring at the senator, \"I've heard lots of bad rumors about you profiting off the misfortunes of your constituents, and that you were planning to frame me for it so you could get the party's nomination for the next election. Any comment on that!?\" \"That's...that's not true at all, Matt, I...I always respected...!\" Tannen stammered. \"Bob, what's going on here!?\" his wife stormed over and gave him a stern glare of her own, \"Have you been doing something behind my back...!?\" \"No, no, of course not, Joan; this is all a big misunderstanding...!\" \"On the contrary,\" Ferris approached the microphone again and waved Sloane forward, \"We have the confession of this man,\" he pointed to the now handcuffed Karkovice in the front row, \"That he took money from the bank run by Senator Tannen's brother, authorized by Senator Tannen, to clear out holdout property owners from neighborhoods that Prince Construction wanted to develop. Sloane my dear, if you please,\" he stepped back so Sloane could play back the incriminating conversation from early in the day on her phone. \"We also have, from Ronald Prince and Bert Tannen themselves, the addresses of the bank accounts the money was stashed in,\" he gestured Jim to bring forth the printouts, \"Plus a copy of the check given to Wilson Karkovice here-whom Jerry here,\" he now waved his other partner forward, \"Has positively identified as the man who attacked his father during one of the clearing-out operations. In addition, we also have phone records from Senator Tannen to Ronald Prince, which...\" \"OK son, this joke has gone far enough,\" Tannen seized the microphone away from him, \"I assure you I've never done any of the things you say I have, and I've never seen or spoken to this man before in my life,\" he gestured at Karkovice, \"And if I...\" \"Oh give it up, Bob; everything this young man says is true!\" Hale grabbed the microphone off him in a rage and turned to the crowd, \"He's been profiting from illicit funds for the last three years off Prince Construction projects, and he's about to do the same for Coakley Coal! He's going to run people out of their houses in southern Illinois so they can strip mine a state park illegally! I'll testify to everything in court; as his secretary, I've seen and heard everything!\" \"Kathleen, please, no..!\" a white-faced Tannen begged her frantically. \"And by the way,\" Hale stormed up to Mrs. Tannen, \"He's been having an affair with me for the last year and a half. Said you didn't thrill him anymore and would be glad to be rid of you. And he ordered Mr. Karkovice there,\" she pointed at him, \"To kill me this morning to cover up the affair. Thought you ought to know.\" \"Uh oh, someone's in big trouble now,\" Ferris declared, rubbing his hands together. \"It's a lie, Joan, she's...!\" Tannen tried to plead to his wife, but got only a cold slap across the face for his troubles. \"How the hell could you, Bob, after twenty years!?\" she furiously tore into him. \"It's...this...I'm...!\" \"Forget it! I never want to see you again! Let's go!\" Mrs. Tannen grabbed her children's hands and led them rapidly off stage. \"Joan, please, no, I can explain!\" Tannen frantically tried to run after her, \"This isn't what it looks like, honest, I swear! I love you more than anything...!\" \"Far enough, Senator,\" Capitol police blocked his path, \"Everything that's been brought up is probable cause for arrest.\" \"But...but I haven't done anything wrong, I swear...!\" \"I'll turn state's evidence,\" Karkovice spoke up loudly from the front of the stand, \"He hired me; I'll testify for a lower sentence.\" \"You were saying about a mistake, Bob!?\" the president walked over and glared at him, \"This seems proof positive to me. Anything to say for yourself!?\" Tannen's mouth hung open, but no sound came out. \"What he means to say,\" Ferris picked up the pace, \"Is that he would have gotten away with it if it hadn't been for us meddling kids. Jerry, a few words of your own?\" he handed the microphone to his friend. Jerry stormed up to Tannen. \"On behalf of my dad, take that, you crook,\" he told Tannen coldly. \"Let's go, Senator,\" the police started to lead Tannen off the platform towards a waiting cruiser; others on street level rounded up and led off Karkovice and his cronies as well. \"Shermer High Drama Club, all together now,\" Ferris waved them onto the platform, \"A one, a two: goodbye, Bobby, well goodbye, Bobby,\" he led them in a variation of Hello, Dolly's main song, \"it's so nice to see you go where you belong, so, enjoy your cell, Bobby; hope they don't treat you well, Bobby; Bobby'll never come back here again!\" The song got a few claps from the crowd, still clearly in shock from everything that had gone down. President Simmons now approached the podium. \"Well, I guess there's not much more I could say,\" he told the assembled crowd, \"Except of course to thank everyone who helped to expose this plot,\" he gestured at Ferris and the others. \"Their initiative to bring Senator Tannen's scheme to light is highly commendable. I have something to admit: since I became president, I lost track of the average working people out there. I got so engulfed by this job that it took over every bit of my mind, my life. In short, I almost became what Bob Tannen seems to have become. I forgot what was truly important,\" he shot a regretful glance back at his daughter, \"But thanks to what these kids and everyone else have done, now I see more clearly again that what truly makes America great is the hearts of its everyday citizens, young and old. And I pledge to restart my presidency to really try and help Americans who need it. Should anyone in the party wish to run a primary campaign against me, they're free to do so, but now, I feel like I'm a wiser man, a man who knows the right thing to do for the most possible people now. Thank you, and God bless America.\" He got a reasonably steady applause from the crowd, which started to slowly disperse. He then bustled over towards Ferris and the others. \"As I said, thank you, all of you, for bringing this to light,\" he thanked them, \"If there's anything I can do to reward you all...\" \"Oh no, Mr. President, no rewards are necessary,\" Ferris told him, \"Just being able to help and get justice for Jerry's family and anyone else Tannen might have hurt is reward enough for us. Besides, it's Jim Hobor here you should really thank,\" he pointed to the White House staffer, \"He first realized something was up after he happened upon the Tannen's phone records and decided to follow up on it. He told me that himself.\" \"Huh?\" Jim frowned, confused. \"Well, Jim, good job,\" Simmons commended him, \"I think this calls for at least a major promotion; clearly you're a more valuable member of our team than your current position would have it.\" \"Uh, well...t-t-thank you, Mr. President, sir,\" Jim stammered, grateful. \"Thank YOU. You all right, honey?\" the president turned to Natalie and hugged her. \"Yeah I am, Dad. I'm so glad you came back,\" she said, tears of joy flowing to have him back. \"Like I said on the phone, Natalie, I'm so sorry about everything. I'm going to be a better father going forward, I promise. I hope you had a great birthday-it looked like you did. If you want, we can throw another party tonight...\" \"Nah, we don't need to, Dad. Truth is, I had the best day of my life yesterday, thanks to Cameron and his friends,\" she smiled at him. \"Who?\" her father looked up. \"Uh, Cameron Frye, Mr. President, sir,\" Cameron stepped forward with a nervous expression, \"We, uh, just happened to cross paths with Natalie, and, uh...\" \"Cameron saved me from drowning while you were gone,\" Natalie picked up for him, \"And he gave me a big ring for my birthday too...\" \"Drowning!?\" the president turned pale, \"Oh my God...if that had happened...!\" he hugged his daughter tight again, \"Now I'm doubly glad I left that summit...well, young man, I have to insist on a reward for you,\" he turned to Cameron with a grateful expression, \"So what do you want more than anything in the world?\" \"Well, uh, sir, nothing that you can give...\" Cameron mumbled, glancing at Natalie. \"Cameron's been in love with Natalie since he saw her on TV for the first time, Mr. President sir,\" Ferris cut in, \"Now he doesn't mean to intrude, but just being able to spend the rest of our senior trip here at the White House with her would be reward enough for him. In fact, to be completely honest, our whole class spent last night here after our original lodging plans fell through, so...\" \"Say no more. You and your class are welcome to stay here as long as you want,\" Simmons declared, smiling warmly at Cameron, \"You seem like a fine young man indeed, Cameron Frye.\" \"He's the bravest and sweetest boy I've ever known, Dad,\" Natalie put an arm around Cameron, who managed a deep smile for once. \"Well, why don't we go in and celebrate your birthday in some way-I feel I really need to do something,\" the president led his daughter towards the gate, \"I don't want to miss anything else.\" \"I appreciate it, Dad. Come on, everyone,\" Natalie waved Ferris and Sloane to follow them. \"Come on,\" Ferris turned and waved the other Shermer High seniors to follow him in turn. \"I just love it when everything comes together,\" he told Sloane with a firm nod. \"And I love it that Cameron finally found the right girl,\" Sloane smiled happily at Cameron and Natalie leaning against each other in front of them, \"He deserves it, even if you had to inflate him to her a bit.\" \"Hey, I knew he had it in him. I just had to help goad it to the surface and let him do the rest,\" Ferris said, \"Well, anyway, there's still so much left to do on this trip while we have the time: first of course, we have to try out Natalie's zip line, and I want to play a round in the White House bowling alley. Then we've got to finish up at the Air and Space Museum and the Capitol with what we didn't get to see there before. Plus, I'd like to see Mount Vernon, take in Arlington National Cemetery, visit a few more of the Smithsonian museums, and I think Woodrow Wilson's house in the city sounds good... \"What do you know?\" Jeannie managed a small smile back in Shermer at the sight of Tannen being driven away from the White House in a cruiser, \"He actually pulled the whole thing off...\" The front door opened. \"We're back, honey,\" her father announced, entering the kitchen with several bags of groceries, \"How'd the chase end?\" \"Um...well, they cut away,\" Jeannie said quickly, glancing at the set as if expecting Ferris to be on there, but the feed had cut back to a studio anchor, \"Senator Tannen just got exposed as a crook who was taking bribes; they decided that was more important to cover.\" \"Oh did he now?\" Mrs. Bueller stared at the screen, \"Oh well, with how corrupt every politician in this state is, it's not a surprise. Well, help us re-set everything up outside, Jeannie; we're not done with the Chiniches yet.\" ONE MONTH LATER... \"...a spectacular fall from grace concludes, as Senator Bob Tannen and eight other co-defendants, including his brother Bert Tannen, construction magnate Ronald Prince, and coal baron Jimmy Coakley, were indicted on a multitude of charges, including racketeering and bribery,\" the WLS news anchor reported on the Buellers' television set, \"Once poised to make a run for the presidency, Tannen today resigned his Senate seat in disgrace. In a somewhat surprising move, Governor Haroldson named as an interim appointee to the seat current White House assistant deputy director of media relations Jim Hobor, a native of Rockford, who was reportedly a participant in the efforts to expose Tannen's crimes...\" \"And we toast the best possible man to hold the job,\" Ferris raised a glass of Coca-Cola towards the screen, which switched to an interview of Jim telling reporters that, even if his appointment would be short, he was committed to genuinely doing his best for the people of Illinois as a senator, \"Congratulations, Mr. President, for giving him this as a reward. And I know someone's doubly happy that this is how it all turned out...\" he turned with a smile to Jerry in the chair next to him. \"More than you can know, Ferris. So let me just say thank you so much for everything you've done for me,\" Jerry told him gratefully, \"I'm sorry I ever doubted you...\" \"Hey, when Ferris says he's going to help someone, you can always trust him to come through,\" Sloane told him, having a sip of her own soda. \"Then why am I still waiting for my promised reward, Ferris!?\" Jeannie grilled him with a glare from the doorway. \"Patience, Jeannie, patience. I put in for it,\" Ferris assured her. \"Put in for what!?\" \"You'll see. And for extra good news...\" Ferris grinned at the screen, where the reporter was now continuing: \"...in related news, former Shermer High School principal Edward R. Rooney was also indicted today on twelve counts of attempted murder, including several against his own students, as well as a plethora of additional charges from reckless endangerment to illegal use of firearms without a permit, all committed during a wild rampage on the Washington, D.C. interstate system. He faces a maximum of several decades in prison; Rooney's attorney has been pleading for lesser time in jail after raising questions about the former principal's sanity. The Shermer school board had no comment other than to reiterate that Rooney is no longer connected with their school in any capacity, and that they had appointed Mr. Thomas Jacobson, a long time teacher in the district, as the interim principal until a more permanent candidate can be found. In other news...\" \"And so the tyranny ends,\" Ferris raised his glass again, \"First Mr. Vernon gets shown the door, and now no more Mr. Rooney either. The school's now free for everyone to express themselves, which I hope next year's senior class will take the chance to do,\" he gave Sloane a knowing wink. \"We'll do the best we can, I promise that, Ferris,\" she grinned back. \"Do what?\" Mr. Bueller came down the stairs. \"Mr. Rooney's facing hard time for his rampage in Washington,\" Cameron explained, looking less happy than everyone else. \"I'm not surprised,\" Mrs. Bueller shook her head, entering the room behind her husband, \"That man always seemed a step away from the edge. Do you believe that when you were sick that day in the spring, Ferris, he called me up at work to insist you were skipping school?\" she told her son, \"I told him I had no idea where he'd gotten that idea from, and now I still don't know where he came up with it.\" \"I don't know what he was thinking either, Mom,\" Ferris shrugged innocently while Jeannie rolled her eyes in disgust, \"Mr. Rooney always seemed to be utterly paranoid to me.\" \"I'd believe it,\" she agreed, \"Shermer High's better off without him. And I thought I heard upstairs that Senator Tannen's going to jail too. I know that makes someone happy,\" she turned to Jerry. \"It does, Mrs. Bueller. In fact, I forgot to mention earlier, my dad's been hired for the construction company that's going to redevelop the neighborhood again; it's an office job on the site, so he won't have to overexert himself, and it pays well,\" Jerry told her excitedly, \"So it looks like I won't have to give up college after all.\" \"That's wonderful,\" Mr. Bueller beamed, \"Good to know that...\" He was interrupted by the doorbell ringing. \"Now who could that be?\" he frowned, bustling over to it. A well-dressed man was waiting outside when he opened it. \"Can I help you?\" he asked, confused. \"Mr. Tom Bueller, father of Ferris and Jeannie Bueller?\" the newcomer asked. \"Yes. What do you...?\" \"I'm authorized to deliver the following gifts to them,\" the man turned and pointed to the driveway. Ferris ran to the window, and rubbed his hands in delight. For sitting outside in the driveway were two brand new Ferarris. \"Oh no,\" Cameron groaned behind him, \"I told you I never wanted to see another Ferrari as long as I lived, Ferris...!\" \"I don't believe it...\" Jeannie was stunned, stumbling out the door, \"He actually came through...\" \"Who came through? Who are these from?\" Mr. Bueller asked the man with a perplexed expression. \"He wished to remain anonymous, Mr. Bueller,\" the man told him, \"He knew your kids wanted new cars, however, and this is his way of saying thank you to them.\" \"Um, well, we appreciate it,\" an equally confused Mrs. Bueller stepped outside as well, \"I don't know what might have brought this about...we took away Jeannie's car after she skipped school a few months ago, so...\" \"Oh, you're still upset over that, Mom? Then I should tell you, she told me afterwards, she left that day because she was worried about me and wanted to check up on me,\" Ferris explained quickly. \"She did?\" Mrs. Bueller stared at her daughter. \"Uh...yeah, yeah, that's why I was out of school, Mom; I wanted to check on him,\" Jeannie nodded rapidly, \"I didn't say anything because of how mad you were...if you want to give this one back...\" \"Oh no, I think we can keep it,\" Mrs. Bueller turned to her husband, who nodded, \"If you'd just said you'd come back to check on Ferris then, maybe we wouldn't have...I guess we have been carrying out the punishment too long. You can have the car, Jeannie.\" \"Thanks,\" Jeannie's face lit up. \"This one's yours,\" the man pointed to the one on the right, \"You're is this one,\" he told Ferris, pointing to the other one, \"Be sure to check the glove compartment before you drive it. Congratulations on graduating high school. Good day, everyone,\" he bade the Buellers farewell before sauntering off to his own car. \"Well, this is sure a pleasant surprise,\" Mr. Bueller declared, examining the cars up close, \"But I guess it's well-deserved-certainly my boy deserves the best for graduating,\" he rubbed Ferris's shoulder warmly, \"Well, let's go get ready,\" he checked his watch, \"The Fourth of July fireworks start in forty-five minutes, and parking's going to be at a premium.\" \"Give me a hand with the cooler, Tom; I packed it pretty full,\" Mrs. Bueller asked him. She and her husband bustled back indoors. \"Ferris, I don't know what to say...\" Jeannie approached her brother, looking genuinely grateful. \"I may twist the truth sometimes, but a promise is a promise, Jeannie. I told you I was grateful for you bailing me out when Rooney had me in his grasp, and this is the proof,\" Ferris gestured at her Ferrari, \"Besides, you were a big help in bringing Tannen down, and didn't I say you had a reward coming for that? So are we even now?\" \"Well, it's a start,\" she frowned again, \"But it's a good start. Thank you, Ferris, and I mean it honestly.\" \"Jeannie, come give us a hand with the refreshments,\" he mother called from inside the house. Rolling her eyes, Jeannie nonetheless trudged back inside. \"He said to check the glove compartment,\" Ferris opened the driver's side door of his Ferrari, \"Let's see what else the president's giving us as a reward...\" He popped open the glove compartment and extracted a piece of paper. \"For you,\" he handed it to Jerry. Jerry's eyes went wide at the sight of it. \"He got me accepted to Northwestern's medical school, and paid off all the tuition!\" he exclaimed happily. \"Wonderful,\" Sloane commended him, \"Now you can be a doctor after all. And what else...scholarships for you and Cameron!\" she exclaimed to Ferris as he extracted two more pieces of paper from the glove compartment. \"Looks like it...and one for you too when you graduate,\" Ferris handed one to her as well, \"Sure, school might be a drag lots of the time, but college can probably be...everything OK, Cam?\" he asked his friend, who still looked glum, \"You still miss her, don't you?\" \"To be honest, yeah. But what good was it going to be? She has her world, and I have mine,\" Cameron mumbled sadly, \"I knew it didn't have long term legs...\" \"But you enjoyed it, didn't you?\" Sloane pressed him. \"Yeah. It was wonderful. And it was great to know she genuinely cared for me. But...\" \"No buts here, Cameron. Tis better to have aimed high and failed to fully accomplish the goal then never to have tried at all, especially in love,\" Ferris assured him, \"And..\" he dug deeper into the glove compartment, \"It looks like she sent along something as well for you...\" He handed a heart-shaped box of chocolates with an envelope attached to his friend. Cameron rapidly opened the envelope and read the letter inside. Ferris leaned over his shoulder to read himself: DEAR CAMERON: THANK YOU FOR THE GREATEST BIRTHDAY A GIRL COULD HAVE. I'LL ALWAYS BE GRATEFUL FOR THAT, AS WELL AS YOU SAVING ME. LET ME KNOW WHERE YOU'RE GOING TO COLLEGE; THAT'S WHERE I'D LIKE TO COMMIT. CONTACT ME AT THE PHONE NUMBER AND E-MAIL ADDRESS BELOW ANY TIME. YOURS TRULY, NATALIE. Cameron sniffed happily. \"She didn't forget...\" he mumbled happily. \"How could she when you clearly made a strong difference in her life?\" Sloane put her arm around him with a smile, \"You've hooked a great girl, Cameron Frye.\" \"Indeed he has,\" Ferris patted him on the shoulder. He climbed into the Ferrari and slid into the driver's seat. \"I love it when a plan comes together.\" \"And it was a great plan, Ferris,\" Jerry thanked him once more, \"Well,\" he checked his watch, \"I've got to get going; it's my job to drive Dad to work. Thank you again, all of you, for everything,\" he commended Ferris and his friends. \"Glad to help, Jerry Greenfield,\" Ferris told him with a grin. He watched Jerry walk off up the street, while Sloane and Cameron went back inside the Bueller house, answering his father's call for more assistance. He sighed happily and leaned back in the Ferrari's driver's seat, his arms folded behind his head. \"I've said it before, and I'll say it once more for old time's sake,\" he declared, looking up as if to wish farewell to a friend, \"Life moves by pretty fast; if you don't stop and look around once and while, you might miss it. But if you don't make the best of it and use it for good, you're only squandering it. So make the best of your lives, for the benefit of everyone you know. Well, that's all folks; that's the end of the story. Might as well head on home now...\" THE END ","Summary":" MR. BUELLER GOES TO WASHINGTON BY BOB WRIGHT AUTHOR'S NOTE: Ferris Bueller's Day Off and all relate"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"A Change in Direction","Author":"Christophine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12831534","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Change in Direction Summary: \"But...I'm not supposed to be...human...\" Toaster embarks on a new journey; one not of her own making. Chapter 1: Life is Like a Journey on a Road that's Within \"…Glad to be home again. Still glad we went…\" The Toaster crooned, bouncing along in the trunk of the van as it drove over bumpy back roads. She knew singing was risky with the humans so near, but she just couldn't help herself. They'd had such a lovely time. The Master and Mistress had finally taken a holiday; they'd splurged to rent a little cabin by the lake: the perfect, quiet place to celebrate July, with its cool late evening and fireworks streaming over the lake. To Toaster's delight, the Master had insisted on bringing her and the friends. \"Just can't be parted, can you?\" the Mistress had teased, bouncing the little master on her hip as the Master loaded Toaster into the van. \"Hey, you never know when you might need them!\" The Master had smiled at his reflection in Toaster's chrome, and immediately stuck out his tongue per their old tradition. Toaster had loved it. The trip had been lovely; so peaceful with the little family so close by all the time. Just like the cabin. Sometimes-she wouldn't admit it to anyone for the world- she felt lost in the big house, separated from all her friends and her master for so long. She never wanted any of it to end. The memories carried her through the ride home. The new van with its open trunk had allowed her to spend as much time with her family as well as her friends. While Radio jammed from his spot between the front seat (the Master insisted that it had better stations than the van radio), Lampy dozed from the box of odds and ends in the passenger seat by the little Master's car seat. She could hear the little Master giggling, and could only guess what Blanky was doing to entertain him. And Kirby. Toaster turned an eye towards the vacuum, spotting him smiling as he rested against the seat. Even Kirby, stolid and silent, appeared peacefully content. \"Enjoying yourself?\" Toaster teased. He didn't answer right away. He seemed lost in whatever lovely daydream had swept him away. Toaster called him gently before finally getting his attention. His eyes snapped open, and the smile, so unexpectedly content, vanished into his usual frown. \"Now, what'd you stop for?\" he demanded, under his breath. Toaster blinked. \"Stop? Stop what?\" A blush darkened Kirby's chrome, and he mumbled as he averted his eyes. Toaster sidled closer. \"What was that?\" \"I said your singing.\" He was still mumbling, but at least Toaster heard him that time. \"My singing?\" She watched him curiously before breaking into a smile. \"You liked it?\" He grumbled. \"It beats what that wavehead is playing.\" \"It's not so bad.\" The tune wafting from the front seat was unfamiliar to her, though its catchy beat reminded her of the oldies the master adored. \"If the master likes it, it can't be that bad.\" \"He's got good taste, I'll give him that.\" The vaccumm heaved a deep sigh. \"But I'll sure be glad to get home. Again.\" \"Why? I thought you had fun!\" Kirby humphed and rolled his brush. \"It's all well and good for humans to go somewhere new. But appliances like me need somewhere stable to be, doing what we do best.\" Toaster smirked and shook her head at the vacuum. \"You just don't enjoy anything new, do you?\" she asked, fondly. \"I wasn't made to try anything new,\" Kirby retorted, looking at her at last. Looking down at her, anyway, in that condescending frown he'd perfected. \"And neither were you. We've had enough adventures to last us a life time, and now I want some real peace in my own home, doing what I was made to do.\" He closed his eyes. A faint smile took the place of his frown, as though the memory of the country house that had been their home for the last year was soothing to his mind. \"I like that, too.\" Toaster hesitated. \"But…\" One of Kirby's eyes shot open. \"But what?\" he demanded. The sight of fireworks shooting over the lake like magic rose before her mind. Watching from the window of the rented lake hut, she had seen them burst and sparkle right over the heads of her master and mistress, the two of them sitting close together while the little master ran from one to the other in excitement. It was a lovely scene, one that wouldn't quite leave her mind. \"Just once,\" she murmured, closing her eyes against Kirby's scrutinizing glare to listen to her Master speak and her Mistress answer with a laugh. \"Just once, it might be nice…\" And then the pain engulfed her. Relentless pain burnt at Toaster's core as it tore its way through every inch of her. A terrible rhythm beat its way inside, rivalling even the agony clawing at her head. Her chest heaved as she gasped for breath. Breath… breath…She was breathing? She was breathing. Voices floated around her head, swarming like drones . \"Pulse low…\" \"…Shock…\" \"…CCs…\" She squeezed her eyelids, forcing them to open. The floor underneath her spun; streams of yellow lights rushed above her. She tried to move, to right herself against it, and her hand jerked out under the blanket covering her… … Hand …? Even in the midst of Toaster's pain, her mind fixated that odd word. Hand. Hand. And as the floor and lights finally ceased rushing, she could feel herself raising what appeared to be an arm, bending an elbow, and lifting a brown hand toward her eyes. As she willed it, one of the fingers moved…another… Am I…Am I moving them…? A white hand appeared and grasped the wrist; Toaster could feel the warm fingers pressing against skin, even with the terrible throbbing that wracked her. She could see the voices now: Humans. Humans swarmed around the room. Around the bed. Around her… A light flashed in her eyes. Toaster shrieked and turned away, looking to the man bending over her, watching her. But, he couldn't be looking at her. He just couldn't be. And she couldn't be looking back at him. Her protective instinct should have snapped in to keep her still and undetected against human eyes. But there she was, looking up at him and gasping as his mouth moved deliberately under its thick mustache. \"…Hear me…Can you…hear me…?\" Toaster stared dumbly. No, He couldn't be speaking to her. Humans never spoke to her…they…the appliance code stopped them... She screamed as the agony became too much. She struggled in the bed and felt that strange hand that wasn't hers fall on the blanket. \"…Losing consciousness…\" That human hand…a human hand… \"M-Master…\" she whimpered before collapsing. \"…Vitals fine…Pulse steady…\" \"…She seems confused…\" The doctor and on -call nurse continued discussing her condition outside of the curtains. Inside, tucked into the hospital bed, Toaster only paid them half a mind as she practiced breath in and out. The pain had dulled, as she had found waking for the second time, leaving only a soft beat that played its rhythm inside of her. From the discussion outside, she gleaned that the medical team couldn't understand what had caused her so much agony when she regained consciousness that first time. Only now, with her mind clear and her senses righted again, did she even begin to grasp what had hurt her. Not the cuts along her form or the blow to the back of her head, though it still caused dizziness when she tried to sit up. They were healing nicely, or so the last nurse had claimed. The true pain…well, it didn't surprise her now that she that she could think clearly, nor was she bemused that the humans still couldn't guess. Who would believe that a heart beating for the first time could cause so much torment? And that was what it was thudding against her now, its steady rhythm still filling her ears as clearly as the beeping from the monitor nearby. A heart. A human heart. Toaster swallowed. As she had done before when they had rushed her to the emergency room, she drew her hand from the blankets. Turning it back and forth before her eyes, she studied the short pearly nails and veins that spread like streams across the brown skin. Freeing her other hand, she ran each finger down the length of her wrists and arms, cautious with the still sensitive scratches and careful to avoid the IV taped to her left arm. She traced the short tubes that stretched out from the monitor, following them under the hospital gown to the circles taped to her chest. She breathed in, feeling the chest fill and released it when her lungs pleaded. Only one thought filled her mind, punctuated with each beat of that strange new heart. Human. She was human…she was human…she was human… The curtain rustled as a nurse stepped inside. Toaster quickly dropped her hands against the bed and lay still, watching her bustle around the machines nearby. It wasn't that she was afraid of her, or any of the others that came near. The medical staff had spoken gently and calmly from the moment she'd woken, never raising their voices or making any move without informing her. It was just that she couldn't understand… \"Honey?\" The nurse was near bending near her. \"Honey, are you ready to tell me your name?\" Toaster squirmed at the touch of the hand on her shoulder. Even under the flimsy protection of the thin gown, she could feel the fingers warm and beating. She studied the nurse's smile, swallowing again. \"Um…\" The voice that emerged was hers. She could hear it plainly. But for all that, she shook at how easily it emerged. She'd never talked to a human before. \"Do you remember your name, Sweetie?\" The nurse rubbed her shoulder. Name? \"I'm the..uh…\" Toaster. She caught the word before it escaped. Toaster. I'm the toaster . And yet it wasn't true anymore. But she was. No. You're human. And that sensible part of her that still remained of the toaster reminded her in silent glimpses of the world she knew that no human would ever, could ever, understand. But what else could she say to the woman waiting so patiently? Her eyes darted around the curtains at either side of the bed, desperate for inspiration. \"The uh…the uh…\" \"Thea?\" The nurse prompted. \"Your name is Thea?\" What? Toaster blinked. What was a thea? She studied the woman who smiled so encouragingly at her. \"Um…Yes?\" She cocked her head and ended up having to blow tendrils of hair from her mouth. \"Thea.\" The hand left her shoulder, and Toaster watched her scribble something across a notepad. She smiled again, bending down to Toaster's level. \"It's good to meet you, Thea. How are you feeling?\" Odd. Terrified. Amused. Confused. \"…Fine? Just fine.\" She tried to mimic the nurse's smile, but only felt her cheeks ache from the stretch. The nurse raised an eyebrow. \"Well, that's good. I'm just going to check your vitals before your doctor comes. Okay?\" \"O-okay.\" Toaster tried hard to remain still, but she jumped with every movement the nurse made. She'd snuck in enough TV dramas to recall hospitals and words like \"vitals\" and \"stethoscope\". Having those things touch her were quite a different matter. She breathed when told, held an electric stick under her tongue, looked straight into a tiny light, and allowed her arm to be squeezed by a nearby machine. She wondered why, just as she always did when she watched those medical dramas, humans did this to each other. What were they looking for? The nurse finished up just as the front curtain drew back, and a burly bearded man popped his head in. \"Hey-lo, Hey-lo.\" Toaster recognized the man who had squeezed her wrist and asked if she could hear him. He smiled as widely as the nurse, flourishing a pen out of his pocket. \"I see we're awake now.\" \"Oh, have you been sleeping here, too?\" Toaster asked before she could catch herself. \"Well…\" The doctor exchanged looks with the nurse as she quietly handed over her clipboard. \"Well…yes, in a way…\" He studied the clipboard. \"Thea?\" \"Yes, that's me,\" Toaster quickly answered. That must have been too quick, she realized, as the two humans exchanged glances. The pen clicked again as the doctor tucked it into his pocket. He eased down onto the stool by the bed and bent forward so that his hands rested on his knees and his eyes looked directly into her face. She wanted to hide under the blankets. \"Thea, do you know where you are?\" Toaster shook her head. He named some hospital; one she had never heard of before. She shook her head again. Even in the rare times when she had travelled she had never paid attention to things like hospitals and stores. \"That's okay,\" he said, his voice calm. \"Do you remember how you came here?\" Toaster froze. Her heart- that new, strange heart-began to clamor in her chest. \"How…how I came here…?\" How exactly was she supposed to know? How was a toaster supposed to know anything like that? Her mind raced for an answer, as much for her own sake as for the benefit of the humans watching. How had this happened? \"Do you remember the accident?\" Accident? Toaster wrapped her arms around herself. Accident…Something clicked. She closed her eyes. An accident…back in the van… Kirby didn't answer her question; perhaps he hadn't heard her after all. It didn't matter anyway. Soon after their conversation ended, the van pulled into the driveway. \" The van's low on gas,\" the Mistress said, popping her door open. \" I told you we should have stopped,\" the Master replied. \" I know, I know. But Robbie needs a diaper change, and I need to stretch. Just unload the car and I'll drive down later.\" \" Nah, don't worry.\" The Master hefted himself into the driver's seat as the Mistress popped open the sliding side door. \"I'll take it down.\" \" You sure?\" The Mistress unbuckled the little master from his car chair and swung Blanky over her shoulder. \" Yeah. It'll just take ten minutes. I'll unload everything when I get back.\" \" You are so good.\" From the space between the car side and the backseat, Toaster could see them share a kiss. The van backed out and returned to bumping along the gravel road. Lampy moaned, and Kirby muttered about needing fresh carpet. \" Don't worry,\" she had whispered to them. \"We'll be home soon. Just hang on a little while.\" And then? Then what had happened? She didn't know. She had drifted off into some pleasant thought, playing her old game of toasting imaginary bread. And then the car swerved. The Master shouted. Toaster crashed against the van's side as everything tumbled head over heels…boxes, suitcases…glass shattering around her as her friends cried out… And she felt herself floating in darkness as it all ceased; still and alone. Then the pain began. She screamed as it tore through her. She retched. When she could open her eyes, she saw the van on its side…ditch…smoke rising…Red hair beside the wheels… Oh, no…oh, no! Suffering under the pain's grip, aching from colliding with the gravel road, she reached out for him. Her Master...not moving…not moving… \" Kirby. Lampy.\" She choked on the smoke flooding from the van. No one answered. There was no one there, except the master. Why wasn't he moving? She can't…she can't…She had to…She stretched out, felt herself grab his shirt and pull, pull with all her might under he was free from the van… \"Thea. It's alright, Thea.\" Toaster started with a gasp as the doctor pulled her hands away from her eyes. She stared from him to the nurse. When had she covered her face? There was concern in the doctor's eyes, though his smile stayed intact as he took her hand between both of his. \"It's alright. You don't have to remember. You've been through a very traumatic experience.\" \"I…I…\" Toaster couldn't quite find the words. Even as she glanced down to her hand, she remembered clearly seeing it grab the Master's shirt, tug him out from underneath the car, and cling to him. \"I…I saved him…\" she whispered. She pulled her hand from the doctor and held it up in front of her eyes again. \"I saved him…\" \"Yes, you did.\" He patted her shoulder, his voice light. \"You saved the driver. You're a hero.\" \"No.\" Toaster shook her head, feeling hair swish over her face. \"No, I saved him… like this.\" She thrust the hand in front of the doctor's face. She had been human in the accident. She had touched her Master with human hands. Yes… But, no! That couldn't be. She had been a toaster when the car…turned? Tumbled? She had been a toaster…then turned human? \"But that makes no sense!\" Her head began to pound, and she clutched at it with a moan, accidently tugging at the IV. \"That's alright. That's alright.\" The doctor tried to take her hand again, but she tore it away. \"No!\" she screamed, causing both humans to jump. \"You don't understand! This isn't supposed to happen!\" She shoved him when he tried to reach for her again and slapped back the nurse who was trying to comfort her. Human…not human…human…not human… \"I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HUMAN!\" Another nurse bustled past the curtain at the Doctor's call. Toaster threw her arms up to shield herself, but couldn't fight off the three of them as they held her down. Suddenly, the fight left her as a warm, drowsy sensation washed through her, quieting even the beating heart. She blinked her eyes to stay awake, and managed to spot a fourth nurse fiddling with a bag connected to her IV. Toaster barely heard the doctor reassuring her that they would talk again when she felt better. \"But…I'm not supposed to be… human…\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Head Says You Should Stay, But Your Heart Says to Begin His first sensations were voices; shouting. They washed over him, filling the heavy darkness with their confusion. The acrid stench of smoke choked him, and his mind clawed for relief. Then, a sudden chill snapped him awake. The voices were gone. The stench subsided. The milky sky rose above him; he could feel ground, firm and cold, beneath him. Where was he? Where was the van? His master…? Throbbing pulsed through his ears, punctuating his agony. He strained against it as he tried to rise, tried to find... Through vision blurred by red haze, he saw the van on its side, its hood wrenched open, and its windows shattered. Smoke from the engine streamed silently upward. No…no…his friends…his master… With an anguished cry, he groped for a hold on the ground. Grass tore as he grasped at it, and he collapsed several times before finally pushing himself upward. He swayed as he stumbled forward, clutching at his head before the touch of warm blood stopped him in his tracks. But it wasn't the sight of blood on his fingers, or the way it trickled down the side of his head. It was the sight of fingers that moved when he willed them, and the realization that he stood on legs that weren't his own. His breathing quickened, and his vision swam. \"Oh, good God! It's another one!\" He glanced up at the new voice, peering forward to see figures scrambling down the ditch towards him. A tow truck was perched at the very edge of the ditch, where workers had been connecting its hitch to the van. \"Mister, can you hear me?\" One worker reached had reached him. He could feel gloved hands grabbing him, persuading him to sit. \"Someone grab that blanket! He's stark naked!\" \"Again? How many of those nudists are out here?\" \"Shut up, you dumbass, and call another ambulance! He's in shock!\" Humans…humans…His breath quickened, and the pulse became too much to bear. He wavered for good, falling back into oblivion. \"…No match from the database. No birth records, or fingerprints…\" Toaster roused from sleep as the low words continued. Her eyes tried to open, but her body felt too warm and content nestled in the bed. Even the panic that began nagging her again seemed miniscule compared with her comfort. \"Does the name Masters ring any bells for you?\" \"Masters?\" \"That's the name she kept telling paramedics. It might not be her name, though.\" \"No one has called about her?\" Toaster's fuzzy mind insisted that she recognized that second voice. Something about cabins and soft white bread and waiting…searching…for the… \"We've checked the police station for missing persons. No one seems to match her description.\" \"She couldn't just have appeared out of nowhere, no clothes or anything!\" That voice was familiar, too. Toaster scrunched her face and blinked a few times. Driving and don't like that music and Robbie… \"Rob, are sure you don't recognize her?\" Rob. Toaster's heart leaped with the name. She willed her eyes to clear as she clutched at the sheets. There were three people standing near the half drawn curtain. She could see her doctor's broad shoulder and white coat, and beyond him stood the mistress, clear as a bell, clinging to the arm of the… \"Chris, I already said no. I don't even know where she could have come from. I swear, there was no one else on the road.\" The Master! Toaster struggled to sit up. The IV tugged cruelly at her arm, but she bit her lip to fight it back. \"It's you!\" she cried. Immediately, the couple's eyes shot to her, and the doctor's arm drew the curtain back completely. For a brief moment, Toaster didn't notice the surprise that crossed her master's face, and barely registered the sling cradling his right arm or the bandages across his head and cheek. She only saw that it was him; he was alive. \"Oh, it's you!\" she exclaimed again, tears forming at her eyes. \"And you're alright!\" \"Oh, yeah. Yeah.\" The Master hesitantly moved past his wife and the doctor to stand near the bed. \"I'm…I'm great. And, um…\" He cocked his head to one side and pushed his glasses further up on his nose as he looked down at her. \"How…how are you doing?\" Toaster laughed. She couldn't help herself. All her confusion disappeared at once. \"I'm great! I don't think I've ever felt better.\" New energy and excitement bubbled inside her. She was talking to the Master. She was actually talking to him, face to face. And he was listening to her; answering her. Every single word. \"Well, that's good.\" He smiled; nervously, but he smiled at her all the same. \"It's wonderful!\" she exclaimed. \"Well, she sure seems to know you.\" The Mistress was at his side again, eyeing Toaster as she clasped the Master's arm. \"Right. But I've never…\" The Master hesitated. \"Um…they tell me-us-your name is Thea? Thea Masters?\" Thea what? Toaster nodded anyway. \"Thea, I know this might be a strange question: do you remember how you know me?\" Whoops. Toaster's excitement vanished in a cold rush. Oh, no. Her eyes darted from one face to another, each equally suspicious and concerned. Even the doctor, who had slipped in by her side to check her pulse, watched her carefully. How was she going to explain this to them? Did she have to? \"I…I…just…well, you have a veterinary clinic…\" she tried. \"Oh!\" The Master's face cleared. \"You know about the clinic.\" \"Yes!\" Toaster clasped her hands together, relieved. \"I don't think I've ever seen you visit before.\" Toaster was certain she didn't like the way the Mistress glared at her. \"No, I haven't visited, exactly. I've…\" Toaster rapidly searched her memory for inspiration. If only Radio were there. He'd think up a good story. Story. That newspaper clipping the mistress had hung on the fridge… \"I've seen you in the newspaper. Last week. I saw you in the newspaper last week!\" she exclaimed, triumphantly recalling the words Lampy had read. ' \"Veterinarian Rob McGroarty saves life of local seeing eye dog.\"' \"The paper? Oh! That's right. That headline from June.\" The Master shared a look with his wife, who turned her glare to him. \"She must be local after all.\" \"The paper. Right.\" The Mistress said, dryly. \"Because our town is the only one that gets that paper.\" \"Chris…\" \"Look, I know she saved your life. I know!\" The Mistress threw up one hand before looking at Toaster again. \"So, where do you live?\" \"Um…\" The questioning was making her head spin. The smell and noise of the hospital wasn't helping; she'd never smelled anything so sharp and fierce before. And she was running out of ideas fast. Why was the Mistress being so cruel? \"Can I…can I just leave? Please?\" Without waiting, she threw back the covers and tried to jump out of the bed. A fierce pain in her arm reminded her of the IV again, and she yelped. Immediately, all three surrounded the bed to help her. \"Why don't I have a nurse take this out, now? Hm? You don't really need it anymore.\" Toaster only sniffled in response as she realized that the Master and Mistress were standing outside the curtain once again. While the nurse instructed her to make a fist, she strained to hear the heated conversation the two were having. \"…No! A stranger in the house?\" \"...Needs help…saved me…\" \"…Don't know who…or where…\" \"Ow.\" Toaster lost her concentration as the IV came out. She clutched her arm against her chest. \"Thea.\" The Master and Mistress returned to the bed. Toaster watched them, both curious and hopeful. The Master was smiling; not as widely as the doctor and nurses, but with a warmth that Toaster would have known anywhere. \"Thea, how would you like to get out of here and stay with us for a while? Maybe you'll remember everything in a couple of days.\" \"With you?\" Toaster couldn't hide the relief she felt. She could go home. Finally! \"Yes! Please!\" She eagerly seized the hand he offered her, holding it tightly. She smiled at the Mistress. The mistress returned her smile with a lopsided, weak grin, but Toaster didn't care. She was going home, where everything would make sense. Cherry. Toaster closed her eyes in ecstasy as she sipped from the straw. The Master called it a cherry limeade slushy. He had handed to her after they left the hospital, laughing as he claimed it was better than hospital food. She agreed wholeheartedly. The hospital food she'd barely touched after they took out the IV was nothing in comparison to this tart delight. She put her whole effort into gulping it down, only glancing up now and then to look at the world past the rental car window. \"Looks like the Meyer house is for sale again,\" the Mistress remarked as they bumped down the road. Toaster leaned forward to glance out the window to watch the buildings and houses speed by, clutching the jumbo size cup in both hands. She'd already spilled slushy down the front of the brown blouse the mistress had given her; the last thing she wanted was to ruin more clothing. Clothes. She shifted in the seat, still sensitive to the sensation of clothes she wore. She cringed every time the loose blouse flapped, or when the elastic band of the pants stretched as she moved. She wriggled her toes inside the socks, wishing the sneakers didn't cling so tightly to her feet. Even as she thought about them, she stuck a finger in-between the shoe and her foot to relieve the pressure. The Mistress had presented the clothes to her when she and the master returned to her room after signing release papers. \"You don't want to wear the hospital gown everywhere,\" she'd stated when Toaster held them out gingerly in front of her. Toaster almost wished she had. Getting into the clothes was harder than humans made it look. She'd gotten lost inside the blouse, wasn't sure how to hook the brassiere, and kept putting the socks on the wrong way. In the end, a nurse had to help straighten her out. While she was grateful for the mistress' clothes and the sneakers the hospital donated, she couldn't help wondering why humans needed so much padding. Even with that uncertainty, everything in the world appeared so bright, even the things she had seen before. The house, as it rose up in front of her, though it seemed smaller than she recalled, was still more welcome than any sight in the world. \"Home sweet home,\" the Master sighed, as the Mistress parked the rental car. Home sweet home, alright, Toaster silently agreed, sighing. No matter how different she was, she was glad to be in a familiar place. \"You ready to go in?\" The Master smiled over the seat at her. \"Mhm!\" Toaster struggled with the seatbelt. \"Here, let me get that.\" The Master opened the passenger door. A struggle ensued in which he tried to unlock her seatbelt with one hand, while she moved and squirmed to help him. They ended up laughing at the efforts. The Mistress was standing in the doorway, speaking to the teenager who often looked after the little Master. By the time Toaster and the Master came up, the teenager had been paid and was skipping away to her car. \"That girl always charges an arm and a leg,\" the Mistress muttered, shifting the little Master on her hip. \"She does a good job looking after Robbie,\" the Master offered. Even Toaster cringed under the Mistress' withering look. \"Goody too-shoes.\" The Mistress rolled her eyes. \"Get inside and start resting. Doctor's orders.\" They headed inside. The door wide open before her, Toaster found her feet cemented to the walkway. Everything looked familiar from the outside. But, inside, her friends were waiting. Her mouth went dry as she realized that she would have to face them-all of them- as a human. \"Hey.\" The Mistress poked her head out the door. \"You coming?\" Toaster nodded slowly and took a breath as she crossed the threshold. \"Welcome to our humble abode,\" the Mistress said, closing the front door. \"It's wonderful,\" Toaster replied with as much honesty as she could. In truth, it was as though her eyesight had changed. Colors appeared deeper, warmer. She rested her hand on the back of the sofa, noting the way her shoes scraped across the floor. Even as a toaster she had felt the differences between soft and hard, furry and smooth; but now touching things sent tingles through her nerves. She quivered with the stark difference. Her eyes drifted to the stairs where the master was disappearing, and to the kitchen inhabited by many of her friends. \"Yeah, sure. This is our son, Robbie.\" The Mistress indicated the baby with a jostle of her hip. \"Say hi to Thea, Robbie.\" The baby clutched at his mother as his brow furrowed. He pointed a finger at Toaster. Grateful for the distraction, Toaster bent towards him. \"Hi there!\" she exclaimed, smiling into his confused face. \"It's nice to meet you. Robbie.\" She tapped his finger, shyly. The baby's eyes suddenly brightened. His little hand grasped the strand of hair that had fallen over Toaster's eyes. \"Tuh…tuha…stuh.\" He recognized her! Toaster burst into a laugh. \"Huh, that's strange.\" The Mistress untangled the baby's hand from Toaster's hair. \"I've never heard him call anyone 'toaster' before.\" She gave Toaster that same suspicious look again. Toaster forced a grin as she shrugged, unable to think of an explanation. \"Hm.\" The Mistress shifted Robbie to her other hip as she turned away. \"I'm going to put the guest bedroom together. Why don't you make yourself comfortable in the living room?\" \"Oh. Okay. Thank y—\" Toaster trailed off as the Mistress all but stormed up the stairs without another word. Left to herself, she stared again at the doorway into the kitchen. More than likely everyone had jumped into their respective places when they heard the rental car pull into the driveway. \"There's no use standing here, then,\" she told herself. \"It's time to face them.\" On impulse, she tugged off her sneakers and socks, taking a moment to adjust to the hard floor under her feet before stepping into the kitchen. It was still and quiet. Everything was in its place, clean and sparkling in the afternoon light. The microwave, the faucet, the oven...all were in their reserved places, as still as stone. They might as well have been corpses, toaster realized. She couldn't sense them at all. \"Microwave?\" she whispered, approaching that individual. \"Microwave? Can you hear me?\" The microwave didn't change. Toaster clasped the cool metallic handle and pulled the door open. Nothing. She took a deep breath. Her own personal friends were not in sight, but that was just as well. Now she knew: the appliance code of secrecy applied to every human, former appliance or not. Her heat sank as she closed microwave's door. How was she going to handle this, all of this, without her friends? A scrapping sound caught her attention. She turned to the end of the kitchen, where Ratso was sipping from his water jug. \"Ratso!\" she exclaimed, suddenly hopeful. He was a sight for sore eyes, and not just because he was moving around. She hadn't seen him since their vacation. For some reason, the mistress had vetoed bringing him along. A minor point now, Toaster knew. On hearing his name, the rat went still, watching her with rapt attention. She hurried over to him. Ratso sniffed at her through the bars. \"Ratso, it's me!\" She poked a finger through the cage. Ratso shied away. Then, his eyes narrowed as he locked gazes with her. In his old manner, he straightened up and his eyes bulged. \"Toaster?\" he exclaimed in awe. \"Yes!\" Toaster laughed, ridiculously glad to understand him. \"It's me!\" \"How the…? What the…? Are we in an episode of the Twilight Zone?\" \"Um.\" Toaster glanced around the kitchen. \"I don't think so.\" Ratso flung his arms out. \"But you're human!\" \"I know!\" \"You're…a chick?\" \"Yup!\" \"How'd you do it? Wish really hard?\" Ratso looked her over with a critical eye. \"I don't know how it happened. I'm just…and the van...and I'm here! With hair and clothes and all! Ta da!\" Toaster flung her arms out to the sides and spun around. Ratso frowned and rubbed his chin. \"Ain't those the clothes the Mistress was wearing before she had the baby?\" Toaster's enthusiasm deflated. \"They were the only things that fit,\" she admitted. \"My body shape is different,\" she echoed the Mistress' words. \"Yeah, no kidding.\" Ratso crossed his arms and rolled his eyes. \"You ain't exactly Marilynne Monroe.\" \"Oh. Is that bad?\" Toaster looked down at her body. In truth, she had been so focused on leaving that hospital and getting home she hadn't even thought about how she looked. \"Well, maybe you just make a bad first impression. For a human, that is. Geez.\" Ratso shook his head in disbelief. \"Wait till the guys hear about this one! No wonder you weren't answering!\" \"Answering?\" Ratso thumbed in direction of the driveway. \"After the accident. Radio and Lampy kept trying to talk to you, but you wouldn't say nothing. They thought your coils were knocked loose or something.\" Toaster felt the hairs on the back of her neck rise. \"But I wasn't in the van. I fell out…with the Master…\" \"Oh, you were there, alright,\" Ratso insisted, scratching his nose. \"They told me they kept trying to call you and shake you up until the tow truck cleaned everything away. The Mistress put you out in the shed…\" He trailed off, shivering as he looked at her again. \"Boy, eerie!\" She knew how he felt. \"You mean my body-my toaster body-is out in the shed right now?\" \"Yep.\" Ratso whistled. \"Talk about your out of body experience.\" He rubbed his hand over his eyes. \"Where you been all this time?\" \"In a hospital. They thought I was hurt from the accident.\" \"Oh.\" Concern shadowed Ratso's eyes as he put his head between two cage bars to get a closer look at her. \"Were you?\" \"No…I mean, this body wasn't hurt too much.\" She pushed the sleeve back from one of her arms, observing the fading bruises from the IV. \"But, Ratso, I need to know how this happened. I don't remember changing. I don't remember anything! Do you think you could ask the hearing aids?\" she added, inspiration dawning on her as she glanced at the junk drawer. \"Hey, you can count on me!\" Ratso saluted her. \"I'll let everyone know what happened and see if they got any bright ideas. Boy, they sure aren't going to believe this!\" \"Thanks, Ratso.\" Instinctively, Toaster rubbed his head with one finger and laughed at the look of pleasure on his face. \"I've got to go,\" she whispered, hurriedly, at the sound of the Mistress' voice on the staircase. \"Hey, wait! What happened to Kirby?\" Alarm shot up her spine. \"What do you mean what happened to Kirby?\" \"They didn't find him in the wreck. The van must have thrown him out like it did you. Tell me when you find him so I can-\" Ratso suddenly dove backwards and began kicking up the shredded paper in his cage. \"There you are.\" Toaster jumped at the sound of the Mistress' voice. She whirled around, plastering a smile on her face. \"I wondered where you got to. Um…were you hungry?\" \"No, no, I was just…looking around?\" Toaster tried a laugh. \"Right.\" The Mistress crossed her arms. Toaster shifted under her studying look. \"Well, I've made up the guest room for you. You'll probably want to shower, too.\" \"Shower?\" Toaster cringed. \"Come on, I'll show you how the handles work.\" The Mistress turned abruptly and walked off. With a glance at Ratso, who shrugged at her, Toaster hurried after her. Toaster breathed heavily as she stood before the shower stall. Steam filled the air, accompanying the sound of streaming water behind the shower curtain. The mistress had tried to explain how to turn on the hot water, then gave up with a sigh and turned them on herself when Toaster wouldn't leave the doorway. In seconds, Toaster found herself alone in the bathroom, her back against the door the mistress had slammed, with only the sound of the streaming water in front of her. Even with the old fear bubbling up in her throat, she found herself glancing towards the mirror over the sink. Curiosity took over, and she inched forward until she was standing directly in front of the oval frame. The round face that stared back at her reflected awed brown eyes and a small red mouth. Her heart beat as she parted the lips and studied the tongue that stuck out and ran over white teeth. Mousy brown ringlets appeared between waves of frizz across her forehead and shoulders. Whenever she reached up to push them back, she could feel the way they clung to her scalp. Was that really what she looked like? Was that really what the master and the mistress saw when they looked at her? Eyes fixed on the stranger, she awkwardly took off the clothes and let them puddle at her feet. For the first time, she saw her new form in its entirety: the swell of breasts from her chest, the wide hips that curved down into legs and feet. Her fingers drifted toward the veil of dark curls that nestled below her belly, then further until they touched the soft skin between her legs. Watching in the mirror, she traced every contour of the body with her hand. \"This is me,\" she heard the reflection say as she spoke out loud. Then, emboldened, she pulled back a corner of the shower curtain and thrust her hand into the stream. She trembled. She couldn't help it. Visions of electric surges and outages spent years forming their nightmares in her sleep. But the touch of warm water on her skin felt delicious, and roused something sweet in her new form that eased the fear. Bracing a hand against the stall, she stepped over the tub's edge. Ohh. She released the breath she had been holding and closed her eyes, basking in the warm water as it engulfed her. She rubbed her hands over her arms and shoulders, then tossed her head to throw her soaking hair back. So this was why humans liked water. This was why they weren't afraid. A tiny little thought crept into her mind; just a notion that seduced her with its earnestness. Almost unbidden, she reached down to twist the knobs off. The water stopped, and a brief chilled caused gooseflesh as she pulled the curtain aside again. She reached for the blue towel the Mistress had set out on the rack and pressed it to her face. It was awkward, but she managed to dry herself. When she stood before the mirror again, she saw the reflection looking back with newfound satisfaction. Experience. That was the word for the tiny notion that had sprang up during her shower. Until Toaster heard back from the hearing aids, she would take advantage of every experience that her new body had to offer. That meant learning to shower and dress like a human, yes, but also more than that. She lay down in the bed, enveloped by softness of the plush spread and pillows. \"Yeah,\" she whispered, as sleep lulled her. \"I'm going to do this. I'm going to be human.\" \"There she is.\" \"I don't believe it.\" Voices tugged at the edge of her awareness. Toaster stirred, but refused to give into wakefulness. Whether it was the effect of her consciousness in a body, or the weariness of the hospital, she felt sleep was the sweetest notion in the world. \"She's so…so…\" \"Human.\" She rolled over, vaguely aware of the towel slipping from the bed. Her eyelids fluttered at the click of a door closing, and the muffled sobs. \"Knock it off.\" \"But I want Toaster!\" the little voice whined. \"She's right there. Sort of.\" \"But I want OUR Toaster…\" The cries pierced her dreams. \"Blanky,\" she murmured, responding to the dream. \"Don't cry.\" She let her arm fall from the side of the bed. Soft cotton stroked her fingers. \"Blanky, don't!\" a voice exclaimed. The sniffles were close by Toaster's ear this time. \"But I don't want her to get cold…\" in seconds, Toaster was enveloped by a nice warmth. Weariness tugging at her, she drifted back to sleep again as the voices and the heart- aching sobs continued.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: So You Go On waking as the sun rippled through the blinds, Toaster found herself wrapped in a yellow blanket, with the heating dial resting against her neck. \"Oh. Oh, Blanky,\" she exclaimed, sitting up. So she hadn't been dreaming. The dial remained faceless, but his cries echoed in her ears. \"Oh, Blanky,\" she said, stroking the top of the dial. \"I know this must be difficult for you.\" She glanced over the edge of the bed, not surprised to find both a desktop lamp and an old- fashioned radio on the bedside table. \"This is strange for me, too,\" she admitted. They remained motionless, but she had known them for so long that she could feel their gazes, and knew they were listening to every word. \"You shouldn't be in here,\" she admonished. \"What if the Master and Mistress catch you in here? And, Blanky, you're supposed to look after the little master.\" She tried to be gentle as she scolded. \"I'm okay, guys. Really. The hearing aids are going to find a way to change me back. You guys don't have to check up on me, alright? Now, come on, let's put you back.\" She dressed in the clothes she had worn yesterday, trying to take her time to get them right. \"I'll be fine,\" she repeated, gathering them up in her arms. She opened her door a crack to peer out. Finding no one, she slowly made her way to the bedroom at the end of the hall, hesitating in front of the closed door. She had never been in the master's bedroom during the day. She could hear the little master singing downstairs, but there was no sounds to let her know where the Master and the Mistress were. Suppose she intruded…? Clutching her friends tightly, she took hold of the door knob and turned it slowly. The door brushed against the carpet while she held her breath and peeked inside. The curtains on the window across from her had been drawn aside, though the shutters were still closed, casting only slivers of light against the bed. The Master lay fast asleep in bed, the blankets drawn up to his waist and his casted arm resting on his chest. The Mistress was nowhere in sight. Taking the opportunity presented, Toaster tiptoed into the room. The carpet muffled her steps, but she feared even breathing would wake her Master. She carefully set down the radio and lamp on his dresser, lingering to pat both of them. \"I'll find Kirby, too,\" she promised in a whisper. \"Don't worry. It'll be fine.\" At her side, the Master sighed deeply in his sleep. Toaster went still, hoping feverishly that he wouldn't wake up. After a few seconds of waiting in silence, she turned her head to look at him. He had barely moved, though his face had turned towards her in his sleep. Toaster's heart bled at the pain creased on his face. Hugging Blanky, she shuffled closer to the bed's edge to peer closer at him. Her poor master. Toaster shook her head, trembling as memories of the accident crossed before her eyes. It had been terrible for her; it must have been ten times worse for him, she realized, looking at his cast. Unable to help herself, she stretched out a hand to touch his cheek. \"Rob? Are you up?\" Toaster jerked her hand back as the door to the room swept open. Not quickly enough, she realized, as the Mistress stared at her. \"Thea?\" The Mistress quickly lowered her voice. \"What are you doing in here?\" \"I was, uh…\" Toaster hurried to the door, heart beating uncomfortably. Making up excuses was exhausting. \"Looking around?\" Wrong answer, guessing by the way the Mistress' eyes flashed at her. Toaster flinched as the Mistress grabbed her shoulder to pull her out of the room. \"Oh? Is that so?\" The Mistress resumed a normal tone as she closed the door firmly and planted herself between it and toaster. \"It's a very nice… bedroom?\" Toaster tried to sound casual, but somehow the question mark ended up at the end of the sentence anyway. \"Right. And the downstairs is even nicer.\" The Mistress gestured firmly towards the staircase with her hand. \"Oh.I...\" Why was she so upset? \"I didn't mean to…\" Toaster's explanation was cut off as the Mistress suddenly seized a corner of Blanky. \"Hey, here's Robbie's blanket! How did you get it?\" \"Hm? Oh!\" Toaster relinquished Blanky. \"It was outside the door this morning.\" \"That's odd.\" The Mistress inspected the electric blanket closely. \"Robbie never drops it anywhere.\" Toaster could hear the accusation loud and clear, though she couldn't find a way to respond. She ended up looking down at her feet, unable to stand that scolding look any longer. She moved only when the Mistress pushed past her. \"Oh, well. Weirder things have happened. He'll be glad to see it anyway. Did you sleep well?\" she asked, flatly, as she headed down the stairs. \"Yes, I did,\" Toaster answered, hurrying to keep up. \"Beds feel much nicer than I imagined.\" \"You sound like you never slept in one.\" \"Well…\" Toaster paused at the top of the stairs. \"Not exactly,\" she added in an undertone. The Mistress either didn't hear her or simply didn't care to answer. Toaster heard the little master squeal in delight, and found him hugging blanky when she stepped off the stairs. \"Hi, little ma…robbie.\" She caught herself quickly as she leaned over him. The little master's eyes sparkled, and he stretched up both arms towards her. Toaster eagerly picked him up. \"Oof! You're heavier than I thought!\" she exclaimed, smiling at his beaming face. With Blanky held tightly in one arm, he used his free hand to pat her nose. \"Toah-toah-stuw.\" \"Shh!\" Toaster pressed her forehead against his. \"I know you know, but you can't tell anyone, alright?\" \"Can't tell anyone what?\" The Mistress reappeared from the kitchen with the little master's puppy sippy cup in hand. Toaster flinched, expecting yet another look, but the Mistress only handed the little master his juice without glancing at her. \"That…I'm hungry,\" she replied, watching the little master drink with gusto. As proof, her stomach suddenly rumbled, alerting both her and the Mistress to its need. \"Oh. Yeah. Well, help yourself to anything in the kitchen.\" The Mistress took Robbie as he held out his arms to her. \"We just came back from a trip, so I haven't had any time to grocery shop.\" \"Thank you.\" Toaster lingered, however, to watch the Mistress settle the little master with his sippy cup and his toys. \"Something up?\" the Mistress finally asked, catching her eye. \"Um, I just wondered if you knew what caused the accident?\" It had suddenly occurred to Toaster that the more she could tell Ratso, the more he'd be able to explain to the hearing aids. And, really, she was dying to piece everything together. The Mistress shrugged. \"Well, I don't really know that much. I wasn't actually there when it happened. From what everyone else has said, the van hit something in the road and blew out both front tires. Rob lost control of the steering wheel, and the whole thing ended up in the ditch. The tow truck guys think something was up with the engine...but, anyway, then you showed up and pulled him out of the wreck.\" The Mistress blinked at her. \"Um...What exactly do you remember?\" \"Me?\" Toaster's mouth went dry. She dropped her eyes to the little master, wishing that she had a blanket to cuddle with just then. \"I don't…I don't really remember anything. One minute I was…\" A Toaster. \"…And the next I was there in the hospital.\" The Mistress' lips set in a hard line. \"Right. That's what they said at the hospital, too. Look, don't worry about it.\" She sighed and smoothed her hair back. \"The roads in this area are full of crap and junkies. Maybe Rob just hit some trash or something. He's never been good with cars. I am. I like driving. I should have been driving.\" Her voice dropped with that last sentence, sounding strained. Toaster found herself twisting the hem of the blouse uncomfortably. The phone rang and broke the Mistress' reverie. \"Look, I'd love to sit around and talk, but I've got some calls to make. And I have to check on my husband. If you're hungry, like I said, help yourself. Damn it, I still need to call about the van…\" She answered the phone without so much as another look at Toaster. Glad to be free from the conversation, Toaster quickly slipped into the kitchen. \"Well, well, well, look who finally woke up.\" Ratso greeted her, chomping away on his pellets. \"it's not that late,\" Toaster protested, glancing at the clock over the doorway. But her attention focused on the wide range of cabinents and drawers before her, each holding their treats. She began to open them all, one by one, to study what they contained. A funny eagerness took over her as she ran her hand over the organized boxes and containers. There was the familiar loaf of bread with the butter knife nearby, waiting for the Master's daily repast (poor things; did they miss her…?) and there were the cereals the Mistress enjoyed in the morning. But even with her stomach complaining loudly and twisting her insides, she couldn't make up her mind. What exactly did someone like her eat-enjoy, rather-for a morning meal? \"Milk's in still in the fridge,\" Ratso said, as though reading her dilemma. \"I don't think it's soured, or else the mistress would have tossed it away when she was digging through there.\" Milk, milk…Toaster's hand suddenly passed over a box of pancake mix between the raisin flakes and corn pops. She recalled the way the cakes sizzled in their greased pan and the sight of golden syrup drizzling down on them. Suddenly her mouth watered. Just what did pancakes taste like? Smiling to herself, she pulled the box down and headed for the fridge to pull out the milk. She looked the cartoon over, fingers tapping against it as she tried to remember how the mistress made them. A bowl of course, and a wooden spoon were what she needed, and a pan and the container of vegetable oil… \"Uh, Toaster? Whatch doin there?\" Ratso had stopped eating to watch her arrange things on the counter. \"I'm going to make pancakes!\" Toaster announced, proudly opening the pancake mix. \"You sure that's a good idea? I mean, maybe working with the stove ain't a great way to get started as a human.\" \"I'm sure it'll be alright,\" Toaster reassured him. She was too enthusiastic to stop herself now. Besides, it was another experience. It was a disaster. She tried to hold the box steady to pour and ended up spilling the contents everywhere. The milk met with the same fate, splattering her clothes and shoes as she tried to aim its stream into the bowl. Mixing it together proved more difficult than she imagined. Her human hands slipped as she dug the spoon into the lumpy mess, and she ended up couching on the puffs that rose from the bowl each time. \"Don't stir so hard. You ain't mixing cement. Add some more milk…geez, leave some for the pan, would ya?\" Ratso's quick tips and woeful advice didn't improve her efforts. Her stomach had gone from growling to gnawing fiercely at her insides. She finally gave up trying to smooth out the batter and just hoped that cooking would help it along. \"Ratso, how much vegetable oil do I use?\" she asked, pushing her floured hair out of her eyes as she picked up the bottle. \"Well, geez, how should I know? I can never see anything way over here?\" \"I'll just guess then,\" Toaster decided, wishing she'd paid closer attention when the Mistress cooked. She set the pan on the closest burner and carefully, with both hands, managed to pour just a dollop of the oil into it. \"Whew!\" she exclaimed, rubbing her belly with one hand. It groaned loudly. \"Just a moment,\" she reassured it, reaching out to turn on the burner. \"If you'll just be patient, I'll feed you something sweet really soon.\" \"Carefull…carefully…\" Ratso cautioned, as she began to spoon the mix into the pan. Apparently, Toaster had no definition for the word 'carefully'. Within the two seconds of pouring out the batter into the sizzling oul, the entire pan began to smoke. \"Uh oh, Ratso, help!\" She clapped her hands to her ears as the fire alarm shrilled. The little master's screams matched it from the living room, and the ceiling began to shake as feet stamped down on it from the second floor. \"What's going on?\" The Mistress rushed into the kitchen so fast that all Toaster saw was her dark hair sweeping around. She was shoved out of the way as the Mistress threw a towel over the pan's handle and shoved it, smoking mess and all, into the sink. For a few minutes, she stood gasping, and Toaster, grateful when the fire alarm finally shut off, watched as her eyes took in the entire mess of the kitchen. For the first time, Toaster actually knew what she had done to earn that look. Muttering under her breath, the Mistress stormed past to the broom closet and seized a mop and bucket. \"I can help,\" Toaster offered, however weakly. \"No, it's fine. I got this. Just like I got everything else.\" The Mistress shoved the mop against the counter and fished around in a drawer. \"Here, you'll have to eat this.\" She pushed a pop tart into Toaster's hands. \"It'll be a while before I buy anything else.\" Sitting cautiously at the table, Toaster carefully tore the cellophane wrapping and bit off a corner. The mouthful was dry and crumbly, like watered sand. But Toaster swallowed every bite, willing herself not to complain as she watched the Mistress mutter and clean the mess with a violent fury. Toaster had never felt so useless before. The morning ticked by, and Toaster found herself with little to do. She knew the house well, and was eager to explore secrets she'd dreamed about from her counter top. But since the kitchen incident, she struggled to keep out of the Mistress' way. It was a feat within itself, since the woman seemed to be everywhere at once, cleaning, tending the little master, answering the phone. The Master finally meandered downstairs around lunch to rest on the couch and watch TV. He looked wan, with dark circles under his eyes, though he offered her a smile with his greeting. Despite that, he moved restlessly as his wife ran back and forth. \"I rebooked all the appointments I could,\" the Mistress snapped at him at one point, when he glanced at his watch. \"I just cancelled the others.\" \"Chris, you can't just cancel…\" \"It's not like we have a choice! You can't exactly do anything with that arm!\" \"I can still see my patients.\" \"On pain meds? Rob, don't be stupid!\" The fight made Toaster uneasy, and she slipped into the kitchen. Ratso was peering through the cage, trying to see into the living room. She tried to talk with him, but conversation was difficult with the Mistress stomping back and forth. \"Look, Chris, I'll call the others myself.\" \"Fine by me!\" The TV clicked off as Rob headed for his study, and the Mistress snatched up the little master before grabbing her purse. \"There's no food in the house. I've got to go to town.\" The door slammed. Within minutes the house was completely still. Toaster stood in the living room, listening to the click of the clock. \"Geez,\" Ratso whistled. \"They were really going at it this time!\" \"it was my fault,\" Toaster said, quietly, feeling the tension in her shoulders. \"I shouldn't have tried to cook anything on my own.\" \"Aw.\"Ratso's grin was surprisingly sympathetic. \"I don't think all of that was your fault. You, ah,\" he averted his eyes and rubbed his arms, \"you see the others yet? \"Yes.\" Toaster ran a finger over the back of a chair. \"And they've seen me.\" \"Oh, boy.\" \"Were they upset? \"Is the Empire State Building in New York?\" \"That's a yes, I take it.\" She laid her head against the doorway, wishing she could talk to them. When the house was this quiet, she and her friends would move about freely. As it was, Toaster suddenly realized that her presence made it difficult for her friends to break that rule. She brushed away the funny feeling that caught in her throat. \"Look, Ratso,\" she said, straightening up. \"I need to go somewhere else. Just for a little while.\" \"Why not try outside?\" Ratso suggested, glancing out the window behind him. \"It looks nice and sunny out there.\" \"Yeah.\" That encouraged her. \"Yeah, I'll go outside! I've never really seen the yard before.\" Resolute, she headed for the front door and flung it wide open before she could change her mind. Hot, fresh July air greeted her. She drew in a breath before she realized she wanted to, and smiled at the warmth that settled around her. Suddenly eager, she snatched up the sneakers and socks that had been set neatly by the coat closet and stepped out onto the porch. Yes, this was better, she decided, as she struggled to pull on the socks and sneakers. She rarely ever had a chance to go outside during the day. Not that she had often longed for it; that journey across country to the city had settled her craving for any outside needs. The body enclosed around her reveled in the experience of open space. The grass that crinkled under the sneakers seemed fresher, the sun warmer, than any of it had ever felt against her chrome. She could even ignore the nagging reminder that indoors her friends had gathered and were probably watching her from the window. She willed herself not to look, and instead focused on the vast space in front of her. Every experience. She reminded herself. Take note of everything. So she explored. She didn't go further than the vet clinic sign, but she inspected every mound and rock she found. She'd only just begun walking back to the pathway to see the backyard when the backdoor screen open and slammed. Hurrying to the fence, she caught sight of the Master making his way to the barn nearby. A sudden curiosity pierced her. She had never been in the surgery while the master was working. She followed after him. The Master had been restructuring the barn to serve as a clinic. She remembered the plans he and the mistress had spent evenings pouring over, and knew that only half of them had been completed as of yet. Even now, slipping inside the front door, she could see where improvements still needed to be made in the waiting area. However, she was awed by the work the Master had done already. The room smelled clean, nearly like the hospital. But cozier; inviting. Like the Master. \"Ouch! Damn it!\" Light poured out of a nearby room through a half-opened door. Toaster could hear the Master muttering to himself as he walked around. She peeked around the door. The Master was bent over a box, rustling for something Toaster couldn't see. \"You okay?\" she asked, startled herself when he yelped again. \"Oh,\" he exclaimed, rubbing the sling. \"Hi, Thea. Yeah, I'm fine. Just trying to find something. Did you need something?\" He returned to the box. Toaster shook her head, though her eyes darted around the room. The Master had always been well organized. \"Ah ha! Found it!\" Toaster turned her gaze back to the vet again as he wielded a case of syringes. \"I wasn't able to unpack this box before we left for vacation.\" \"Shouldn't you be resting?\" Toaster asked, uncertain. The Master flashed a weak grin in her direction, like a child who had been caught with a cookie he'd snatched. \"Yeah, yeah, I know. It's just that Mrs. Landing will be here with her cat.\" He sighed. \"I know Chris wanted me to I cancel, but I just can't do that.\" \"No, you can't,\" Toaster exclaimed, understanding. \"You can't just not help someone.\" \"That's exactly what I told her. She's just…I don't know. Still upset by the accident perhaps.\" He ran his hand through his hair, standing it up on end. Then he paused, as though he remembered who he was talking to. \"Ah, never mind. Um, could you set that box on the table over there?\" Glad to be helpful, Toaster picked up the box. She pushed back one corner to examine the instruments, marveling at them. Having spent so much time in the clinic at the university, she had watched with rapt attention every movement her master had made with the animals; the way he handled them, charted them, saw to their every ache and pain. She never realized how much she missed watching him work. \"May I watch?\" she blurted out before realizing it. \"Please? I've always wanted-\" she stopped short of saying that she had always wanted to watch him work in his new clinic \"-To see how veterinarians look after animals.\" \"Well...\" The Master blinked at her, but smiled warmly even in his confusion. He gestured to a chair nearby. \"Sure. Why not? I guess you could hang around if you wanted.\" \"Oh, thank you!\" She hopped onto the chair, watching his every move once again. The Master continued preparations, sending nervous grins her way every so often. But soon he was explaining each movement he made, and answering her questions without hesitation. By the time his elderly client arrived, carrying her tabby in a wicker basket, the Master was ready, and Toaster's head swam with new information. She was half out of the chair when the Master greeted his patients and instructed Mrs. Landing to place her cat on the exam table. \"Now, what's wrong with Petunia?\" he asked, scratching the cat between the ears. Toaster watched the cat sympathetically while Mrs. Landing listed each and one of Petunia's ailments. She cringed when the Master prepared a syringe. \"Don't worry, Petunia. We'll just give you a little medicine, and you'll soon feel better.\" As though knowing exactly what to expect, the cat struggled and meowed pitifully. Toaster clasped her hands over her ears, unable to bear its pain. \"Easy, now, Petunia. Easy—whoa!\" the Master exclaimed, as the cat unleased her claws to take a swing at him. \"Hey!\" Toaster was on her feet before either he or Mrs. Landings could react, catching the cat as leapt from the table. \"Don't do that! You could hurt someone!\" The cat shook as Toaster cuddled her. \"He's just trying to help. Don't you want to feel better?\" The cat meowed again, even more pitifully than before as it laid its head on her arm. Toaster's disdain faded into sympathy. \"Poor thing,\" she crooned, brushing her hand over its head. The fur felt like silk under her palm. \"You must feel dreadful.\" The cat seemed to understand that something was different with the new human. She relaxed under Toaster's caressing fingers, purring. \"Wow.\" The Master admired. \"Looks like you've got a way with animals.\" \"She just doesn't feel well,\" Toaster replied softly. \"I feel sorry for her.\" The Master seized the opportunity. \"Do you think you could hold her on the exam table while I give her the shot?\" \"Sure.\" Toaster gently eased the cat down, hugging her as she squirmed and meowed again. \"There, there,\" she murmured, using the same voice that often comforted Blanky. It worked; Petunia, still tense, gentled under Toaster's touch. Swiftly, the Master administered the medicine and gave Mrs. Landings instructions for Petunia's care. Toaster lifted Petunia into the basket, stroking the ears one last time. \"Thank you, Dr. Rob.\" Mrs. Landings beamed at Toaster. \"And thank you for being so sweet with her.\" \"Thank you for the help,\" the Master added, as the door closed behind his client. \"I wouldn't have been able to handle that case alone.\" Toaster warmed under his praise. \"I always like feeling useful,\" she replied. \"And I think animals are nice,\" she added, as warm memories from the college lab rose before her mind. Maisy and her babies…Alberto, Sebastian. What would they would think if they saw her now? The Master had finished disposing of the syringe needle. \"Well, that's my only appointment for the day. For a while, I guess,\" she heard him add in an undertone. \"A broken veterinarian. That's not something you see every day.\" Toaster couldn't stand seeing him so forlorn. \"Your arm will heal. And you'll be just fine. You're a good veterinarian.\" The Master stirred himself. \"Six weeks. I guess we'll see.\" He smiled at her. \"Now, how does dinner sound?\" The smell of garlic met Toaster at the door as she stepped inside the house. She took a deep breath, thrilled with the pungent smell. Even the Mistress' terse greeting when Toaster and the Master walked into the kitchen together didn't distract her from the meal cooking. \"Mm, spaghetti.\" The Master attempted to kiss his wife, but the Mistress turned just in time for the kiss to land on her cheek. Even Toaster couldn't miss the disappointment in her his face. Following his gesture, she sat down at the table and accepted the plate he offered her. \"No garlic toast?\" he asked, tickling the little master under the chin as he passed the highchair. \"No toaster,\" the Mistress snapped, placing the pot of spaghetti on the table with a thud. \"Sorry,\" Toaster said without thinking, listening to that strange guilt that settled in her gut. \"Why should you be sorry?\" That look of hers was becoming too common. Toaster shook her head, and followed her Master's example in carefully filling her plate with spaghetti and salad. The first bite slid off her fork, though she caught the Master's grin as he pointedly demonstrated twirling his fork in the noodles. It took a few times before she could finally lift the noodles to her mouth, but oh, was it worth that first bite. Dinner continued in some silence, except for the little Master dunking his face in the sauce and trying to push his plate off his tray. \"The auto shop called,\" the Mistress announced, when the mess had been prevented. \"Looks like the repairs to the van are going to be more than we expected.\" The Master winced. \"How much more?\" \"Well, say, the price of a new van.\" The Mistress jammed her fork into her plate. \"You've got to be kidding me.\" The Master pressed his hand to his forehead. \"We can keep the rental car for a few more weeks. But, after that, it will have to be the bus.\" The Mistress examined her salad with a frown. \"Not like either of us will be going anywhere.\" \"We'll make it,\" the Master reassured her. \"That's what savings are for.\" \"Ours will be stretched to the max before this is over.\" Toaster had a mouthful of spaghetti before she realized the Mistress was looking directly at her. Was she blaming her again? But, what had she done this time? She glanced at the Master, and saw him looking at her as well, though with an apologetic expression. \"Thea was a big help in the surgery today,\" he declared. \"Was she?\" Toaster cringed under the icy tone. \"Well, that's encouraging. It's good to know that someone around here is taking care of you.\" \"Chris…\" \"Rob, you promised to cancel that appointment.\" \"I couldn't just cancel. I have patients that need me.\" \"You'll always have patients who need you. But you have to take care of yourself, too.\" \"Chris, please.\" The Master made an odd move with his shoulder towards Toaster. \"Hm?\" Toaster blinked at him. \"Oh! Should I leave?\" She looked back and forth between the two humans, almost wishing they would say yes. She couldn't bear another argument between them. The Mistress heaved a deep sigh as she pushed back her chair. \"No, Thea, you can stay. I'll leave.\" She shot a frustrated look at her husband before tugging the little master from his highchair. The Master sighed before pushing back his own chair and dropping his napkin on his plate. \"Excuse me, Thea.\" He followed after the Mistress. Toaster pushed her plate aside and buried her head in her hands. \"Well, that went well.\" Ratso broke the silence of the kitchen. \"I don't understand, Ratso,\" Toaster said, feeling her head ache. \"I keep upsetting the Mistress somehow. What am I doing wrong?\" \"Beats me. I don't think I've ever seen the Mistress that mad before.\" Ratso scratched his head. \"I mean, she's short-tempered, but not like this. Probably something to do with losing that van\" \"The poor van.\" Toaster twirled her fork in the remains of her dinner. \"I'm going to miss her.\" \"Yeah, well, that's life. How's this human thing going for you?\" \"I'm…not sure,\" Toaster admitted. \"Sometimes I think I'm getting the hang of it. Other times, though.\" She fell silent as snatches of conversation floated from the living room. \" Rob, this is ridiculous! She can't stay here!\" \" She doesn't have anywhere to go.\" \" She's mental! I caught her in our room this morning, and she tried to burn down the kitchen! Good grief, she wouldn't even touch the shower last night!\" \" She passed the pysch exam. She's just suffering from the trauma…\" Toaster stared miserably at the plate. This was not going so well at all. \"Have the hearing aids found anything?\" she asked, picking at the salad. The doorbell rang, breaking up the fight. \"They're just starting to make their calculations. Boy, I've never seen them so stumped before. You should have heard them go on and on about Einstein and improbability factors.\" Ratso's laugh was too loud to be genuine. Toaster could see the pity in his eyes. She crunched on the salad, not sure if she liked the flavor of lettuce. \"I wish i could speak to them…\" \"Don't sweat it! That's what I'm here for. Any sign of Kirby yet?\" \"No. I haven't seen him anywhere. I haven't asked…\" \"Yes, I live here!\" The voice thundered through the entire house. Toaster's fork clattered to the floor. \"I've lived here as long as you have!\" \"But I don't, I don't understand, sir…\" The Master's voice faltered. Releasing a breath she didn't realize she was holding, Toaster dashed from the table into the living room. the Master and the Mistress stood at the front door, speaking to a short police officer and a tall, broad shouldered man. The stranger's mouth was set in a thin firm line, further accented by a bushy mustache, as he glared with all the ferocity of… \"Kirby!\" Toaster exclaimed, throwing her hands up to her face in astonishment. All eyes turned to her, startled from her cry. But Toaster only watched the stranger's eyes narrow at her, bringing his bushy eyebrows together. To her relief, understanding dawned over his face as he took a step towards her, his hands outstretched. \"Toaster?\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: But You Don't Want To Go There had never been a more welcome sight in Toaster's life than the giant of a man reaching out for her. He barely had a chance to call her by name. By the time he recognized her, she had already crossed the distance between them, rushing into his open arms with a hug that cut off his breath. Never mind that she had given in to human instinct. Never mind that his body was nearly twice her size and so broad she could hardly get her arms around him. Forget that she could hear a beating heart when she pressed her cheek to him. It was Kirby. He was alright. She wasn't alone. For a moment she reveled in her excitement. She felt arms wrap around her in a hug that promised to be as crushing as the one she gave. For a moment, in the greatest moment of the last few days, she felt safe and wanted. Then Kirby shoved her with such force that she toppled backwards against the Mistress. \"Get off, you idiot.\" Steadied by the Master and the Mistress, Toaster stared speechless into the seething face. \"What...what did I do?\" she gasped. His glare turned icy and stayed that way as the Mistress ushered them both to the couch, out of the way. Toaster tried to listen to the explanation the officer was giving the Master and Mistress, but had difficulty focusing with Kirby bristling at her side, like a rocket nearing explosion. She could just grasp that some humans had found Kirby near the scene of the accident while they were clearing away the van and had called for another ambulance. \"He's had a rough time of it, going in and out of consciousness the last few days. All we could get out of him was a last name and that he lived close by.\" The officer explained, handing the Mistress a sheet of paper. \"Kirby?\" The Master read over her shoulder. \"John Kirby?\" John? Daring, Toaster bent forward to catch a glimpse of Kirby's face. His cheek twitched, but he continued staring straight ahead. \"Anyway, the hospital found your address. They tried to call…\" Toaster let the conversation fade as she focused all her attention on the man beside her; familiar and unfamiliar at the same time. \"Kirby,\" she whispered, putting out a hand to touch his arm before thinking better of it. \"Do you remember how this happened?\" \"Of course, I don't remember how this happened!\" Kirby growled out of the corner of his mouth. \"One minute I'm getting flung everywhere. The next I wake up battered and bruised, looking like …like this!\" He fisted his hands as he held out his arms before him. The faded jersey and jeans he wore stretched to their limits as he shifted. More hospital donations, Toaster decided, and obviously intended for someone less brawny. Somehow she knew Kirby wasn't talking about the clothes, though. He looked…she couldn't quite decide. It wasn't that she had ever imagined him as a human, but somehow with his short black hair and broad jaw extenuated by his fierceness, he seemed to be exactly right as a human. She wondered, suddenly fidgeting with the hem of her blouse, if he thought the same of her. She smiled nervously at him, but froze when he turned a full accusing look in her direction. \"As matter of fact, I should be asking you that question!\" \"Me?\" She sunk back into the couch as he towered over her. \"But…but I don't remember what happened either!\" \"You expect me to believe that?\" \"But…it's true.\" \"…They do seem to know each other.\" Toaster realized that they had caught the humans' attention. \"At least, Thea knew his name…\" \"Of course, she knows my name!\" Kirby barked at them, his tolerance worn thin. \"We've known each other for years!\" \"But, you said you lived here?\" the Master asked in confusion. \"I…I only meant I used to live here. We both did.\" Toaster ducked her head as Kirby flung out his arm. \"We were coming back for a look when the accident happened. Then I lost track of her!\" Kirby crossed his arms, then hesitated, glancing down in surprise at what he had done. Toaster couldn't help a laugh, but immediately snapped her mouth shut when Kirby turned on her again. \"I don't see what's so funny! You go doing hair-brained things like you always do, and i end up in a mess! Every single time!\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Toaster completely forgot that the humans were watching as she felt her own temper rising. \"It means this is your fault!\" Kirby shoved himself off the couch. \"How is it my fault?\" \"You did something, I know it! You're always poking yourself into things that aren't your business! And now I'm like this, locked away in who knows where for who knows how long!\" \"I don't know this happened!\" Finally feeling her own cool dissolve, Toaster leaped to her feet on the couch cushions to stare him down. \"I don't know how any of it happened!\" \"Yeah. Right.\" \"Don't you blame this on me…\" The little master's sudden wail interrupted their fight. All eyes were drawn to where he stood by his toys, bawling his head off. \"Okay, okay, enough!\" The Mistress thrust her way between Toaster and Kirby, her arms pushing both apart. \"Cool it! I've about had it! Thea, get down before you fall off!\" Toaster winced as the Mistress yanked her down from the couch by her arm. \"Officer, thanks for your help! Now, go home! Obviously, we'll have to talk about this in the morning. John can just stay here until we get it figured out, and apparently, we're not doing that tonight! Rob, go grab some spare sheets so I can make up the couch for him. Thea… just go upstairs! Everyone got it? Good! I'm putting Robbie to bed.\" Everyone moved aside as she snatched up her baby and stomped up the stairs. They watched her retreat in silence, waiting until she disappeared from sight before venturing to move. Feeling utterly rebuked, Toaster rubbed her arm as she obeyed the Mistress' order, Kirby's accusing glare thoroughly stinging her with each step she took. In the guest bedroom, she stretched out on the bed, only listening to the sounds downstairs as Kirby's release papers were signed and the couch was made up for him to sleep on. It ended with the Master and the Mistress's heated argument in their bedroom, pounding against the walls. Though she couldn't make out a single word, she didn't need to guess what the fight was about. Sleep pricked at the back of her head, but she fought it off stubbornly until the argument faded away and the house quieted. Then and only then did she feel free to slip out of the room and down the stairs. The clock ticked fifteen past 11:00 as her feet creaked on the steps. She paused halfway down to glance over the dark living room, straining her eyes. Kirby lay like a large dark lump on the couch, stiller than death. \"Go away,\" he snapped back when she called him softly, not caring to lower his voice. \"Kirby, can't we just talk?\" she begged, taking another step. \"What's left to say?\" \"That this isn't…Kirby…I didn't…\" \"Don't you start that again with me!\" \"But how could you even think…?\" \"I don't think! I know it!\" The lump moved. Toaster still couldn't see him, but even she froze as she felt his eyes in full on her again. \"I know exactly what you are capable of doing! And I don't want to argue about it anymore!\" \"But…\" \"Go away and…and leave me alone!\" There was a catch in his voice that Toaster had never heard before. \"I've…I've had enough…tonight. Go…go away.\" The lump disappeared into the couch cushions again. Toaster stretched a hand out towards him, but felt it waver as weariness began its hold on her again. There wasn't anything she could do tonight, anyway. \"Good night, Kirby.\" There was no answer, except a heavy sigh that ended in a gasp. With a deep sigh, Toaster climbed the steps with leaden feet and a heart that had caught in her throat. If Kirby had hoped that it was all a nightmare, the cruel realization that woke him dashed that hope. He almost half expected to open his eyes once more to a white ceiling and shaded lighting above his head, followed by the stench of bleach pervading his nostrils. The sight of the beige ceiling of the McGroarty living room nearly made him weep with relief. Nearly. The thudding his new ribcage reminded him sharply that he wasn't a vaccum cleaner, and the soreness from the stitches at the back of his head echoed that fact. He lay still on the couch, feeling the blanket slipping off and watching the sunlight peep in through the glass over the front door. In the quiet of the morning, the voices from his memory began their same relentless questions. What was his name? Where had he come from? What did he remember? What was his NAME? WHAT did he REMEMBER? He remembered the trip, and Toaster saying something about being home soon, and then the van…the van… \"Kirby,\" he'd gasped, when his voice suddenly found itself in that choking, raw throat. First name? \"Kirby,\" he'd insisted. John Kirby ended up on the paperwork instead. Either those humans didn't want to listen or were too dense to understand. There was no first name. There was no last name. He was Kirby. He was Kirby, Kirby, Kirby… He tried to turn his face away from the sun now glaring in his eyes, and sucked in a breath at the sharp stab by his ear. His hand reached up to touch the stitches, and felt the rough short hairs that now covered the top of his head. Kirby swallowed. Even when the staff had listened, they had taken forever to understand him. No, he wasn't missing. Of course he didn't know where he was or how he'd come to be there. Yes, he'd been in an accident…he must have been in an accident…He was coming back from a trip… \"With a woman?\" \"What woman?\" he'd snapped, staring at the startled face of his doctor. There hadn't been anyone in the car with the master. The Mistress had gone into the house. Then he had seen it right before him, face beaming and eyes laughing in that new human shape. That roly thing in baggy clothes, with tangled frizz popping at odd angles to frame a round face. It…she…was Toaster. They'd been talking about the toaster. And he'd known exactly who to blame. He felt the blanket tugging and let it fall the rest of the way to the floor. The cool morning chilled him, and he shifted restlessly. Yes, he knew exactly who to blame now. Why had Toaster let this happen to him? The same rage that had shook him the night before boiled inside him again. How could she laugh, smile, knowing perfectly well what had happened to him? To both of them? He didn't want to talk to her, or answer any more questions. He just wanted one answer. What was he supposed to do now? He slowly pushed himself up, feeling the clothes tug around him; donations from some homeless shelter. Frankly, he didn't care if the humans had dug them up from the trash, though he knew from their smell that they might as well have just tossed them in there. It was far too early to move, but he couldn't stand the way the couch pushed into his sore muscles any longer. Dizziness attacked him as he moved, and he had to rest his head in his hands. He uncovered his eyes only when the dizziness had passed, finding himself looking once again at the long scratches his new nails had left on his arms. He'd fought to get away; from the hospital and the strangers or the new skin he'd woken in he wasn't sure. He'd just tried to get away. He still wanted to get away. But even getting to his feet took effort. Seeing the floor from so high up was dizzying. He clutched his head, trying to fight the world spinning around him, spinning in more ways than one as his thoughts screamed across their own roller coaster track. This wasn't fair. This just wasn't fair. He'd never wanted to be human. He'd never asked to be human. Why? How could Toaster have let this happen? \"Kirby?\" He stiffened as his name reached him and dropped his hands, throwing a suspicious look towards the stairs. \"Good gravy!\" The voice was coming from the edge of the kitchen, where a tiny rodent was poking his head around the edge of the kitchen doorway. \"It really is you!\" \"R-Ratso,\" Kirby exclaimed, as the rat scurried towards his feet. \"Geez, I heard them all shouting last night, and you and Toaster…boy, were you fighting something fierce! But I couldn't see anything…\" He could barely see the rat, and trying to bend down for a closer look only made his sore muscles scream in protest. \"Geez, just look at you!\" \"No,\" Kirby muttered, putting a hand to his forehead. \"I'm…I'm not looking again.\" A nurse in the emergency room had brought him a mirror, thinking she was doing him a favor when he asked what he looked like, but he couldn't even look at the stranger glaring back. \"Whoa, easy big guy!\" he heard Ratso exclaim. \"You don't look so good. Maybe, ah, you oughta sit down.\" \"Yeah,\" he agreed, falling back on the couch. Ratso scurried up the side until he stood on an armrest at Kirby's side. \"Boy, this just gets weirder and weirder. You and Toaster figure this out yet?\" \"I'm not talking to the toaster again,\" he snapped, surprised by his own ferocity. \"Okay, okay!\" Ratso flung up his paws to ward Kirby off. \"Geez! I just thought maybe between the two of youse you'd finally figured out what happened.\" \"I don't know how this happened! I…I don't remember anything.\" \"Yeah, well, figures. That's exactly what Toaster said. I guess that crash knocked you out just like it did her.\" \"It.\" \"Her.\" \"It.\" Kirby lowered his hand to glare at Ratso, feeling that boiling rage again. Ratso appeared unconcerned. \"Look, I don't know if you've noticed, but the Toaster sorta has a gender now.\" Kirby gritted his teeth. \"I couldn't help but notice.\" \"Well, geez, you ain't taking this well.\" \"Look at me!\" Kirby thrust out his arms before he realized he was going to, and winced as they collided with the back of the couch. \"How exactly am I supposed to take this well?\" \"Look, big guy, cool down. I know it's rough, but I've got the hearing aids all over it.\" Ratso thumbed in direction of the junk drawer. \"They'll get this figured in no time at all.\" \"They can turn me back into a vacuum?\" Kirby asked. \"Well…\" Ratso suddenly attended to an itch in his arm. \"They can figure out what happened, anyway…\" \"I knew it.\" Kirby dropped his head into his hands, gripping at the hair until his scalp ached. \"I…I'm stuck like this. I don't understand. How could the Toaster have done this to me?\" \"Um…I don't think this was the Toaster's doing, Kirby.\" \"You don't know it the way I do!\" Kirby gripped handfuls of the hair on his head until his scalp ached. \"Her.\" \"It.\" \"Whatever!\" Ratso gave up with a sigh. \"Boy, try to help a guy,\" Kirby heard him mutter under his breath. \"You can help me,\" Kirby demanded, nearly knocking Ratso off the couch, \"by trying to change me back!\" \"Okay, okay!\" Ratso scambled to right himself on the couch arm. \"Like I said, the hearing aids are trying to figure something out. But you gotta find a way to calm down. The Mistress is already-\" A door shut upstairs, and the little master's voice chirped as the stairs began to echo with footsteps. Darting faster than a rocket, Ratso raced back through the kitchen, just as the Mistress appeared at the bottom of the stairs. Kirby met her eyes with as much surprise as she had; maybe even more so, as he realized suddenly that he was not straining to look up to see her. \"Oh, good morning. Um…John, right?\" She tried to offer him a weak smile, but her cheek twitched. Kirby nodded slowly, suddenly unsure what to say. He'd never spoken to the Mistress before, and the night before he'd been too agitated to bother with semantics. \"I, uh, hope you slept on the couch okay.\" She was shifting from one foot to another. \"Sorry about that. Our guest room is sort of occupied.\" Realizing that he was staring too intently at her, Kirby glanced at the floor with a nod. \"It's fine.\" He winced at the brusqueness and cleared his throat to try again. \"I…appreciate your help.\" Whatever the Mistress mumbled was drowned out by the little Master's babble. Unable to help himself, Kirby snuck a peek at the baby, relieved to see him, all smiles, bouncing on his mother's hip. He was hardly prepared, however, for the baby to suddenly lunge forward with both arms stretched out to him. \"Robbie!\" The Mistress hadn't been prepared for it either. She caught him just before he tumbled to the floor. \"What's gotten into you?\" Kirby, watching the happy little face, felt his cheeks warm. He remembered the touch of the soft little hands on his chrome, and the familiar little eyes peering down at him. He returned that smile, feeling more like himself than he had in days. Ignoring the Mistress' apologies, he leaned forward on the couch and held out his own arms to the baby. The little master laughed and slapped his little hands against Kirby's palms. Kirby's hearted soared as he took the baby into his arms. \"I…wow…\" Kirby roused as the Mistress bent towards them. \"I've never seen him so excited before. When he saw Thea…\" He glanced up as she hesitated and shook her head. \"This is just too weird,\" she finally said, hands on her hips. \"Look, I'll bet you're hungry,\" she added. \"We didn't really get a chance to talk last night, and I…I've got some questions.\" \"I won't have any answers.\" The blunt answer surprised even him. \"Oh.\" The Mistress knit her eyebrows as she took that in. \"Okay. Fair enough, I…I guess. At least you're honest,\" she added, glancing up the stairs as if to indicate that there was someone who was not. Kirby didn't really care. He did, however, feel the loss when she took the little master again; even more strongly than he had felt the loss of his appliance form. He couldn't tell if he was following her into the kitchen for the promise of breakfast, or if he was following the little master, the only thing in the world that made sense. But either way, he found himself only moments later seated at the table beside the little master in his highchair. The Mistress attempted some who and why questions, but soon realized that what Kirby had said was true enough. He had no answers for her. \"This is just unbelievable,\" he heard her mutter into the fridge, and he knew well enough what she meant. \"I can't believe this is happening either,\" he agreed. \"Yeah? Well, don't take this the wrong way, John.\" The Mistress added, slamming the fridge closed and putting down bananas and applesauce on the table. Kirby pressed a hand to his belly as it grumbled in response to the sight of food. \"I'm not sure you and Thea being here is a good idea. I understand you guys came back for a look at the house, but my husband and I have our hands full. We have a baby and a business and a broken van that needs to be fixed with money we don't have…\" The little master, for some reason Kirby could never understand, suddenly decided he didn't like the applesauce his mother was holding out. With a laugh, the baby stood up in his highchair and smacked both bowl and jar from her hands. They landed on the floor with a crash that sent applesauce splattering everywhere. \"ROBBIE!\" Even Kirby cowered. \"WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT? WHY?\" The baby shook and shrunk back into his highchair at his mother's scream, before bursting into tears. Kirby aghast, watched the Mistress fling herself down to pick up the pieces, not sure if he was startled by the way she had yelled at her son or by the way her sobbing matched the baby's. \"This isn't fair.\" She cried. She gave up trying to pick up the glass and sat back on her heels to bury her face in her hands. \"This isn't fair…\" The spectacle went straight to Kirby's heart. Ignoring even the hunger rumbling in him, he found himself reaching for the sobbing woman. His hand rested on her shoulder, just long enough for her to raise a tear stained face to him. Kirby knew that look all too well. He hadn't been a vacuum cleaner for nothing without knowing the feeling of a burdened spouse about to have a nervous breakdown. The master's mother had cried on his handle often enough while trying to keep everything together. About the only comfort Kirby could offer in those moments was to rev up as much power as he could muster to keep the floors clean. Now, revving a new sort of power, he cleared his throat. \"Don't be upset,\" he declared, gruffly. \"Accidents…happen.\" The Mistress' mouth quivered, and she shook her head. \"This…has never happened.\" Somehow he knew she didn't just mean the applesauce, or the way the little master was still carrying on. A twinge in his heart made him realize that there were worse problems than his own. He shared a momentary exchange with the tired, worried mother on the floor: a broken husband, a screaming baby that depended on her, two complete strangers that had come from nowhere… Overwhelmed, Kirby suddenly reached across the table and scooped the little master up in his arms. \"Come on now, that's enough,\" he huffed bouncing him on one arm. \"You're alright. It was an accident!\" The little master hiccupped, and his crying turned to whimpers as he studied Kirby's face. Even quicker than Kirby believed possible, the baby's face crinkled into his usual smile. He giggled and grabbed Kirby's shirt with both hands. \"Wow.\" The Mistress wiped tears from her eyes as she looked up at them. \"You're…you're really good with babies.\" Kirby couldn't quite decide how to answer without giving himself away, but the Mistress had turned her attention back to the mess. \"Do you think…I know it's a lot to ask. I mean…would you…?\" \"Clean up the mess?\" Kirby surveyed the mess on the floor. Tile wasn't really his area of expertise, but he could already see that the dish towel had grabbed from the table wouldn't do the mess. He needed a mop and strong gloves for cleaning up the glass. \"…Actually I thought you'd take Robbie into the living room and let him eat a banana at least…\" The Mistress was struggling to rise, and Kirby's hand shot out to help her up before he realized he could. \"This is kind of a tough mess.\" \"I've never fed a baby before,\" Kirby admitted, wincing as the little master tugged at his mustache. He passed the baby into the Mistress' arms and took the dishtowel from her hand. \"But I have cleaned up messes far worse than this one.\" \"But…you don't have to…I mean…you shouldn't have to…\" Yes, she was right. But Kirby felt his chest pounding as his mind began to painstaking gather everything he needed for the disaster. Finally, something he knew to do. \"You just go take care of him. I know how to handle this.\" Her thanks were lost on him as he tossed the dishtowel aside and headed for the utility closet. Just focus on the mess, he instructed himself, seizing the mop and bucket. Just clean up the mess. After that…we'll see… He forgot himself in the midst of cleaning the floor. Somewhere in the middle of scrubbing, fumbling with the gloves and the mop and stretching and bending joints he had never once possessed, he forgot that he was human. He forgot that he didn't want to be human. He only remembered the satisfaction of attacking dust and dirt until they were both gone entirely, and in almost no time at all the tile was sparkling. Then, in cold emptiness, he remembered the mess that he was still in. From the living room he could hear the Mistress chatting to the little Master. His stomach, ignored easily, began to make itself heard in efforts that sent bile to his throat. How he hated that sensation, and the other that his human mind conjured: a dry, thick sensation that his throat refused to swallow away. One glance sight at the faucet, though, answered it for him. He stumbled across the floor and nearly wrenched the handle trying to let the water run. With a mumbled apology to his old friend, he dipped head and gulped as much of the water as he could. Damn it! He'd never been thirsty in his life. Letting the awful truth sink in, even as his body thanked him for the drink, he rested his arms on the edge of the sink. \"They do have cups.\" Kirby groaned as the last voice he ever wanted to hear spoke softly behind him. He turned to look at Toaster hesitating in the doorway, her hair even wilder than he remembered, and her eyes mournfully watching him. \"Oh, yeah? Never would have guessed.\" He shoved himself away from the sink and snatched up one of the bananas from the table, trying to ignore her. For moment, turning the fruit this way and that, it wasn't too difficult. \"Just how do you open one of these things anyway?\" he muttered, as much to himself as to the figure watching him silently. \"You could just cut it in half, like the Mistress does.\" \"How about you mind your own business!\" Kirby snapped, trying to twist the top stem off. He heard the Toaster heave a deep sigh as she dragged her feet across the floor. \"Fine, don't let me help you, dust head.\" Dust head. He grit his teeth to hold back his answer at that stupid name. They'd always called him names, and Toaster had been the worst out of all of them. The stem snapped, and he waved it triumphantly before her eyes. She sighed again and sat in a chair across from him. \"Can't we just talk about this?\" \"You got ideas, I'll be happy to hear them.\" He bit into the fruit-just a small bite. Gulping down the broth they'd given him at the hospital and choking it up again had been a hard lesson in treating food carefully. He chewed the odd texture thoughtfully, before swallowing deliberately to make sure it stayed down. It wasn't until the Toaster giggled that he realized she'd been watching him. \"Making fun of me again,\" he thundered at her. \"Well, sure. Let's turn Kirby into a human and see how funny that is!\" That squelched the laughter fast and whatever smile there had been on her face. Even Kirby couldn't help noting the deep circles in the skin under her eyes. \"For the last time, this isn't my fault!\" Her voice rose an octave. \"I don't know how this happened, and I sure don't know how to change it!\" \"Sounds like you got problem, then, slot head!\" As if that name had ever insulted her. \"Kirby, we're dealing with the same problem. Can't we…\" A wistful note crept into her voice. \"Can't we do this together?\" Yes. An eager shout in the back of his mind begged him. It reminded him of the hospital, waking up alone, friendless, and now a familiar face was here to help. But it's not familiar . That horrible rage consumed him, and he settled for cramming as much of the banana into his mouth as possible, forget choking. It's not familiar at all. It's not Toaster now. It's...She's… \"Oh, hey, Thea.\" The Master entered the kitchen. Kirby looked up in time to see him pause by Toaster and place a hand on her shoulder in greeting. \"You don't look like you got enough sleep.\" \"Neither do you.\" The Toaster's face lit up she tipped her head towards him, one hand warmly clasping his. Kirby could see the adoration in her eyes, the same worshipping look he'd had to endure every single day of his life... He slapped the peel down so hard the table shook and the two jumped. \"Good morning, John.\" The Master grinned sheepishly at him. \"How are you feeling?\" \"Miserable,\" Toaster exclaimed before Kirby could answer. \"He had a bad night, and it's made him GRUMPY.\" Kirby seethed at the innocent smile she plastered on her face, as well as the way she tilted her head to one side, watching him with narrowed eyes. \"Yeah, the couch isn't exactly comfortable.\" The Master shrugged, missing the silent fight that passed between the two. \"Maybe Chris knows where my old camping cot is. We can set that up for you instead… if you don't have any other plans.\" Other plans. Kirby snorted. \"You look ridiculous like that,\" he hissed at Toaster, as the Master began searching through the cabinets. \"You're one to talk,\" she shot back in an undertone. \"Did you get that thing on your face from Ratso?\" He guffawed, fighting back the urge to run his fingers over the mustache. \"At least I don't have some filthy mop on my head.\" He sat back in another triumph as that smug look fell away and her hands flew to her hair. \"Rob, please tell me you remembered to take your pain meds before you came down.\" The Mistress' voice proceeded her appearance in the kitchen. The Master heaved a deep breath as he tucked a loaf of bread under his arm and struggled with a jam jar from one of the cabinets. \"No, Honey, I'm a complete idiot devoid of all pain,\" Kirby heard him mutter under his breath. \"What was that?\" The Mistress swept around to look at her husband's face. \"I said, yes. I took the medication. I'm a vet, I know how medication is used.\" \"That doesn't mean you'll actually take it.\" \"Chris, knock it off!\" The Master, still struggling to maintain a grip on the jar, released the cabinet door. They all winced as it slammed shut. The toaster's eyes had dropped to the table, and her fingers were nervously playing at a tangle in the hair. Kirby gulped as regret washed over him. \"I…I really didn't mean to slam it…\" the master stammered. Kirby saw the hard look that passed over the Mistress' face. \"Yes, you did,\" she said in a low voice, before busying herself at the sink. The Master stood for a moment in silence before setting the jam on the table. His hand shook, and the load of bread slipped from his grasp. both Toaster and Kirby leaped for it at the same time. \"…Thanks…\" The Master went completely unnoticed as Kirby and Toaster gripped both the loaf and each other's hands. Kirby could feel the warmth in Toaster's fingers, and in his bewilderment, he locked eyes with her, seeing a sliver of hope return. He quickly released her and the bread, and folded his arms as he sat back in the chair. \"Okay, this is ridiculous!\" The Mistress abruptly shut off the water and whirled around to address all of them. \"Rob, we have to address the elephant in the room.\" \"Right now?\" Just managing to pop open the jar, the Master suddenly realized that he had forgotten a spoon. He gave up and dumped a generous helping on a slice of bread. \"I haven't even eaten yet.\" \"Yes, now.\" The Mistress came up behind his chair, her gaze darting between Toaster and Kirby. \"Because I have two complete strangers in my house.\" \"Chris!\" \"It's the truth.\" Her voice was as firm as her words. Kirby knew an apologetic look when he saw one, though, as he returned her gaze. \"I'm not trying to be mean, guys. I just…I don't know where you came from or where you're going…\" \"We came from here.\" Toaster's voice was unusually soft. Kirby couldn't help but notice that she had shifted in her chair as far from the Mistress as she could move. \"Okay, yeah, I get that. John explained it. You came back for a visit. But what…?\" \"We don't have anywhere to go.\" Toaster's sob followed punctuated the answer. Silence fell as all three watched her lay her head on her arms and sob with deep, shaking sobs. The Master's jam laden bread dropped to the table as he stretched out his good arm to pat her back. A horrible feeling passed over Kirby as he watched her. He'd caused this. He'd caused…He swallowed, and ended up gagging as the food he'd just eaten threatened to make a quick appearance. With a gasp, the Mistress shoved the mop bucket into his hands just in time for the food to come frothing past his lips. It burned badly, and he could barely focus on anything else. A glass of water replaced the bucket, and he gratefully sipped from it as the Mistress held the glass steady. \"Chris, can't we talk about this later?\" he heard the Master begging. \"Nobody feels well enough to work this out yet.\" \"Yeah.\" The Mistress sounded strangled. She set the glass on the table. \"Fine. You're right. You're always right. We'll just deal with this later.\" Kirby watched her walk out of the room, her hand covering her mouth as though to hold back sobs of her own. The Master quietly urged Toaster up from the table and guided her up the stairs. \"You just got out of the hospital,\" he was saying, as her sobs faded. \"You just need some more rest. We all need some more rest.\" In a moment, Kirby was at alone in the kitchen. His head spun, and though he forced himself to take another sip of the water, he could feel his body rebelling. Somehow, he made his way back to the couch, and lay back again, watching where the little Master played, blissfully unaware of the adults falling to pieces around him. Though soothed by the baby's peace of mind, Kirby couldn't completely drown out the two veins of sobbing as he fell asleep. Toaster woke from her nap to a runny nose, a pounding head, and a despondency that bested both of them. She sat up on the guest bed, and wiped her nose on her sleeve several times. She'd slept dreamlessly, with only the Master's encouraging voice in her head telling her that everything would be alright and it would all work out. To her bewilderment, She wasn't sure she believed him. She moved to sit up, crossing her legs and resting her head in her hands as a cold ache pounded in her temples. What was wrong with this body? She never been that miserable before. She'd been sad, yes, and she'd cried certainly. But never like this. And she certainly had never been so upset by Kirby before. Kirby had always been a grump, but he had never, ever menaced her like that. How was she going to handle emotions this strong? A soft tap rapped against the door as the handle turned. The Master's red head poked around the side. \"Oh, hey,\" he said in a low voice. \"You're awake. You feel better?\" She wiped her nose once more and forced a smile as she nodded. \"Yeah. Me, too.\" The Master didn't look like he believed her. \"These have been a tough couple of days.\" \"I'm sorry,\" she said, finding her voice still hoarse. \"Nah, it's not your fault.\" He sat on the edge of the bed, ruffling through his pockets. His hand fished out a pocket of tissues, and he handed them to her, smiling all the way. \"Chris has always been kinda high strung.\" \"Is she mad at us? Me and Kirby, I mean.\" The tissue made it easier to clear her nose. The Master sighed. \"Probably more upset at me. We...There were some things I shouldn't have said last night.\" Toaster cringed, remembering their fight. The Master looked even more miserable as he studied the bedspread. \"Never go to bed angry. I guess I should have listened to my folks.\" His face cleared, though, as he looked back at her. \"I was just on my way out to the clinic. A patient just called, and I can't, uh,…\" He rubbed a hand nervously through his hair. \"…It's an emergency.\" \"Right.\" Toaster nodded eagerly. \"You, ah, you want to come?\" Rob's eyes crinkled under his glasses. \"You seemed to like helping with Petunia, and…I don't know if I can handle this one alone either.\" Toaster didn't have to force the smile this time. \"Yes! Please!\" Rob patted her knee and jerked his head toward the door. She followed his example of moving carefully in the hallway and down the stairs. Robbie played in the corner with his toys, and Kirby slept stretched out on the couch, his face pressed into the cushions. Toaster lingered by him while the Master fetched his keys and checked over the baby. She wondered if she and Kirby would ever be able to get past this. Her hand twitched, and she brushed her fingers over the heavy wrinkles in the forehead. The wrinkles eased, and Kirby sighed in his sleep. \"Come on.\" The Master touched her shoulder, and she followed him out. Something woke Kirby from sleep, though he lay motionless for sometime trying to figure out what it had been. Stairs had creaked in his sleep, voices whispering. He glanced over at the front door, wondering if someone had left. It was another hour before the Mistress came down the stairs again, water splashed on her face in an attempt to wash away the tears stains. Kirby, carefully sitting up on the couch, could still see her red nose and swollen eyes. Her smile at him was still warm, however. \"Your stomach feel better?\" she asked, her voice hoarse. Kirby hesitated, straining to feel it. \"I guess,\" he said. \"Nothing has tried to…come back up anyway.\" \"That's good. Maybe it's worth trying to eat something else. Some jello, maybe.\" She sank down into an armchair across from him, near to where Robbie was playing with his toys. \"Rob isn't upstairs. He's probably out at the clinic.\" She snorted. \"He never could stop for anything. But Thea's door was closed, so she must still be sleeping.\" Kirby frowned, touching his forehead where some sensation lingered. \"I guess I should check on her, too. I mean, she wasn't in such great shape after the accident either…\" She trailed off. \"John, I didn't meant to upset her earlier. You…you understand, right?\" \"Of course, I understand,\" Kirby replied, searching her downcast eyes as she pretended to watch her son. \"You just wanted answers. it wasn't your fault anyway,\" he added, as sudden reminder of Toaster's eyes filling with tears struck him. She finally raised her face to him relieved. \"That's exactly what I wanted,\" she exclaimed, not having heard his last sentence. \"It's not like I'm trying to throw anyone out into the street. If you really don't have a place to go…?\" It took him a moment to realize that she was posing a question at him. Perhaps she was afraid of upsetting him, too. Kirby nearly snorted, finding it difficult to imagine breaking down into tears, even in his new state. But, how to explain the problem to the Mistress was a difficult issue. What had Toaster told them? Anything? \"Maybe Rob's right,\" she continued, before he could think of anything to say, \"I'm trying to make decisions too fast. I can't help it. There's so much I have to think about.\" She returned to gazing at the little master, her face straining as every though every thought she had was passing before her eyes. \"We'll have to take out a loan just to repair the van, and we have still those medical bills. Not just Rob's, but Thea's, too, and…\" She stopped the thought abruptly, but Kirby, remembering the hospital himself, knew he was included in that thought. \"…I just don't how long our savings can hold out. And Rob can't work with the state he's in, so I'll-I'll have to find a job. I used to be an accountant. Surely, there's someone around here who needs one. But who's going to look after Robbie while I'm working? It's so much...\" And what about him? Kirby found his own eyes riveting on the baby playing and laughing to himself. What if those hearing nutjobs couldn't find a solution? What if he-and the toaster-were stuck as humans forever? What would they do? Just sleep and wander around the house all day? What use were they without those prime directives that had guided them their whole lives? \"No.\" The Mistress exclaimed, bolting upright in the chair. \"I'm just worrying! I have to take this one step at a time. And the first step should be lunch.\" She rose from the chair. \"especially some easy on your stomach this time. How does chicken noodle soup sound?\". It didn't really sound like anything special. But Kirby nodded his head anyway, and stood to follow her. Immediately on seeing him stand, the little master struggled to his own feet and came barreling up to take his hand. Kirby, surprised, felt the little fingers grab two of his own, and he smiled a deep, satisfied smile, allowing the little boy to lead him into the kitchen. \"Easy, sweetheart, easy…\" Rob's voice made up the silence as Toaster concentrated on the task before them. She couldn't tell if he was talking to her or the rabbit she held on the exam table. Under her hands, the brown lopbunny shivered from shock, still bleeding from the teeth marks in its left ear and side leg. Toaster felt tears pricking her eyes as the Master continued to disinfect the areas he had shaved fur from. Outside, the rabbit's fourteen-year-old owner was still sobbing over the attack. \"I just let him out in the yard for a minute,\" she'd cried, almost as soon as her mother's car had pulled up in front of the clinic. \"I didn't know the Rottweiler was loose in the neighborhood.\" There wasn't any time to comfort her either as the Master had Toaster take the rabbit from her and carry it into the surgery. \"There we go.\" The master held up the cotton ball as he examined the wound. \"Thanks,\" he said, offhand as Toaster took it from him. \"That's all we can do,\" he said at last, straightening up. \"Will he make it?\" she asked, worriedly, watching the poor little thing quiver. She grabbed the nearest rag she could find to wrap around him. \"The bleeding has stopped, and the wounds don't look too bad. We just need to keep him quiet and still. If he makes it through the afternoon, he's got a chance.\" Under the Master's instruction, Toaster placed the rabbit in a nearby little unit, petting the head one more time before closing the door and covering it with a dark sheet. While she worked, she could hear the master explaining his procedure and concerns to the two humans waiting outside. \"...Call you this evening,\" he said over his shoulder as he came back in. Toaster watched him silently as he noted something on his laptop nearby. \"You alright?\" she asked, as he winced. \"Yeah, I just don't like seeing anything hurt like that. It's cruel and nasty. And now I have to call animal control about a dog that some idiot couldn't even take the time to train. They'll have to lock it up, or, or put it down...\" He caught himself and offered her a sheepish smile as he rubbed at his cast. \"I'm just being a downer, Thea. Don't take it personally. You've been a real help.\" Pleasure flowed over her. \"I enjoyed it.\" Her eyes widened as the master raised an eyebrow. \"I mean, I don't like seeing anyone hurt, and I was glad to help…\" You \"…the rabbit.\" \"I know the feeling.\" The master adjusted his glasses with his free hand. \"I don't like seeing animals in pain either. I don't like to see them helpless.\" He chuckled. \"I don't like to see anything helpless, actually. If I can keep it from being locked up, tortured, or thrown out, I would.\" \"You never throw anything away,\" Toaster agreed, looking him over fondly. \"Huh?\" Toaster flushed, realizing her error. \"Oh, uh…I noticed you have a lot of…older…appliances around.\" The master accepted the explanation with another chuckle. \"Yeah, I do. Some of them are things my folks used when I was a kid. Others…well, it doesn't seem fair to just toss things aside just because they've stopped working.\" Toaster watched him stroke the keys on the surgery computer. \"Those things from my childhood…well, I didn't really have a lot of friends growing up. It's just comfortable to have them around. Old friends.\" \"Old friends,\" Toaster agreed, flushing again. \"you're so wonderful.\" \"You think?\" The Master suddenly busied himself cleaning up the table which he'd already wiped down. Toaster laughed. She'd embarrassed him. \"You are so kind and thoughtful!\" \"And you have one happy laugh,\" he stated. \"You are such a happy person.\" \"Is that alright?\" she asked, reaching up to touch her hair again, as though happiness was as problematic as the tangles her fingers kept catching.\" \"Well, it wouldn't be much of a world without happy people, would it?\" That was the best observation she'd heard all day. Without a second thought, she put her arms around the Master for a hug; something she'd always wanted to do. The one handed hug he gave her was awkward and punctuated with his nervous laugh, but its genuine warmth was exactly what she had wanted for days. It erased the nastiness of Kirby's glares and the Mistress's biting, distrustful looks. Toaster could only hope, as the master patted her head, that he felt just as comforted by her touch. \"Well, don't let me interrupt anything.\" They both jumped apart at the sound of the Mistress' voice. Toaster's heart sank as the Master released her and the moment passed. \"Chris…\" \"Lunch is ready. Just come and find me when you've got a sec. You know? Your wife? The veterinary widow.\" The Mistress's eyes darted to Toaster before she slammed the door shut behind her. Toaster wrapped her arms around herself as the master groaned. She didn't quite understand, but knew somehow, once again, this was her fault. They couple was already disappearing from the kitchen and up the stairs when Toaster entered the kitchen, but she could guess from the surprise on Kirby's face that the argument had already started. \"What did you do now?\" he demanded, sounding more bewildered then accusing as he rose from the kitchen table. Toasteronly shook her head and passed by him into the living room. She took a seat at the bottom of the staircase, listening to the shouting upstairs; none of it intelligible. \"I thought you were still upstairs.\" Kirby had followed her. He towered over her, though it occurred to Toaster that he didn't quite know how to handle his newfound height. She tried not to cower. \"The Master asked me to help him in the clinic.\" \"You? Why?\" \"Because he needs help.\" Toaster snapped. \"Haven't you noticed that his arm's in a cast?\" \"Of course, I noticed.\" Kirby bristled at her, folding his arms. He backed away from her though, and Toaster breathed in relief. \"Anybody can see that he needs help.\" \"Exactly.\" \"That's why the mistress went out. To talk to him about getting help.\" The eyes were watching her curiously, the bushy eyebrows menacing. \"So why are they arguing again?\" \"How should I know! She saw me, and she just…she just…\" Slowly, it dawned on Toaster. \"She saw me . Every time she sees me . Kirby.\" Tears were swelling at the corner of her eyes. \"She doesn't like me.\" \"That's not true.\" Kirby suddenly seemed uncomfortable. \"And don't cry again. You…you look ridiculous when you cry.\" \"I can't help it.\" Toaster could hear the sob in her voice, and she tried to swallow it back. \"She doesn't like me, and the master needs me, and I don't know what to do…\" She buried her face in her hands. You look ridiculous when you cry…you look ridiculous when you cry. No, that just made everything ache worse. Then, she felt the touch on her hair; light and gentle, like fingers still clumsy with their function. Her tears stopped in their tracks, replaced by a hope that the touch would linger. A door upstairs slammed, and before Toaster could raise her head, the touch was gone. She blinked up to find Kirby leaning against the couch, as far away from her as he could get, staring up at the top of the staircase. She barely had enough time to scramble to her feet as the Mistress stormed down the steps. The Mistress stopped directly in front of her, arms crossed and face unbearably cold. Toaster leaned against the railing for support, and protection, she suddenly realized, gulping under that cold look. \"Oh, stop looking at me like that!\" the Mistress exploded, clenching her fists. \"Why do you always look at me like I'm going to hit you? I don't hurt people! I'm not the bad guy...! Ugh!\" She shut her eyes and drew in a breath. Toaster glanced up to find the Master coming slowly down the stairs behind her, watching her with as much caution as toaster felt. \"You're not getting kicked out,\" the Mistress finally said in a calmer voice. \"Either of you.\" She included Kirby with a wave of her hand. \"This is…a bad situation…but we can handle this.\" The Master rested his good hand on her shoulder, and the Mistress took another breath. \"I'm going to the basement to find Rob's cot for John. Maybe we can set it up in the laundry room…or the kitchen…I don't know. We'll figure it out.\" Toaster quickly moved aside as the Mistress headed for the basement. \"Don't worry, Thea,\" the Master said when his wife had gone. He looked haggard and tired, but at least he could manage a smile. \"it's going to be okay,\" \"Are you sure?\" Toaster asked, risking a glance at Kirby. His expression gave her no comfort whatsoever. \"Yeah, I am.\" Rob ran a hand through his hair. \"Chris just... It's just…\" He made some expression with his fingers, as though there were no words to describe. \"Look, I really appreciate the help you've given me.\" \"You're welcome.\" \"And I'd really like it if you kept helping.\" Toaster could hardly believe her ears. She clasped her hands together. \"Really?\" Now he truly smiled; that old boyish smile of his. \"Really. It's not like I can do much with a cast on…and I can't just stop my practice. We need the patients, and we need the money. More than ever now. And if you can help-you know, handle the heavy lifting- I can keep on working. Besides, you need a place to stay. Both of you.\" He turned his smile to Kirby, who remained silent and watchful. \"Chris understands that.\" \"Does she?\" Toaster glanced towards the basement, where sounds of plastic boxes scratched along concrete. \"Well…she's trying.\" The master clasped his hand on her shoulder. \"Just give her some time,\" he whispered into her ear. \"She'll see what you're like, just like I do.\" \"You do?\" Toaster had never felt so relieved in her life. \"I like to think I'm a good judge of character,\" the Master said, heading for his study. Toaster did feel better. Though the Mistress was raging in the basement, she knew it would be okay. She smiled at Kirby, only to receive a stony gaze in return. \"You still blame me for this, don't you?\" Without an answer, Kirby pushed past her into the basement. Toaster sank down to the step again, looking at the little master as he toddled over to her. \"Why isn't this getting any easier?\" she asked him, as he put his hands in her hair. Kirby stood at the bottom of the basement stairs, watching the Mistress struggle with the boxes from the long iron shelving that bordered each side of the room. She moved like a woman possessed, hefting one box at a time to the floor and tearing off the lid to rummage through it. \"Oh, come on,\" she exclaimed through gritted teeth as she dug through pile after pile. \"That crap has to be in one of these!\" She didn't seem to notice Kirby's arrival as she began to kick boxes out of her way. He marveled watching her, not sure if he was more impressed with her newfound strength or concerned for her sudden disdain for her own safety as she began reaching for boxes high out of her reach. He moved quickly, though, when one heavy box suddenly threatened to topple on her head and caught it before she even saw the danger. \"Thanks,\" she exclaimed, breathlessly, as he hefted the box over her head and down on the floor. \"You should be careful,\" he said, pausing to wipe the dust off the lid. The words \"Camping Gear\" revealed themselves under his hand. \"I should be a lot of things, according to my husband.\" She sighed as she read the label he'd found. \"Of course, this would be the one.\" Kirby stepped out of her way as she pried open the lid and began to yank out piece to the cot. \"It wouldn't help anyone if you were hurt,\" Kirby added, watching her closely. For a moment, she hesitated, head bent over the box and hands gripping the sides. He could see her arms shaking, and reached up with one hand to brush at her eyes. No teary eyes. He couldn't stand anymore teary eyes. In panic, he brushed her aside. \"I'll do it,\" he announced, pulling out each piece of the cot frame and handing them to her. In silence, they emptied the box and assembled the frame, saying very little to each other if they could manage without it. Both ended up with dust and grime on their clothes, but Kirby felt all the better for having something worth doing when the cot sat assmbled before them. The Mistress seconded his sentiment with a smile; a genuine smile without a trace of tears. \"I never did thank you for cleaning up the kitchen,\" she said, dusting off her jeans. \"That was above and beyond.\" \"That was nothing.\" \"That was kind,\" the Mistress insisted. \"And...I haven't been kind lately.\" \"You're kind,\" Kirby protested, unable to keep the gruffness out of his voice. \"You've been through a lot.\" \"No, I really haven't. Rob was the one who ended up in that accident, and Thea...John, why does Thea keep looking at me like that?\" \"She's not sensible,\" Kirby snapped, as a vision of Toaster bursting into tears on the staircase attacked him. \"That's why. She's well meaning, but she's not sensible. She doesn't think things through.\" \"Rob doesn't either. It's not like we need a plan right this second, but he can't just keep putting things off.\" She put the lid back on the box. Kirby took it from her before she could try lifting it herself. \"There are some things we have to face, and it's better if we talk them out together.\" \"Together.\" Kirby's stomach turned, and he knew it wasn't the soup making it quesy. The Mistress pushed loose strands of hair from her tired face as she leaned against the shelves. \"Why is it the people we love make everything so damn difficult?\" The people we...Kirby seized the cot. \"I can sleep down here,\" he announced. He hefted it up and set it down in a far corner of the room, turning it to face the stairs. \"But it's cold,\" the Mistress tried to protest. \"I don't mind the cold,\" he replied, not really giving a damn at that moment. \"It'll be out of the way, and I'll get some time to myself. And if you need help, I'm your vacuum.\" He stopped cold as he realized what he'd said, but the Mistress only laughed. \"A vacuum, right. After the way you cleaned up the kitchen this morning, I'd say that was spot on.\" She brought over a set of sheets and a blanket she'd pulled from another box. \"Thanks, John. I'll think it over.\" Kirby found it easy that time to return her smile. Even as he sat on the cot, feeling the thin mattress and springs, some part of him told him he could handle it. For a while, anyway. For a while.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: Any Life Worth Living Isn't Life Just Filled with Ease The next day was the Master's doctor's appointment. \"We'll probably head over to the garage to look at the van,\" the Mistress told Kirby, as she fished through her purse. \"I can already guess the answer: it's a no go. So we might end up looking for a used one. Not that we can afford it…\" Her thought trailed off as she glanced at the newspaper clippings she pulled out. Kirby already knew what they were. The Mistress had spent yesterday evening looking through want ads and circling possibilities. She seemed to work without a clear purpose as she noted every opening from school administrative assistant to newspaper delivery. It occurred to him that she was working off the morning's nervous energy, and he wondered if his persistence on cleaning up the kitchen after lunch and dinner that day had burdened her more than it helped. The Mistress had always worked better with clear goals in mind. \"You sure you don't mind watching Robbie?\" She glanced up at him again. \"We can take him with us…\" The little master, who had insisted on Kirby holding him after breakfast, was currently clinging to his neck and tugging at his moustache again. His curiosity and sweet nature was just the balm Kirby needed after his lonely, fitful sleep alone in the drafty basement. No way was he setting him down for one minute. \"He'll be fine,\" he insisted. \"You need to focus on your errands. You need…\" Kirby sought the right words, examining her tired, worried face… \"A change of pace.\" \"Well, it will be some change,\" the Mistress replied, rolling her eyes. \"I'm just going to call in at a few places while we're getting Rob's meds. The pharmacy is hiring part-time; that would be convenient.\" She read over her clippings again before folding them and deliberately placing them back in her purse. \"\"Alright,\" she announced, finality in her voice. \"We just need to get through this.\" She shouldered her purse. \"I made up a bottle for Robbie in the fridge, and there are some containers of mashed carrots and strawberries on the bottom shelf for his lunch. Some bananas, too...Oh, if he gets fussy about being the house, you could take him to the park.\" She looked sharply at Kirby and bit her lip. \"Yeah,\" she said, nodding, \"Yeah, that would be alright. He hasn't had an outing in ages, and the park is a safe place.\" \"The park?\" Kirby glanced out the kitchen window, taking in the sunlight and shadows of trees waving before the blinds. Outside, with just the little master? \"It's the new one the town put in. The corner down the street, right by the bus stop. You could go after lunch, when there's more kids. He really should be around kids his own age, but I haven't really wanted to put him in daycare…\" She cut herself off by opening the backdoor. \"Rob! Are you ready?\" The Master shouted some answer Kirby couldn't hear. \"Alright, I'm starting the car.\" On instinct, Kirby took a step back as she walked directly to him, but she only kissed the little master's cheek. \"Be good for John, Robbie. We'll be back soon.\" And she was gone. Doors open and closed, and a car engine clicked into life somewhere in the distance. Shifting the little master carefully in his arms, Kirby glanced out the living room window as the rental car backed out of the driveway and zoomed out of sight. He stood watching the road long after the car left, listening to the little master babble as tiny hands played with fistfuls of his hair. Even then, the house was quieter than Kirby had ever known a house to be. A clock ticked away, echoing through the vastness. He didn't even know where Toaster had gone. They'd barely spoken to each other at dinner the night before, and she'd made only a quick appearance at breakfast before following the Master out to the clinic. For all he knew, she was still out there, wandering around without direction and getting herself into who knew what trouble. \"Just like she always does,\" he muttered, staring out into the empty world beyond the window. The little master fussed and nearly tore the mustache off. \"Confladded thing.\" Kirby gritted his teeth against the throbbing pain as he turned back for the fridge. The baby was soon pacified with an early snack of mashed strawberries and bananas. Even after locating the containers the Mistress had labelled, he kept opening the door to examine contents of the fridge, running his hands over other containers and boxes. He pulled out a tray of chicken breasts, half opened, and wrinkled his nose. What did humans need with so much variety, anyway? \"You feel better, big fella?\" Ratso called, as he swung open the cage door. \"No more puking today?\" \"I just have a sensitive stomach,\" Kirby muttered at him. The soup at lunch the day before had gone down nicely, but the dinner of tacos later ln hadn't sat so well. Too many spices running together, with beef that was too heavy. He'd at least managed to make it to the bathroom before emptying his belly. He couldn't figure out how Toaster could eat with such relish. \"You know, you might want to figure out something youse can eat, or there'll be nothing left when those hearing aids finally figure youse guys out.\" \"Did they find something?\" Kirby jumped at the sound of the voice and nearly hit his head against the fridge. He rubbed the nape of his heck as he turned to look at the Toaster, making her way to the little master's highchair. He hadn't even heard the backdoor open. \"Not a thing,\" Ratso answered before Kirby could reprimand her. \"Oh, sure they can toss out some big words and numbers. But does it mean anything? Nope!\" \"Well, that should make you happy,\" Kirby said, slamming the fridge door hard. Toaster sent him a withering look. \"Kirby, what's that supposed to mean?\" He watched her smile as she bent over the little master, swishing her hair before the baby's face. Even at a distance, Kirby could see the tangles forming into rats' nests (he wondered how well Ratso would handle that cliche). The sun glinted off each wave as it flew back and forth. Between each, kirby could see that familiar smile. \"You ran off fast this morning,\" Ratso continued, as Toaster cooed to the little Master. \"Hot date out in the clinic?\" He clicked his teeth. \"We were checking on the rabbit. He's doing wonderfully!\" Toaster either didn't understand Ratso's intent or chose to ignore it. \"You didn't eat anything,\" Kirby blurted out before he could think better of it. Just why he found himself so focused on food of all things, he didn't know. Toaster stopped swishing her hair to look at him. \"I didn't think you noticed.\" Kirby swallowed as her eyes fixed on him. \"Why wouldn't I notice? You missed perfectly good oatmeal.\" That was staying down, thank his luck. \"The master gave me some bread and jelly.\" Her tone had lightened. \"Besides, I wasn't that hungry.\" \"Well, we have to take care of ourselves.\" He shifted under her smile. \"Who knows when those idiots will figure something out.\" \"I'm okay.\" Her face shone. \"Thank you for caring.\" \"Hmm.\" He couldn't handle her look anymore. He turned and continued digging through the fridge, though withoit purpose as his hand reached for every odd thing that caught his eye. Caring? \"I just don't want either of us to do anything to jeopardize getting changed again.\" \"It's not like we could!\" Toaster's laugh inspired the little master, who joined right in. \"These bodies are so big and wonderful, Kirby! I can do all sorts of things! Look!\" Ratso's \"whoa!\" and the little master's shriek alarmed Kirby before he even had a chance to tell her no. He turned in time to see the Toaster's feet kicking up in the air, and her hair dangling over her hands as she tried to steady herself. \"Stop that!\" He knocked his head against the fridge again as he rushed to keep her from falling backwards. But the Toaster wasn't adept at handstands yet, and she righted herself before he could reach her. \"But see?\" she said, standing on two feet this time, to his relief. Her hair covered her face, muffling her voice. \"There's so much more we can do now!\" She parted the hair from her face like a veil and beamed at him. He grabbed at his chest, wincing. That heart was beating hard enough to burst. \"You just about cracked your head on the tile, and you think that's a good thing?\" \"I should think we should try as much as we can. I'm going to experience everything I can while I still have the chance!\" Her eyes dimmed some as she studied him. \"Don't you want to do the same? Even a little?\" If she didn't stop looking at him like that, his heart was going to explode. \"Just what do you think I am? I may be trapped in this thing, but I nothing more than an appliance. And so are you,\" he added. \"Come on, Kirby,\" Toaster begged. Her fingers rested on his hand as she looked hopefully, wistfully at him. \"Let's go outside! Let's…let's have a picnic!\" Her eyes brightened again. \"We can bring the little master!\" \"Absolutely not!\" He yanked his hand away from the burning sensation of those warm little fingers. \"You go do whatever you want! Explore, experience. Get it out of your system. I am staying inside, safe, until this thing gets worked out. \"But Kirby.\" Toaster rubbed her fingers with her other hand, as though comforting them. \"What are you going to do all day?\" \"For your information, I will be keeping the little master safe, and…and reading!\" Catching the stack of books the Mistress had left, Kirby seized the first book he could get his hands on and waved it in Toaster's face. Toaster looked bemused. \"You're going to read a cookbook?\" Kirby flipped the book over in his hands. Sure enough, the title page read Ms. Butterworth's Recipes. \"Yes,\" he responded, slowly. \"You'd rather read a cook book than come outside with me?\" Kirby felt his heart tighten. \"Yes.\" He placed emphasis on the decision by plunking down in the nearest chair and throwing open the cover to the first page. \"Soups and seasonings,\" he read aloud from the index. \"Just what I was looking for.\" Toaster stood silently, unsure. \"Kirby.\" \"We don't have any business being human. Now, go find something else to do. I'm busy.\" He leaned back in the chair, crossing his legs to rest the book on them, and started reading. Tried to, at least. His eyes never left the title word soup as his ears strained for sounds of movement from the toaster. As though finally deciding that he was unmovable, she sighed, ruffled the little master's hair and left through the kitchen door. She was careful not to let it swing shut behind her, but even the clicking sound of it closing was as loud to his ears as a slam. \"You're a moron,\" Ratso cheerfully informed him. Kirby chose to ignore him. Toaster didn't make another appearance that morning. It was easy to ignore that fact for the first hour or two. The cookbook, though he had grabbed it by mistake, had become more enthralling with each recipe he poured over. Who knew cooking was so structured? So fascinating? You combined things, simmered things, baked things into every shape and dish possible. The chicken pot pie especially kept calling his name; probably because of the chicken breasts he had touched earlier. But as noon rapidly approached, Kirby found himself getting more and more restless. He left the book and the table several times to pace between the kitchen and the living room, taking glances through each window he passed. The little master thought it was a game at one point, and trotted behind him, dragging Blanky along. \"Why don't you just go get her, you dummy?\" Ratso exclaimed when he passed by for the fourth time. \"I don't know what you're talking about,\" Kirby grumbled. He rummaged through the cabinets for the little master's lunch, selecting the box of crackers and jar of peanut butter-the little master's favorite- and even grudgingly shoved a few crackers into Ratso's unit. \"Thanks, Pal!\" Ratso nibbled at a cracker with relish. \"I don't see why I should have to chase that bread head down,\" Kirby continued, scooping the little master up and setting him in his highchair. \"If she's perfectly happy outside, then she can just stay out there.\" \"Yeah, don't know how, since there's no food in the clinic.\" Ratso emphasized that by finishing off a second cracker in two bites and licking the salt from his fingers. \"Believe, me I've looked. she's gotta be hungry by now.\" As if he needed a reminder. Kirby's fingers lingered briefly over a third plate as picked out two for himself and the little master. \"Then she better be prepared to feed herself. If she wants to stay human.\" But he grabbed a third plate anyway. It took some time to wrestle the lid off the peanut butter. Spreading the peanut butter with a knife didn't prove much easier, as he found after smearing it all over his fingers and the plate. His fingers were thick and awkward, and he actually envied the Toaster's smaller hands as he snapped cracker after cracker. Eventually, he managed to make up enough for himself and the little master, and Ratso was perfectly happy eating the first few disasters. Kirby hesitantly took up a cracker himself after watching the little master eat one with gusto. A rumbling stomach didn't make the nutty goop look any more appetizing, and one bite firmly convinced him that it wouldn't become his favorite food. The third plate remained cold and untouched across from him. Kirby tried hard to ignore it as he cleaned the little master's face and gathered the other plates, but its very presence made the Toaster's absence all the more obvious. He caught himself scanning the backyard as he washed the dishes. No sign of her whatsoever. \"Is she just hiding in the clinic now?\" he fumed. \"You could always go and find out.\" Ratso's sing-song words rankled Kirby as much as his unspoken 'told you so' smirk. Kirby guffawed and fixed his gaze on his soapy hands. \"Besides, I can't leave the little master alone inside,\" he continued his thought outloud. \"Who knows what sort of trouble he could get into?\" \"Yeah, especially since there's only me and some appliances here to look after him.\" Ratso gestured toward Blanky, lying up against the highchair. The sight of the electric blanket sent made Kirby's stomach lurch. Or maybe he just hadn't eaten enough. Who knew what was wrong with this body? \"You idiots couldn't keep him safe if there were ten of each of you,\" he retorted, going back to the fridge. He found those chicken breasts again, and the onions, eggs, and milk the recipe had called for. There was American cheese instead of mozerella; would that affect the taste? The door rustled. \"That was the wind,\" Ratso informed him as he looked up eagerly. \"i promised the Mistress I would look after him,\" Kirby replied, ignoring the infuriating grin, \"and I'm going to keep that promise.\" He ducked his head down to rummage through the lower shelves for pie crusts. Normally the Mistress kept pre-made ones on hand...or was that only for the holidays...? \"So, take him with you.\" Ratso indicated the window. \"The Mistress said you could take him outside, didn't she?\" \"Outside?\" The little master was now tugging at Kirby's pant's leg, smiling widely. \"She said the park.\" \"Well, the park is outside, ain't it? Geez, you don't gotta be a genius to figure that out!\" Kirby didn't have a rebuttal for that one. His gaze drifted from the smiling baby to the window again, and he slowly closed the fridge door. This time he wasn't looking for the Toaster; he was comparing the sunshine to that day long ago when he'd stepped out into the world for the first time in his life. The memory passed before his eyes, bringing with it every old, odd sensation: weight of the chair with the battery strapped tightly at its base... the smaller appliances gathered on its seat...watching the cabin door open before him... Ratso must have kept talking, but Kirby felt the memory controlling his every movement. Thoughts of chicken pot pie slowly faded as he gathered the little master into his arms and headed for the hall closet. Mechanically, he pulled out the single stroller. The little master squealed when he saw the stroller and scrambled to sit in the seat, chirping one word which Kirby understood well enough to be 'park'. Somehow, he managed to find the diaper bag and pack the little master's juice cup without much conscious thought. \"We'll be back,\" he told Ratso, without waiting for the response. Perhaps it wasn't even Ratso he was speaking to, considering the electric blanket now resting on the sofa. His neck prickled as he sensed other ears listening, but even then he found himself fixating solely on the door looming before him. He clutched the stroller handles tightly, feeling the little Master wiggling in his seat. The last time Kirby had stood before a door like this...but he was different now, after all. Even the Toaster had that right. It wasn't like he'd end up eating a grassy carpet again, or pushing through a thicket. Or nearly losing Lampy and Blanky to an electric storm, or watching his friends plunge to their doom down a waterfall. Nothing like that first adventure could ever happen again. Could it? \"Okay, Kirby.\" Toaster's voice urged from that distant memory. Experiences to talk about later...Mustering whatever stubbornness the voice lent him, he reached out and opened the door. The walk down to the park took far longer than Kirby thought possible. The community park, only just finished, was not more than half a block from the house, but the anxiety that weighed on him as he drew closer and closer seemed heavier than the July warmth. It had been pleasant going at first. The sun lapped that enveloped him when he stepped out onto the porch made his skin tingle. The scent of the grass and the breeze was stronger than he'd noticed. But there had been no sign of toaster anywhere about; not even in the clinic. He'd found the doors completely locked, and no amount of knocking could get them opened. She just wasn't there. Or she's sulking and ignoring you. Kirby wasn't sure which idea was better: that she was ignoring him and staying out of sight inside, or that she had wandered off from the clinic and house altogether, going down a path he couldn't even guess. But he didn't know where to begin looking, and the little master had gotten restless with his hesitation. So he found himself following the directions the Mistress had given him, glancing back over his shoulder every few minutes just to be sure the idiot wasn't following a ways behind. Shouts greeted him as the park came into view: the jungle gym with two yellow slides and two sets of swings were swarming with small children, barely older than the little master. To anyone familiar with the sight, it looked happy and inviting. What turned kirby's mouth dry was the sight of mothers gathered around the benches, surrounded by strollers and their tinier tots. He nearly turned back. What was he thinking, going outside by himself? Heading directly into crowds of strangers. Hadn't the hospital been bad enough, with people coming and going? What had the mistress been thinking? To keep her son occupied, of course! What else was any mother thinking? And the minute the park with its screaming banshees came into view, the little master began kicking his legs in his seat and straining against his seatbelt. No, Kirby realized, he couldn't turn back now. He couldn't disappoint the little master. So very aware of the eyes that snapped to him, he carefully unbuckled the baby from the stroller and watched him run at full steam towards the crowd. He found himself gripping the stroller like a life line, and focused on breathing as his stomach heaved. He was thirsty again. Toaster roused slowly from sleep as threads of light tickled her eyes. The shadow of the willow she'd fallen asleep under had shifted as the sun changed direction, and now she found herself bathed in warmth instead of the cool breeze that had first lulled her to sleep. She didn't mind it, though, stretching out. She'd had the nicest nap, with her head had pillowed on a think patch of grass, and the ground around the pond just soft enough to serve as a suitable mattress. Probably even better than the guest room bed, she smiled to herself, looking out over the pond again. Plopping noises burst along the still water as turtles stuck their heads out here and there. She was so glad she'd taken the opportunity to explore it. It was just as peaceful as the Master had said. \"When we first moved here, I used to just take a quick walk and toss rocks across,\" he'd told her when they entered the clinic that morning. \"It was just a quiet place where I could gather my thoughts; get a little alone time.\" He'd paused before unlocking the clinic door, glancing off towards the field behind the house with a sigh. \"Chris will just get upset if I try to go now.\" \"That's a shame,\" Toaster had replied, helping him out with the key. \"Well...there will be another time.\" But he sounded wistful even as he said it. The idea had tickled the back of her mind as they checked on the rabbit, and wasn't forgotten even in the excitement of finding him hopping around his unit, eating the alfalfa the Master had given him. Toaster had laughed to see him press his front paw and his twitching nose against the bars to greet them. He would still need time to rest, and his back legs would limp when he tried to hop, but he was alive and happy. Perhaps it was even that little but of encouragement that persuaded her to seek the Master's favorite spot. So when he and the Mistress had left, and Kirby had given her the cold shoulder yet again, it was directly to the pond she had headed. What a shame Kirby couldn't see it. Wouldn't see it. She sat up and hugged her legs. He was missing out on so many opportunities by being such a grump. There was so much to try-she'd even tried another handstand (which sent her sprawling on her back, but who was there to point that out?)-and they could share it together. \"Why can't he see that?\" she asked the pond. Her stomach rumbled for answer, and she pressed her hand against it. How long had she been asleep anyhow? She squinted up at the sky before scrambling to her feet. The Master and the Mistress could have been back by now, and though Kirby and the Mistress might not care if she ever showed up again, she knew the Master would fret over her. She headed back to the house as quickly as her feet could take her, both refreshed from her nap and spurred on by her complaining belly. The rental car wasn't in the driveway, to her relief. At least she'd be inside before they came back. So it was only Kirby she'd have to face again. \"Wonder what mood he's in now?\" she muttered darkly, as the sharp reminder of their last fight weighed on her. It was a surprise, then, that the sound of whistling greeted her as she opened the front door. The little master was leaping around the living room in some energetic game, Blanky held tight between his hands, but the whistling was coming from the kitchen. Not ratso's shrill whistling, but someone else's. \"Kirby?\" she exclaimed, finding him bent over something in the kitchen. The whistling broke off. Kirby started and whirled around, revealing splashes of white flour and yellow soup on his shirt, and clutching a spool in the Mistress's favorite mixing bowl. His face went red, as though she had caught him in the middle of something terrible. Before he could answer, Ratso yawned loudly from his unit, awakening from a nap. \"Well, well, so the progidal appliance returns.\" He yawned again. \"About time, too. You missed lunch, but you'll get a performance dinner piece, if you can stand the entertainer.\" \"You're cooking?\" Toaster asked, focusing on Kirby. The cookbook was propped up against the wall before him, its pages smudged with finger prints and wrinkled from someone not used to handling them. Kirby immediately turned so that the bowl was out of her sight. \"Well, I just thought I-I'd been reading it, so…\" \"And he got some cooking tips,\" Ratso interrupted, with a snicker. \"What that mom tell you? Use olive oil on the pie crust instead of Crisco? Of course, Kirby would run into a vegan nut at the park.\" \"You went to the park?\" Toaster couldn't decide if she was exhiliarted or annoyed. \"You said you didn't want to go out.\" \"I didn't go out.\" Kirby looked as befuddled as he sounded. \"i-the mistress said to take the little master to the park.\" \"Oh, I see.\" The peace and confidence she'd found at the pond melted away. \"You're happy to do something the Mistress says. You just didn't want to come out with me.\" \"I went out to find you.\" \"You didn't try very hard.\" Kirby's gruffness returned. \"Well, Where were you anyway? Getting lost out there, trying to get yourself hurt or worse.\" He turned his back on her completely, focusing on his task again.\" \"I walked down to the pond.\" Toaster slid into a seat, weary (so much for that refreshing nap). \"I didn't think you'd…what was the park like?\" she asked, hoping to quell the fight. \"Loud.\" Kirby slapped the bowl on the counter and began to struggle with a box of rolled pie crusts. \"Yeah?\" Toaster encouraged. \"Too many kids. A big one knocked the little master down.\" \"Oh, no! Was he hurt?\" The little master was making quite a racket as he hopped across the rug. Kirby grunted. \"Not really. He got back on the slide without even crying.\" \"I'll say! It was that kid who got the living hell beat out of him!\" Ratso slapped his knee. \"Tell her what you told me, Kirby! How his big fat mother charged into the playground to drag him off by his ear.\" \"I never said she was fat,\" Kirby muttered as he poured the contents of the bowl into the crust. Toaster, recalling her own baking disaster, envied the masterful way he steadied the bowl. \"She was just...larger. And I never said she charged or dragged him off. She made him apologize to the little master, anyway, and that's all that matters.\" \"Sure, that and the fact that she wouldn't leave you alone after that!\" Even Toaster smothered a laugh at the glare Kirby sent the rat. \"You weren't even there, newspaper butt.\" \"Oh, come on, that's what you said.\" Finding Toaster an eager audience, Ratso turned fully to her. \"So she's apologizing and apologizing, and Kirby tells her its alright, the little master wasn't hurt. Then these other mothers come up and start putting him through the third degree. You think they'd never seen a man bring a kid to the park!\" \"it was not the third degree.\" \"You said they wanted your name, and where you lived! Get this, Toaster, one of em thinks Kirby's sweet for bringing his friend's baby to the park. Sweet! Its Kirby, am I right?\" Ratso fell back in his cage as he clutched his sides. \"They think Kirby's some kind of male nanny! One hour there, and he's got a whole park of ladies hanging on his every word.\" \"They were not.\" Kirby bunched over the oven, trying to hide his face, but even Toaster could see the flush on the back of his neck. \"You made friends!\" she exclaimed, awed. \"Kirby, you enjoyed it!\" \"Shut up.\" \"But that's wonderful!\" Toaster could hardly contain herself. \"See? There's nothing wrong with having experiences! It feels great!\" She rushed out of her chair to bend over him while he checked the oven. \"You should come with me to the pond next! You'll love how great it is! And I can go to the park with you and the little master next time…\" \"There won't be a next time.\" Kirby slammed the oven door. \"I did not enjoy myself; they were not hanging on my every word. See if I ever tell that rat anything again.\" \"Well, excuse me for living.\" Ratso sulked in his armchair. Toaster studied Kirby's pinched expression. \"Kirby, why can't you admit that this isn't so bad after all?\" Without catching herself, Toaster put a hand on his arm. For a moment an electric shock passed through her, and she could feel Kirby shiver. Slowly, they locked eyes with each other, and she could see his nostrils flare as he drew in a shaky breath. \"Kirby,\" she whispered, searching his widened eyes, \"what are you so afraid of?\" She waited as his lips parted, leaning closer to hear his words. \"We're home.\" The Master's voice rang out as the front door opened. In a moment, the McGroartys were stumbling into the kitchen, and Kirby found the excuse he needed to brush off the Toaster's hand. He grasped the kitchen counter for support as Toaster immediately went to help the Master with his bag. The touch was gone, and just as he had realized that the caress on his forehead had not been a dream at all, now he could relax. Whatever had happened, that heat coursing through him when she laid her hand on him began to cool. He fought to control himself. He turned back to the cookbook, pretending to focus on it as the Master made some mention of supplies and Toaster followed him out to the car. \"Just make sure everything is out of the trunk,\" the Mistress said as she walked into the kitchen, carrying a box. \"I have to make sure the rental car is cleaned out before I take it back tomorrow.\" She barely seemed to notice Kirby as he carried the cookbook to the table, getting well out of her way. \"Good, he was good,\" he answered when she asked, weakly, how the little master had been. \"I took him to the park, like you suggested.\" He could swear he heard Ratso snicker. \"Oh, thank you.\" The Mistress washed her hands at the sink. \"Did he have fun?\" \"Yes.\" Kirby remembered watching the little master play. He'd never realized how hard it was on the little boy to be cooped up alone inside. Sure, he had Blanky and the other appliances, but he needed little people his own age to play with. And their mothers…Kirby stared at the cookbook, flushing as he remembered. The freckled kid hadn't hurt the little master, and probably hadn't meant to shove him down to get to the slide. His mother, however, was just certain that her son had scarred him for life. \"He doesn't do things like that. Honestly!\" Kirby had blinked down into the worried face, red with trying to make amends. Judy Toll. She hadn't stopped talking for a moment, no matter how hard he tried to get away. When her two friends joined them, he'd been utterly trapped. \"Mary Hildago.\" The brunette rolled her eyes as she shifted a toothy baby on her hip. \"No relation to the horse.\" \"Colette Savage.\" The third grinned elfishly, her pixie cut helping the effect along. Kirby had only nodded roughly before realizing that they were waiting for an introduction. \"Kirby.\" He'd had to swallow the dryness back in his throat. \"John,\" he added as a quick afterthought. The name felt thick on his tongue. But, just like that, their suspicion was gone. His hand was shaken so many time his arm nearly fell off, and their chatter threatened to shatter his eardrums. But it was friendly. Ratso may have been exaggerating everything Kirby had told him, but even he couldn't exaggerate the relief Kirby had felt. \"It was nice,\" he said out loud. \"It was very nice.\" \"Good. I'm glad to hear it went well.\" The answer was flat. Kirby cocked an eye towards her. The Mistress had dumped her purse on the counter and was pouring over her newspaper clipping again. \"Um, how was it?\" He asked, noting crosses in the circles now. \"No luck,\" she said, sighing, as she crumbled a clipping and tossed it towards the trashcan. And missed. \"Rob's arm is healing just fine, but the van is a waste of time. It's going to be the bus from now on until we can save for a used one.\" She slumped over the counter. \"And the pharmacy position was already filled. The bank wants too many hours. I couldn't, not with Rob and the baby. It's not happening.\" Kirby watched her rest her head in her arms. \"Rob doesn't really want me to take on a job right now anyway. He won't say it, but I know.\" Kirby grunted noncommittally, then started as she suddenly strode to him for a bear hug. \"But thanks for all your help. I mean it. Looking after Robbie and taking him to the park.\" He breathed when she released him. \"We stopped by a store to get you and Thea some things. Combs, toothbrushes, toothpaste, some clothes. Thea's been wearing some of my things, but we didn't have anything to fit you. I hope second-hand is okay. You'll have to try them on, though…\" The Mistress sniffed the air. \"You…you made dinner?\" she asked, turning to the oven. Kirby couldn't help the swell of pride as she opened the oven and glanced at the pots. \"Chicken pot pie? Homemade? John, it smells terrific!\" \"it was just something I was reading,\" he mumbled, fingering the cookbook. \"I…I hope that's alright.\" \"You watched the baby all morning, took him to the park, and cooked?\" He'd never seen her so thrilled in his life. \"Boy, if I were a rich woman right about now, I'd hire you!\" \"Rich.\" Kirby snorted, trying to hide his flush with the cookbook. \"Everybody gets into a snit about money. If you're good at what you do, you don't need money to do it. You just work hard and don't expect a reward.\" \"Wow.\" The Mistress closed the oven door slowly, watching him with an odd expression on her face. \"You say that like you mean it.\" \"I do mean it.\" Kirby surprised himself. He'd wanted to say those things for years. \"I don't need money to do what I enjoy doing.\" The Mistress seemed to consider that as she gazed around her clean kitchen, scrubbed down with every inch of satisfaction Kirby could give it. \"What would you live on without money, though?\" she asked. \"I wouldn't know,\" Kirby admitted. \"I've never needed money. Just a little place to sleep at night and some way to be useful.\" \"Couldn't I give you anything else?\" the Mistress asked, watching him closely. Confident for the first time in days, Kirby shook his head. The Mistress' smile grew wider, and she reached across the table to grasp his hand. \"John Kirby, have I got a proposition for you!\"[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: You Just Stay Forgiving Through the Forest and the Trees Kirby turned restlessly in his cot, not sure if the rusty coils bothered him more than the idiocrasy of the evening's events. It was hard to choose. The Mistress' plan was the most ridiculous notion he had ever heard. \"But it's perfect!\" Her voice insisted, as his mind replayed the events at dinner yet again. He could recall her clearly sitting on the edge of her seat, both hands pressed on the table as she addressed everyone. Gone was the discouraged housewife who kept trying to clutch at pieces. New excitement had breathed energy and purpose into her with a plan that made eating nearly impossible. \"I can hire you to look after Robbie and the house while I take that job at the bank! I won't have to worry about putting Robbie in daycare, or making sure Rob's fed.\" \"Kirby, that is perfect!\" Kirby's protest was cut off as yet another party made herself heard. \"That's exactly what you've been doing your whole life! Cleaning…and looking after people! You're a natural at it!\" \"He is, isn't he?\" Kirby followed the unwitting smile the Mistress flashed at the toaster, though Toaster seemed to miss it completely. She was too busy smiling at him. \"I've never seen Robbie so happy before.\" \"He's incredible…when's he not being such a grump, anyway.\" Both woman laughed. Kirby looked from one to the other, becoming more and more flummoxed with each glance. For all their differences, their faces were near mirror images of each other as they reflected the same enthusiasm and admiration. \"Would you stop talking about me as if I wasn't here!\" He finally spluttered. \"Please consider it, John. You'd be doing me a favor!\" the Mistress added, almost pleading. \"Both of us, really. Wouldn't he, Rob?\" If Kirby had hoped for any protest from the Master (who should have at least explained to his wife that he could feed himself just fine), he found none at all. Perhaps the veterinarian was simply tired, or relieved to see his wife in a happy mood. Or maybe, Kirby realized darkly, as he watched Rob eat a third helping of chicken pot pie, he actually relished the idea. \"It would certainly go a long way towards helping,\" he said. \"Between what Chris could make at the bank and Thea helping me in the clinic, we could make headway on the bills we still owe. Maybe save up for another van…but you shouldn't feel obligated to say yes,\" he quickly added, catching Kirby's eyes on him. \"We don't want to take advantage of you. You can always say no.\" \"Why would he say no?\" the Mistress exclaimed in a laugh. HOW could he say no was the better question. Kirby pounded a fist on a spring that kept trying to dig into his shoulder. He'd spent most of the night trying to find a way to say no. Absolutely not? Under no circumstances? Never ever in a million years? Cleaning and cooking aside, he simply hadn't been built for what they were asking him to do. There was only thing he was meant to be and that was a vacuum. But every time he saw the Mistress' shining face and the Toaster's beaming smile. He couldn't even say for sure which one made it more difficult to refuse. Why was it his business to make any decision? Kirby flung off the blanket and flailed to his feet. He stumbled up in the stairs in the dark. He hadn't even asked to be involved in any of this. \"Those hearing aids have had more than enough time to figure this mess out,\" he told himself and he opened the basement door and stepped into the living room. \"They should have told Ratso what they've found by now. And if Ratso isn't awake, I'll shake him until he is!\" And that was exactly what Kirby ended up doing, when he found Ratso snoring away on his couch. A good shake of the unit sent him rolling on the floor, and blinking bleary eyes in confusion. \"Whatcha mean what are they doing?\" It took him some time to answer Kirby. \"They've barely had enough time to talk about anything!\" \"They've had four days,\" Kirby retorted. \"What are they waiting for?\" \"How should I know? Oh, wait.\" Ratso scratched his rear as he looked at a corner of his unit. \"Actually, I do know. It was gonna wait until morning…\" \"What was?\" Kirby demanded, as Ratso rose on unsteady feet. \"Samples.\" The Rat tugged sandwich bags from behind his couch. \"Samples?\" \"Yeah. They want some hair from you and Toaster so they do some lab testing on it. Don't bother asking me how.\" Ratso stifled a yawn. \"I didn't bother asking for details.\" \"Hair?\" Kirby ran his fingers through the short hairs on his head. \"How much?\" Ratso shushed him and beckoned him closer with a finger. Kirby lowered his head to the unit to hear what he had to say. Instead of whispering, Ratso plucked two hairs from his mustache. \"Yeah, sorry about that, Big Guy,\" he said, nonchalantly, as Kirby muffled his yelp with both hands. \"Didn't think you were up to yanking 'em out by yourself.\" \"Why—you—you—I'll—I'll—\" \"You'll what?\" Ratso dropped the hairs into one baggy and rolled it up to stick back under the couch. \"Wake me out of a nice sleep? You wanna feel better? Go shove Toaster out of bed and yank some hairs out of her head.\" He shot a nasty grin Kirby's way. \"Trust me, it'll make you feel much better.\" Going upstairs was the last thing Kirby wanted to do. But there was some sense in Ratso's suggestion. Perhaps not going as to shove Toaster out of bed, but to do whatever it took to get them back into appliances again. He tried to ignore the way the stairs creaked under his heavy feet, focusing only on his need. To his surprise, the door to the guest bedroom was already ajar. The only window in the room gaped wide as it flooded the room with the pale light of some outside lamp. Apparently, the Toaster had pulled the blinds up as far as they could go and hadn't bothered to lower them again. Even as he shook his head at her carelessness, a much more serious blunder caught his attention. The Toaster slept sprawled on the bed, her limbs askew and her hair completely covering her face. Blanky was stretched out on top of her in a very decided effort to cuddle as much of her as it could. \"You dope.\" The words shot out before Kirby could stop himself. \"You can't be in here,\" he said again, in a much softer tone as he stepped inside the room. \"Do you want to get us into more trouble? Besides, she's got a perfectly good comforter underneath her, if she needs one.\" Grumbling, he reached out and caught the blanket right behind its dial to lift it up. It was a decision he'd regret, as he immediately found that the Toaster was only half- dressed. Bare legs and feet met his eyes, both curving up to join the white cotton fabric that hugged the Toaster's hips. Kirby stared dumbly for a moment, trying to register the odd form that was both the Toaster and someone else at the same time. As the surprise faded, another thought tried to click itself into place. He let Blanky drop on the floor as he moved around to one side of the bed. He raised a hand and let it hover over the form, just over the apex where legs disappeared into the underwear that Toaster had the frame of mind to keep. Dark hairs covered the legs; a sight that somehow fascinated him. His fingers twitched, but a strange unease prevented him from lowering it any further. His free hand, however, traveled from his side to his abdomen, feeling for that part of his anatomy that had and still disturbed his peace of mind the most. There was an obvious difference between what he could see and what he could feel. \"But why?\" his mind demanded. Then Toaster drew a deep breath in her sleep, and turned her head to one side, snapping Kirby out of his senselessness. He pulled his hand back quickly and watched her move, waiting stone still until her breathing settled again. \"Idiot,\" he said to himself, \"You want to wake her up, remember? You need her hair.\" His hand reached for the hair covering her face, but instead of yanking at it he found himself drawing it away from her mouth; something he'd seen the Master do when the Mistress had fallen asleep on the couch. Toaster's lips parted and closed again, completely unaware of him. For the first time, he found himself really able to see what the Toaster had become. Ninny. It's not the first time you've seen her. Yeah, but you try looking at her when she's got those infuriating eyes watching your every move. He'd been avoiding her gaze for so long, Kirby realized, that he hadn't taken the time to actually see how she had changed. Details that he hadn't noticed before struck him now; the curve to her jaw, the dip of her blouse over her budding chest. The hair had tangled into a painful disaster, but on his rough fingers it still felt as silky as the first time he had touched it. Kirby had no really opinion on human beauty, but the Toaster was very pleasant to look at. Just as his fingers hovered over her lips, a strong urgency shot up in his belly and spread through his veins; fiercely beckoning as he felt her breath warm his hand. He panicked, and pulled away. Groping in the darkness for Blanky, he didn't give heed to taking care as his hurried movements caused her to shift in her sleep again. Even in the hallway, with her door closed firmly behind him, he didn't feel safe. He dropped Blanky to the ground before the Little Master's bedroom without a word and thumped down the stairs without taking care. It wasn't until he reached the bottom of the stairs that his heart slowed to a reasonable speed and his mind cleared. He had escaped something. Just what it was he didn't know. But he was darned if he let himself get that close again. If that meant never looking at the toaster again, then so be it. Ratso's snoring from the kitchen reminded him that he hadn't gotten what he'd gone for in the first place. \"Whatever. Tonight, tomorrow. What difference does it make?\" he told himself, taking care of his discomfort. \"Those blockheads will figure something out how to change us back soon enough.\" And just like that, July was over, and a hot, muggy August was well underway. To Toaster, it seemed that time had slipped by quietly and quickly. Kirby had accepted the Mistress' offer the first morning after her plan had been announced, setting into motion what was now the household's routine. Kirby rose early in the morning to set out breakfast, waking them all with whatever delectable concoction he managed to test. The Mistress left for her bank teller job soon after, with a quick kiss for her husband and her son. Toaster would follow the Master out to the clinic, where they spent most of the morning pouring over equipment or patients. At lunch they would head back inside an immaculately clean house to eat whatever Kirby set out for them, usually just in time to see Kirby and Robbie off to the park. Some days the Mistress would be home for the afternoon, and then Toaster would find a quiet place to escape to so the Master and Mistress could be by themselves. She was never alone for long, though, as the Master would come find her as soon as he had finished lunch so they could return to the clinic for more patient visits or equipment checks. If there were neither, Rob happily spent the afternoon instructing her in his profession. Toaster practically swallowed those teaching moments whole, both for the marvel of veterinary medicine and for the thrill of her Master's attention. She was helping him. Not just watching and admiring, but truly and honestly helping him. At some point, it all became natural to her. Not just the routine the four of them followed, but the sensation of being human. The rituals of eating, dressing, sleeping, and bathing become second nature, though she had started wishing she could just hack off her hair and call it a day. While she waited for the hearing aids to finish studying the hair samples they'd collected, she found herself slowly becoming used to everything in her new life. Everything but the terrible loneliness, that is. The moments when the Master was with his wife or off in his study, Toaster found herself missing her friends' company. \"But Kirby's been talking to you now, ain't he,\" Ratso asked, on one of those rare afternoons when Toaster was in the kitchen by herself. \"I'd thought he stopped blaming you for everything.\" \"I thought so, too.\" Toaster leaned against a counter corner, swinging a cabinet door back and forth on its hinges with one finger. \"But I guess not.\" It was one of those Saturdays when Chris was off from the bank, and Rob had no scheduled appointments. Saturdays in the past, to Toaster, had meant more time together; everyone laughing and playing. Somehow it had just become more empty time, with everyone looking for ways to be away from each other. And that meant that she was alone. \"I mean, he talks,\" Toaster continued, \"But he doesn't really say anything important. He doesn't tell me what he's thinking or feeling, or what's he's hoping for.\" \"Yeah, but he never did that before. Why's it so important now?\" \"It…it just is.\" Toaster couldn't really explain what she meant. She didn't know how to tell Ratso that she could sense Kirby keeping her at a distance, physically and emotionally, in ways he never had as an appliance. She couldn't tell him how hurt she felt when Kirby wouldn't look her in the eye, or how painful it was that he scrambled to get out of any room he found her alone in. She couldn't even ask him why he wouldn't be alone with her; he never gave her a moment to talk. \"Well, you know how he gets.\" But Ratso still looked as perplexed as she felt. \"Besides, he's stayed pretty busy lately. Even busier for a vacuum! Maybe it just ain't as easy for him as it is for you.\" \"Maybe.\" Toaster moved to the sink to look out the window. From there, she could see Kirby and the Mistress together, holding a basked full of wet laundry. In whatever free time he had, Kirby had strung up a clothesline between the house and the old water pump, claiming in an embarrassed way that they needed to give the dryer a break during the summer. He and the Mistress chatted away as they hung up clothes. She saw him put a hand on her shoulder. In memory, Toaster ran the back of her finger across her cheek, wondering why Kirby's fingers had felt so differently than hers. \"He doesn't have a problem talking to her,\" Toaster observed, wistfully, as Kirby tossed back his head to laugh at something the Mistress had said. \"What? Don't tell me you're jealous.\" \"What?\" Toaster shot a glance at Ratso. \"No! Well…not really.\" She grinned sheepishly. \"But he treats me differently, almost like she does. Like I'm something you have to avoid.\" \"Well, I get why she's still avoiding you. You follow her husband around like some sort of sick puppy.\" \"But I have finally have a chance to talk to him and work with him!\" Toaster protested. \"Why does that bother her?\" \"Like I really know what the Mistress is thinking.\" Ratso flung up his arms. \"I just know that you spending so much time in the clinic with him grinds her gears.\" Toaster shook her head sadly. \"There's nothing I can do about that. He needs my help. He said so.\" She remembered watching him try to remove the stitches from a kitten's belly, his hand awkward with the tweezers. His face had gone red with exertion, and he all but wrenched the sling off until she'd taken the tweezers away from him. \"Thanks,\" he'd told her when they'd finished with the kitten, but it pained her to see how useless he felt. \"Besides, I need to be doing something, too,\" Toaster admitted, mostly to the image through the window. As if sensing her, Kirby's head turned towards the window. Toaster forced a smile and waved at him but Kirby simply stared until her hand dropped and her smile vanished. \"I know Kirby feels frustrated, but at least he's doing something useful. Me? I keep trying to toast something that just isn't there.\" \"Well, you could always spruce up your appearance,\" Ratso replied. \"I heard the Mistress say you keep looking like something the cat dragged in.\" \"What does that mean?\" Toaster flushed regardless. \"Well, for starters, you ever think about dragging a comb through that nest? Every time you come in here you look like a crazy woman.\" \"My hair again?\" Toaster groaned and reached up to smooth the frizz. \"I have tried to fix it. Again and again and again. But the comb keeps getting stuck in it, and it keeps tearing, and IT HURTS!\" she yelped, as her fingers caught in tangle and yanked. \"Whoa! Whoa!\" Ratso flung up his hands. \"Cool it! I was just trying to offer some advice.\" Toaster turned away from the window to free her fingers and calm herself. \"Sorry, Ratso,\" she managed to say after a moment. \"I know you're trying to help. I just wish…\" She didn't know what she wished. Ratso waved her apology aside. \"Don't sweat it, slots. You just keep your chin up. Those earplugs will have everything figured out before you know it!\" \"Thanks.\" \"Oh, Toaster?\" Ratso whispered, as the study door opened and the Master called for her. \"Yes?\" Ratso shrugged apologetically. \"Blanky, Lampy, and Radio say they miss you.\" The hopelessness settled over her heart again. \"Oh. Tell them I miss them, too.\" She headed towards the study. The Master was waiting in the living room for her with a tube of plastic wrap. On the floor, Robbie played with a bright blue ball Chris had brought home for him. \"I told John I would watch Robbie until the laundry was done, but I need a shower,\" the Master said, apologetically. \"I can't take the heat right now. And this thing…\" He indicated his cast with a frustrated sigh. \"Sure, I'll watch him,\" Toaster said, forcing a smile. \"…And do you think you could…?\" The Master held out the plastic wrap. \"Of course!\" Glad to be of some use at last, Toaster helped him wrap his arm until the cast was completely water proof. \"Thanks. I would have asked Chris, but I couldn't find her anywhere.\" \"She's in the backyard hanging laundry. With Kirby.\" Toaster bit her tongue as she heard the iciness in her own voice. \"Yeah. That figures.\" Rob's face changed as he regarded his busted arm. \"Oh, well. At least she's spending time with someone who makes her happy right now.\" \"You've made her happy,\" Toaster protested, not able to stand seeing him look so forlorn. \"Well, you can't make everyone happy all the time,\" he replied, giving her a crooked grin that looked forced. \"My mother used to say that sometimes you just need to do things that make you happy, and let people do what they have to do.\" \"Is that true?\" Toaster watched his face, waiting. The Master sighed and shrugged. \"It worked for her. I guess I'll try it, too. Thanks for your help, Thea.\" \"You're welcome.\" Toaster watched him disappear up the stairs, mulling over everything. \"But what if things don't make you as happy as they used to?\" she asked herself, turning towards the little Master. She couldn't help a genuine smile this time as she watched him bounce his ball as high as he could. Blanky lay nearby; a guardian to the little boy's fun. \"You know exactly what makes you happy, don't you?\" Toaster exclaimed as she knelt beside Robbie. The blue eyes shot to her face and he poked her nose with his finger. \"To-aster…\" Toaster rubbed her nose against the finger. \"Yes, that's who I was. I'm not sure who I am now,\" she admitted, sadly. The toddler's face fell as he watched her, then he grabbed his ball with both hands and heaved it at her. The throw was weak and unmannered, but Toaster laughed as she caught it and rolled it back to him. For a few moments, she forgot her issues with Kirby and the Mistress and her loneliness as she and the little Master played with the ball. All went well, until the toddler bounced the ball. Toaster grimaced as it hit her shoulder and bounced off, heading back the way it came. It swept past the baby's head, just barely missing his ear, and ended up rolling under the couch. After a brief moment the little Master registered that his toy was gone and shot pleading eyes up at Toaster. \"Oh, oh, it's okay,\" Toaster soothed as the little eyes began to water. \"It's not gone. I'll get it.\" She crawled over to the couch and thrust a hand deep inside the dark recesses. Dust and dirt seemed to attach to her skin, and she frowned, wondering if Kirby knew he had missed a spot. \"There we go!\" she exclaimed, as her hand touched on something. \"I got it. Oh, wait, no, that's not it,\" she added, as her fingers mapped out a handle. \"Hold on.\" The item she drew out into the light was a tiny brush with fine bristles. She picked the dust out of it, looking it over carefully before tossing it up on the couch cushions and delving underneath once more. The ball was soon retrieved, unscathed, and the little master was tossing and bouncing it once more. Toaster, however, felt her gaze drawn away from the game to the brush on the couch. \"You ever think about dragging a comb through that nest? Every time you come in here you look like a crazy woman.\" \"Well, if that's what it takes…!\" She snatched the brush up from the couch. The little master barely noticed her absence as she walked into the guest bathroom and flicked on a light. Her human reflection glared back at her from the mirror, but she refused to back down. \"Okay,\" she told the determined reflection. \"This time, I'm going to get it.\" She brandished the brush high above her head and brought it down with force on a particularly wild tangle. She grit her teeth against the pain that ripped through her scalp, but the tangle didn't come free. She tried tipping her head down, brushing her hair forward, and hoping that it would easier if she brushed upside down. Worse luck. Not only did she make herself dizzy trying to brush hair she couldn't see, she managed to once again get the brush stuck fast in her frizz. It took several strong, painful tugs to get it free again. \"Oh, pumpernickel!\" she shouted, banging the sink as she straightened up. She glared at her reflection, finding it red and fierce as it glared back through the bush of hair. \"Well, I'm not finished yet!\" she told it. \"You're going to be brushed, and you're going to be brushed good!\" The laughter that erupted behind her made her drop the brush again. She whirled around to find the Mistress doubling over in the doorway. \"I'm sorry!\" the Mistress shrieked, grabbing at the door for dear life. \"I couldn't help it! It was just so…so…\" Toaster felt herself burning under the laughter. \"I've never seen anyone have so much trouble before!\" \"What do you want?\" she snapped. That only sobered the Mistress a little as she stepped inside. \"Trying to figure out what all that moaning and yelling was! You act like you've never brushed your hair before!\" \"Well, maybe I haven't,\" Toaster retorted. It wasn't true-of course, she had tried-but she was too tired to get hung up on details. \"But I'm trying now, aren't I?\" \"Good luck.\" The Mistress shook her head as she reached around to pluck the hairbrush up from the sink. \"Nobody I know brushes hair like that with a baby hairbrush.\" \"If you have any better ideas, I'd love to hear them!\" Toaster was aghast at the words coming out of her mouth. How she could she speak to the Mistress this way? For a moment, the Mistress seemed ready to tear her apart. Then, she rolled her eyes. \"Actually, I do.\" She indicated the staircase. \"Come on.\" Toaster hesitated, but the Mistress' hand pushing her shoulder left her no room for argument. Only a few minutes later saw her seated at the Mistress' vanity, clutching onto the edge for dear life as wave after wave of pain attacked her scalp. \"Geez, this is a real rat's nest!\" The Mistress held tight to a handful of the hair as she combed with one of her wire brushes. She had been trying hard to start slow and easy. Toaster knew that. But every tangle caused a new problem. Every attempt hurt. Even the concoction the mistress kept spraying over her head in a fine mist did little to alleviate the pain. \"Stop! Just stop!\" Toaster couldn't take it anymore. \"I've almost got it,\" the Mistress insisted for the fifth time. \"Your hair is thicker than I thought it would be!\" With cry, Toaster flung out a hand to shove the Mistress. With a cry of her own, the Mistress dropped the brush and stumbled back towards the bed. \"I'm only trying to help!\" Toaster heard her groan. \"I know! I know!\" Toaster moaned, pressing her hands against her head to ease the stinging. \"It's just not working! None of it is working!\" \"Look, it's just hair…\" Toaster didn't even let her finish. \"No, it's not! It's a disaster! All of it! And I don't know how to change it!\" She wiped the mist away from her cheeks. Just how much did the Mistress use, anyway? \"I don't know what I'm doing,\" Toaster exclaimed. \"I thought I could do this, but I can't! It's impossible! I can't talk to anyone! Kirby won't come near me! I don't even know who I am anymore!\" She glanced up at the mirror, and stared at the swollen eyes that peered back at her in shame from under a frizzy mess. Tears were streaming down her cheeks. \"Oh…\" The Mistress appeared behind her in the mirror. \"No, no, don't cry, Thea. Please? I can't stand it when people cry.\" Hands attempted to smooth the hair back from Toaster's face. \"I…I really was just trying to help.\" Guilt crinkled the Mistress' tired face as she met their eyes met in the mirror. \"But I guess I really haven't been much help, have I?\" Toaster quietly watched her. \"Everything has felt out of control since the accident,\" the Mistress continued, softly. \"I've felt out of control.\" \"I know you don't want me here,\" Toaster started. \"I've made everything difficult.\" \"No, you haven't. Well, okay.\" Her hands rubbed Toaster's shoulders, slowly easing the pain. \"Maybe a little. You're just…I've never met anyone like you before. You're so different, and Rob likes you so much…I just forgot that everything has been hard for you, too.\" \"It's not supposed to be,\" Toaster murmured, covering her eyes with her hands so she wouldn't have to look at that woebegone creature sitting opposite her. \"Here.\" A cloth ghosted over her fingers. \"I guess it's about time we talked to each other. A real talk. Not the careful ones we've been doing.\" A real talk? Toaster lowered her hands just enough for the mistress to dab away the lingering tears, and found herself looking up into a genuine smile. \"Hey, what do you say we get out of here for a while?\" \"Out of here?\" \"Yeah.\" A glow swept over the Mistress' face as excitement banished the tired look. \"Let's go find a professional to take care of this.\" She gingerly stroked Toaster's tangled hair. \"At least if they hurt you, we don't have to pay them.\" \"Really?\" Toaster put a hand to the rat's nest. \"Why not? I have some money left over from my paycheck. We can splurge. And maybe we can find something that fits so you don't have wear my maternity clothes anymore.\" She grinned widely as she held out a hand. \"Girls' afternoon out. We can spend some time together. How does that sound?\" Toaster glanced from the eager face to the outstretched hand. A strange weight lifted off her shoulders as she clasped the Mistress' hand. It sounded great. \"And don't suffocate him this time,\" Kirby snapped at the blanket as he tucked the little master into his crib. The blanket made no sign that he had heard, but Kirby was confident that he had made his point. He checked that the curtains were securely closed before leaving the little master to his afternoon nap. As he closed the door, he felt oddly successful. It had been so long since he had felt that confidence. It used to be reserved for when the Master or Mistress had grasped his handle and flicked on his power switch, sending him careening over the carpet to grasp at the dust that settled. Even as he walked down the stairs, he remembered clearly the sensation of his gears turning and the speed at which he moved. Giving the little master his snack, taking him to the park, and rocking him to sleep wasn't exactly the same, but it carried its own value. And it helped him keep his mind off the Toaster. Even as he headed into the kitchen to start dinner, he found himself fighting away images that kept popping. It seemed no matter how he fought to avoid her, she followed him everywhere in his thoughts. Her laugh, her smile, the way she slept… \"Don't you think you need to cut the Toaster a break?\" \"What?\" Startled that he had been caught dust gathering, Kirby turned to blink at the rat. \"Well, you're sorta hurting her feelings by the way you've been treating her lately,\" the rat persisted, laying on his back in his nest of paper clippings. \"What's with the cold shoulder, anyway?\" \"Oh, that.\" Kirby couldn't help but give an extra snap to his sleeves as he rolled them up to wash the dishes. \"You wouldn't understand.\" \"Try me.\" \"Have those blockheads figured out how to change us back yet?\" \"Nope,\" Ratso replied, flatly. \"They running every test they can think of on those hair samples. And don't change the subject.\" He leaped to his feet and began running in his wheel. \"I'm not changing the subject.\" Kirby turned on the faucet and watched the water run. \"What's your problem? She just wants to talk with you once in a while. Even you could manage a civil conve-sation once in a while when you were a vaccum. What's wrong with talking to her now?\" \"Since when was it any of your business.\" Kirby shot the rat a suspicious glance. \"She say something to you?\" \"No, of course she didn't! I…I just think youse two oughta spend more time together. You're sort of doing the same things as you used to.\" Ratso indicated the dinner. \"I mean, you're cleaning, and she's-\" \"Making toast?\" Kirby exclaimed sarcastically. \"Well…helping the Master…\" \"That's not the same thing.\" Kirby focused his full attention on the dishes. \"And this is none of your business. I am trying to keep myself together until the hearing aids change me back. And if you don't like it, you can shove off!\" Ratso's reply never came. Something thumped against the backdoor twice before it swung opened, revealing a mountain of bags and boxes. \"See? I told you I had it, Thea!\" The Mistress' voice floated from somewhere behind the bags as they entered. \"Now I just have to find the table…\" The bags swayed. Kirby, quickly forseeing a mess on the floor, quickly shut off the water and grabbed the topmost boxes just as they shifted. \"Whew! That was close!\" The Mistress shook her head and quickly dumped the rest of her baggage on the kitchen table. \"Thanks, Jon! That would have been bad.\" Kirby grunted as he set the boxes down beside hers and watched her dig through everything. \"You would not believe the time we had! I don't think I've had that much fun since Robbie was born! Mothers just don't get out much. Thea, hurry up and get in here! We have to sort this stuff! And we found some real deals,\" she continued to Kirby. \"Even Rob would be proud! He is all about the deals! And making sure we never add to another landfill again!\" \"Thank goodness!\" A familiar bubbly laugh from the doorway followed the mistress's words. Unconsciously, Kirby looked towards it. What he saw stopped him fast. The figure just stepping over the threshold looked nothing like the toaster, even though it possessed her laugh and her voice. It didn't even bear a resemblance to the dumpy, unkempt thing that had been masquerading as human for the last week. It had transformed. The frizzy mess had been tamed into shiny curls that piled up high on her head, held firmly by a silver clip. Underneath a faded jean jacket, a blue tee dipped in a low neckline, teasing the eyes towards an ample bosom. Grey capris revealed curves that had gone unnoticed in Kris' maternity clothes. But though the colors dazzled and the clothing complimented, it was the glowing brown eyes and ecstatic smile that bewitched Kirby. His thoughts spluttered like a coffee pot. The smile and the sparkle disappeared, though when her eyes glanced at him. \"Kirby? What's wrong?\" she asked, rushing towards him. Kirby flinched and stepped back involuntarily. He felt his mouth move, but no words came out. The Mistress's snickering saved him. \"I think I know what's wrong.\" She stood at the Toaster's side, putting an arm around her shoulders. \"It's a little condition known as makeover shock, often experienced by friends and family. Isn't that right, John?\" Kirby couldn't even find the words to protest. \"Hey, you're both back,\" Rob's comment proceeded him as he entered the kitchen. \"Whoa!\" Kirby didn't have to look at his master to share the same sentiment. The Mistress' grin widened even as Toaster's brows knit together. \"Gentlemen, may I present to you the new and improved Thea Masters.\" Rob spluttered nervously. \"Well…I wouldn't say improved, per se…but you look…\" \"Beautiful.\" A hot flash rushed through Kirby as all eyes fell on him. \"Got your voice back, huh?\" He didn't care for the way the Mistress's eyes rolled as she headed towards her husband. He felt uncomfortable at the shy smile the toaster was giving him. \"Rob, can you help us ladies carry these things upstairs?\" \"Your outing was good then?\" he heard the Master asked as the couple left the kitchen. \"I think we got a few things worked out.\" Their voices faded away as footsteps echoed on the staircase. Kirby and Toaster were left in the kitchen. Together. In unmerciful silence. \"Hubba! Hubba!\" Almost near silence. \"Toaster, you are looking fly!\" \"Is that good?\" A pink blush was spreading across Toaster's face as she fiddled with her hands and glanced down at her feet. \"Yeah, baby. Bow chicka, bow wow!\" Kirby felt his gorge rise, even though he didn't quite grasp the sentiment behind Ratso's cat calls. \"Aw, thanks.\" He didn't think Toaster understood either, but she had never seen the wrong side of anyone. Kirby followed her gaze to her feet, where mere slips of silver braid curved around her toes. Toes…how odd… \"Hey, Kirby!\" Ratso called out. \"Whatcha think, huh? Ever thought a Toaster could look this good?\" Kirby immediately gave his attention to everything but the one being who watched him closely. He could feel those large eyes following his every move, reading his every thought… \"Oh. Knock it off!\" he finally demanded, forsaking the sink-full of dishes to stomp to the freezer. Lasagna, he decided, remembering the extra one he had made just a few days ago. That's what they would have for dinner. Spinach lasagna, meatless. Meat was too heavy for his stomach… \"Knock what off?\" The voice sounded more annoyed than naïve. Kirby dug unforgivingly through the piles of cold bags and foil containers. \"Quit staring at me. I can't think.\" He grabbed the lasagna and slammed the door shut. Sandals clicked on the tile. \"What do you mean you can't think?\" \"I can't think because you are staring at me!\" \"You were staring at me.\" \"That was different.\" \"How is that different?\" Toaster was at his elbow now, trying to peer up at his face. Kirby was hard pressed to avoid looking at her. \"I couldn't help myself. That's why.\" He fumbled with the lid. \"Stupid container. Sticking together.\" He stormed over to the sink and flipped on the hot water, grateful even in his agitation for a way of escape. He couldn't do this with her so near right now. But Toaster persisted. \"What do you mean you couldn't help yourself? What's going on with you?\" \"What's going on with you!\" Kirby slammed a fist against the tray, both smashing and cracking open the lid at the same time. He blinked at his handiwork for a moment, barely registering the hot water that continued to stream over his arm and into the open lasagna. \"What…what do you mean?\" Toaster's whisper unnerved him. \"Look at you!\" He flinched as the hot water scalded him. \"How can you dress like that? Like a…a...\" He couldn't even find the right words. \"It's just clothes. I…the Mistress just thought I might…\" Toaster's voice faded. \"Don't you…you don't think it's… okay?\" A small hand reached into Kirby's view and shut off the water. His hand cried in gratitude even as his eyes drank in the sight of the small brown hand resting on the sink. \"I was just…It was sort of fun,\" she continued. \"The Mistress was so nice the whole time, and we talked about everything that's happened lately. She was never mad at me…she thought I was trying to keep her away from the Master…and I wasn't. Kirby, aren't you even happy that she's not mad at me?\" The hand reached over to touch his fingers. \"Can't we talk, too? Can't you tell me why you keep avoiding me?\" \"No.\" Kirby swallowed a breath and closed his eyes to block out any picture. \"Why not?\" \"…It's unnatural, Toaster,\" he heard himself saying. \"It's is all just unnatural.\" You're unnatural. He hadn't meant to say it that way. But even he could hear it in the silence; those sharp, hurting words that stung the closest friend he had ever had. He felt her recoil. He stood in that silence; a darkness that only elevated the Toaster's existence, feeling the burn that seemed to spread from his hand to places only his human body could understand. Finally, he heard a rustle of fabric as the Toaster's hand withdrew. \"I'm sorry, Kirby.\" Kirby stood as still as he could manage until the click of her sandals faded. Only then did he open his eyes and turn on the facet to run cold water over his burn.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: And You'll Go Just Where You Want to Go Dinner was quiet as everyone attempted to stomach the water- logged lasagna. Even the rolls Kirby had managed to whip together at the last minute did nothing to lighten the mood. The Master and Mistress noticed that something was amiss, and they glanced back and forth between their guests as they carried on a half-hearted conversation between themselves. Kirby would have avoided the table altogether if his stomach hadn't rumbled and pleaded for mercy (he hated, absolutely hated, the sensation of hunger). As it was, he placed himself as far down the table as possible to avoid the newly reformed toaster. Even then, it was hard to keep his gaze fixed on his plate. The images of the laughing transformed vision that had stepped through the doorway played in his mind's eye over and over. Toaster didn't join in the conversation, despite the couple's best attempts to include her. Out of the corner of his eye Kirby could see her fork moving languidly across her plate. \"Not hungry, Thea?\" The Master ventured. \"Not really.\" Her voice was tired; heavy-and it was aimed in his direction. Kirby willed himself not to look up. He'd spent all evening willing himself not to look, not to think, not to remember... \"You know, I was thinking I would clean out the attic tomorrow.\" The Mistress announced. \"I haven't been able to do it since we moved here. I'm sure there's another bed frame up there- you remember, Rob, the one your aunt gave us?\" \"Yeah.\" The Master chuckled. \"It's a relic.\" \"Well, it wasn't my taste, but it might still have a good set of box springs. Then John could use it instead of the camping cot. What do you think, John? I bet you're ready for a real bed.\" \"I like the cot,\" Kirby stated, wishing they'd just leave him alone. \"A bed is so much nicer. You'd like it.\" Kirby flared at the soft words from across him. Of course, she'd want to start a fight. \"Sleeping on a counter is even better,\" he snapped back. From the counter, Ratso guffawed. \"Uh oh, was that a cough?\" The Mistress asked, as everyone looked over at the rat. Ratso played innocent, but Kirby glared at him anyway. He didn't need feedback from the peanut gallery. \"Hm. It didn't sound like one to me.\" Rob went back to his dinner. \"Well, I can't offer you a counter, but the bed is free for the taking. Especially after all your hard work.\" Chris extended her spoon in a gesture. Kirby raised his eyes to acknowledge her. \"The cot suits me just fine. Thank you,\" he added, trying to soften his voice at the pained look in her eyes. \"Well, I'll pull it out anyway. You might change your mind.\" \"He doesn't change his mind. You're wasting your time.\" Toaster's glass clunked against the table in a jolt that made even Kirby jump. \"At least I know what I want,\" he retorted. He glared so hard at the plate that design blurred together. \"And I appreciate what I have. Unlike some people…\" \"I've always known what I wanted. And when didn't I appreciate what I had, Kirby? Just tell me when?\" He grunted, unable to think of a good retort and restless with what he was holding back. \"Alright, you two. Out with it. What's wrong?\" The Mistress pushed her plate away. \"Chris…\" \"No, Rob, I'm not just going to keep quiet anymore. It's time we worked some of this stuff out. Now, you two have been at odds since John showed up. So spill.\" \"Nothing,\" Toaster said, dejectedly. \"It's…an old fight. We always fight.\" Kirby snorted. \"We most certainly do not!\" he snapped, looking straight at her before he could stop himself. His resolve faltered at the sight of her, and immediately his mind wheeled to that night in her room, his overwhelming desire to touch her... \"Then, why are we fighting now?\" Toaster looked sadly at him. \"Kirby, what do I keep doing that's so terrible?\" He was hurting her. He knew it. He could see it. And he couldn't tell her why. He couldn't even see himself. Startled, Kirby stared back her, wordless as understanding crept over him. Yes, that's what happened that night. That's what confused him every time he looked at her. Every time he had looked at the toaster before, he had always seen some part of himself reflected back. He had eased himself in that reflection. But now, for the first time, he looked at her and could not see himself. Instead, he saw the same look that every woman had when they wanted something and couldn't ask. Every housewife who had lost control, who worried, who wanted to be held and had no one to hold them. Sometimes he boiled against the ones responsible for their pain; those boyfriends, husbands, even children who hurt and then left the wounded one to grieve in silence. Now he was causing that hurt in someone, and he couldn't admit why. So he hung his head. \"It's not in my prime directive,\" he said. Ratso guffawed again, louder this time. \"Okay,\" Rob rose from his chair, almost too quickly. \"That definitely didn't sound right.\" He picked up the unit and held it at eye level. \"I think I'll take this little guy out to the surgery tonight. Just to be sure.\" \"Here, I'll do it.\" The Mistress also moved too fast as she hurried to take Ratso from him. \"Wouldn't want you to strain yourself.\" Kirby couldn't help feeling avenged as the unit disappeared from the kitchen. That was what that stupid rodent got for interfering. He heard Toaster sigh. \"I think I'll just go upstairs.\" \"Oh, sure,\" the Master replied, sitting down again. \"Um, if you put your dinner in the fridge, you can have it later…\" \"Thanks, but I don't really want it.\" Kirby heard the trashcan lift and Toaster shaking the plate's contents into the bag. \"Goodnight, everyone.\" Kirby just sat there as she walked off, staring at his untouched plate, and wrestling with feelings that were too overbearing to handle. \"…And ten…and twelve…and thirteen…\" Toaster sat cross-legged on the guest bed, head tilted to one side as she ran a brush against the side of her head. The sober hairdresser who had worked the tangles out had told her to brush her hair on each side exactly thirty times each night. \"What if I lose count?\" Toaster had asked, clutching her new round hairbrush. The laugh that erupted from Kris, and the grinning way the hairdresser had called her, \"a sweetheart,\" hadn't exactly answered her question. Nonetheless, she had waited for complete silence to count in peace. If she was going to do this, she was going to do it right. \"…And thirty!\" She brandished the hairbrush in triumph before setting it tenderly on the nightstand. She ran her fingers through the newly brushed hair, marveling at its softness. The hairdresser had commented, once the tangles were combed through, that the hair was baby soft. Having only the little master to compare to, Toaster would have had to take her word for it. Nonetheless, she found she loved the touch of the hair. Tangles all gone, she enjoyed running her fingers through it, feeling it swish by like a sheet of rain. She had never felt so satisfied in her life The girls' afternoon out had been everything Chris promised and more. The mall they had gone to was crowded with sights and sounds more wonderful than she could have imagined. Humans wandered here and there, laughing, shopping, waving and calling at each other; Toaster would have been perfectly content to stand in the center of the mall, with the large crystal-like skyscraper overhead, and just watch people. But Chris had taken her arm and ushered her from one store to the next; one delight to another. She had always thought shopping was just a silly thing humans did to pass the time. Now she knew better. Toaster rose from the bed and walked to the closet, carefully sliding back one side to admire its contents. She ran her hand over the colorful clothes, enjoying the way the hangers clacked against the rod. The stores had intimated her at first, but Chris had kept a firm hand on her all throughout. She had accepted every item given her; grudging colors and shapes, and even fabrics with uncertain shrugs. Chris' enthusiasm and the eagerness of the sales clerks outweighed her uncertainty. Their quarrel had been completely forgotten in Chris' attempts to dolly up her new friend. \"Friend,\" Toaster murmured, fingering a sleeveless floral dress. She remembered clearly how Kris had swept it off the rack to hold against her, asking a nearby salesperson if they had it in another size. \"Just in case my friend needs something a little smaller.\" Somehow that one word had made all the difference. Toaster warmed to the task, and even found herself partial to everything sky blue and gold. The dress had fit, perfectly, and so did everything else that followed. They had talked. When she was just seconds away from being worn to pieces by the adventures, Chris called a halt and treated her to a cherry cream shake in the food court. That's where, for the first time, Toaster learned everything about the Mistress: growing up in a military family, parents divorcing when she was twelve, and having them fight over her until she was ready to run away from everything…how she was afraid she'd lose Rob the same way… \"Oh, no!\" Toaster had exclaimed, reaching across the table to hug Chris tightly. \"That will never happen to you, too! Rob loves you so much!\" Chris' eyes had filled with tears, though she only hugged her back. Toaster wished she could tell her everything, too, but knew her own adventures would only confuse the human. So, when her turn to talk came, she'd only talked about feeling useless, losing her friends, and feeling abandoned. \"Well, you're not abandoned anymore,\" Chris had reassured her. \"You're staying with us until you know what you want to do. Okay?\" \"Okay.\" Toaster slipped the dress from the hanger and tossed it over her head. The zipper took some maneuvering, but even after a week of being human she found herself able to dress with little fuss. The sash tied snuggly around her waist, and she held out her arms for balance as she looked down to examine the skirt. It swished and rustled nicely. Too bad Kirby hated everything human. Toaster dropped her arms with a sigh as she glanced in the mirror. Or maybe he just hated her for being human. Maybe it was her fault. She stared at herself in the nearby mirror, taking in everything different as she kept the dress pressed against her. Maybe somehow she had wished for it all to happen so she could be human. Maybe there was some old appliance code that turned one human if they admired humans long enough. It was true that she was the only appliance ever to admire one human so closely. Perhaps Kirby was right in thinking she was unnatural. Unnatural. Toaster gasped, and struggled to get out of the dress. With a grunt, she flung it onto the floor of the closet and slammed the door shut. So, she was unnatural? Well, fine. She pulled open a nearby drawer and dug around its new items. She'd go admit it to Kirby. She tell exactly how she felt, and demand that he talk to her. She and Chris had talked. Now it was their turn. And she wouldn't deign antagonize him anymore, she decided, as she pulled out the old maternity clothes. Kirby was sitting in the living room in the dark, holding an empty tea cup in his hands when she came downstairs. Rob and Chris had gone to bed long ago. They would be alone. She hadn't quite made up her mind what to say when Kirby snapped up his head to watch her storm down the stairs. Instead, she let her fury speak as she planted herself in front of him, legs apart and hands on her hips. \"We need to talk,\" she demanded, as he stared at her. He didn't answer right away. Instead, his eyes darted over her in wild bemusement. \"Why are you dressed like that again?\" \"Oh, no,\" Toaster warned, holding up her hand. \"We are not talking about clothes this time. Or human duties, or prime directives, or anything! We are going to talk about us! You and me!\" Kirby's brows drew together. \"I thought you and the Mistress spent all afternoon shopping for things so you wouldn't have to wear those rags!\" \"I said we're not talking about clothes!\" Toaster stomped her foot, half glad that the carpet muffled the sound. She didn't want to wake anyone. \"I want you to stop avoiding me and start talking to me! It's the only way we're going to get to figure this out! It's not my fault! You hear me? It's not my fault!\" \"Talk?\" Kirby grumbled, the sounds rumbling around like he was trying to find the right words. \"What exactly do we have to talk about?\" \"Anything! Something! Just as long as you talk to me! Please!\" She clasped her hands together as the knot in her chest tightened. \"I need you to talk to me!\" \"Need me?\" Kirby looked absolutely baffled. \"Need me? What do you need me for? You…you don't need anything but the Master…and your experiences! Your confladded experiences!\" Spluttering, he pushed himself up from the couch and stomped towards the kitchen. \"Go talk to someone who cares about your experiences!\" Toaster raced to the doorway to block his path. \"That's not fair! Why are being so cruel?\" \"Cruel? Cruel?\" His face reddened. \"You want to know what's cruel!\" He pounded his chest. \"This is cruel!\" He grabbed his hair. \"This is cruel! Being human is cruel! And you,\" he jabbed a finger in her face, \"did this to us!\" \"You know that's not true!\" Toaster balled her hands into fists, though tears threatened at her eyes. \"Oh, yeah?\" Kirby's eyes burned into hers as he menaced her. \"It's not true? Thea.\" He spat the word into her face. \"No, it's not. John .\" She shot back. \"Well, you could have fooled me! Prancing in here all dressed up! Why don't you go upstairs, Thea , and put on some of those newfangled things the Mistress bought you? Or go out to the clinic and wow the Master.\" \"You're one to talk! Why don't you bake some more lasagna?\" Toaster shot back. \"Get out of my way.\" Kirby swept her aside with one hand and continued his march into the kitchen. Toaster followed. \"Or wash some dishes, or mop some floors? You're yelling at me about prime directives and being human, and you're running around all day doing everything Chris asks! Where's your prime directive?\" \"What else can I do?\" The tea cup nearly shattered as Kirby dropped it into the sink \"There's nothing else to do! I'm doing everything I can just to stay sane!\" \"You do it just fine! You're going to parks, making friends-!\" \"But I don't want to! I don't want to do any of this! Not like this! Not by myself! When I was an appliance, at least I was never alone!\" \"You've got me!\" Toaster thrust herself between him and the sink. \"I'm right here!\" Kirby backed away, turning his face from her. \"I can't even look at you!\" \"Why not?\" \"Because it's wrong!\" \"What is?\" \"You…dressed like that. Standing there, like that!\" \"But WHY is it wrong? Tell me!\" \"Tell you? Tell you?\" Kirby finally looked at her. \"Yes! You can trust me!\" She pressed her hands to her chest. \"Trust you? You-You weren't even here when it happened!\" Kirby thundered. \"You weren't even at the accident! I looked for you-for anyone-for three days! No one was there! And you want me to TRUST you?\" His voice screamed of desperation. \"I was abandoned! You abandoned me!\" \"I know!\" Toaster could feel tears starting. They matched the waterworks threatening in the sharp eyes staring her down. \"Don't you think I know that? I was alone, too! I was all alone in the car wreck and the hospital, and now I'm alone here! You think you're doing everything you can? I don't know what to do either! But now I'm here! We're here! Talk to me! Quit avoiding me! It's you and me together! Quit acting like I don't…!\" Kirby moved. For a split second they were staring at each other, tears threatening and emotions raw. In the next, Toaster was caught up in Kirby's arms, held tight against his chest. She lost her breath; when she found it, she could feel Kirby's chest heaving, and his hands clutching tightly at her back and her head. She felt his breath in her hair as he fought back his sobs. She felt a sudden release of all the fear and wistfulness and guilt that had eaten away at her slowly for days. She clutched at him, and couldn't say a word; only grateful for his touch as he hugged her. After some time she felt him loosen his grip. She whimpered and tried to tighten her hold on him. Kirby, however, only pulled back far enough to look down on her. His eyes were heavy, tired, though the tears were gone, and he smiled fondly at her. \"Oh, Kirby,\" she gasped, still feeling tears threaten. She thought of more that she wanted to say-how they'd figure it out, and she'd never abandoned him-and opened her mouth to say them. The hand that rose to cup her cheek and the finger that deftly swept the tear back from her eye silenced her. Her skin tingled under his touch, every nerve aflame as his eyes focused unwavering on hers. For a long moment, they stood like that, Toaster holding Kirby with both arms while his hand rested firm and warm on her cheek. Then, Kirby bent his head and kissed her. Kissed her. He kissed her. Kirby, the grumpy, muttering vacuum cleaner, kissed her. And she, the little toaster, kissed him back. Her mind reeled with sensation, the taste of peppermint tea still lingering on his lips, the roughness of his mustache against her skin; the heat of his body as he clasped his arm around her shoulders while the hand cupping her cheek glided into her hair. A great warmth passed through her, flaming in her belly. This was…this was… \"Ouch.\" She broke the kiss as a corner of the counter dug sharply in her back. \"I'm sorry…\" she apologized breathlessly as he straightened up. \"Don't stop…\" Kirby cut her off with a grunt as he grasped her by the waist and hefted her up on the counter. \"I can't stop,\" he exclaimed as she struggled to get her bearings, and claimed her mouth again with more fervency. She flung an arm around his neck, using her free hand to brace herself on the counter. She gasped for breath as Kirby's mouth, no longer content with her lips, moved down her neck, ravishing her clavicle and sucking at the hollow of her neck. His hands touched her everywhere, from her hair to the back of her neck, to sliding down to clasp the small of her back. Her body responded to his ministrations in waves that rippled down her belly. She found her own hand roaming over his shoulders and chest, feeling them tremble, before grasping at the short hairs on his head. Her hand suddenly slipped on the counter, and she would have toppled backwards if Kirby's arms hadn't braced her from behind. She shut her eyes, resting in his grasp. \"Are—are you okay?\" she heard him gasp. She opened her eyes to find him staring down at her with wide eyes. \"I'm fine.\" Touched by his sudden tenderness, Toaster wrapped both arms around his neck, smiling up at him. \"I'm…perfectly fine.\" No. She lied. Strong feelings bubbled inside of her. She wanted to throw back her head and laugh until her heart burst. She wanted him to hold her and never let go. She couldn't understand it. A moment ago she had been furious with him. Unable to find a voice for those desires, she instead reached up to stroke the whiskers on his cheek Kirby shuddered with the caress, and he pressed his head against her breasts. Toaster set her cheek to the top of his head. \"I…I don't know what's happening.\" Kirby's voice, husky with passion, whispered. \"Me neither.\" \"I've never felt this way before.\" \"Me neither.\" Toaster chuckled nervously. \"What…what do we do now?\" \"I don't know,\" she replied, shivering at his warm breath on her breasts. Her fingers traced the curve of his ear, and she suddenly, impulsively, licked it. Kirby shook in response. It wasn't an answer they were looking for, but Kirby suddenly found what he wanted. With a choked sound, he hoisted Toaster from the counter and carried her from the kitchen. Fighting back a startled yelp, Toaster clung to his neck and wrapped her legs around his waist for dear life as he crossed the living room in two strides. She buried her face in his neck-dizzy from his musky scent- so it wasn't until after she felt herself descending that she realized he had carried her into the basement. She raised her head as he halted, taking in the single dim light and a neatly made cot and coffee table. For a moment, he stood at the bottom of the stairs, the night's chill, unusual for August, raised gooseflesh on them both. Kirby hesitated; Toaster felt his arms tighten around her as though he was suddenly aware of her. \"Kirby?\" she whispered, unnerved by the echo of her voice. Kirby's response was to make his way to the cot. The tender way with which he handled her, bending slowly and supporting her head, as he laid her down that her heart ached. She lay looking up at him, as he knelt down, one arm encircling her shoulders as the other rested on the mattress, the fingers stroking her hair. \"Toaster…\" There was the familiar gruff edge to his voice, but it was laced with something else now; an odd, hopeful longing. \"Me, too,\" she answered, eagerly, as she held his face with her hands. His eyes brightened with her permission-though what she had offered permission for exactly she couldn't say. She just knew deeply, with a truth that went beyond her knowledge as a human or an appliance, that she trusted him in everything. As he kissed her forehead, she trusted him. As he trailed kisses down her cheek and neck, she trusted him. As his hands slipped underneath her blouse to caress skin, she trusted him. As her hands carefully mimicked his, she knew he trusted her, too. The cot groaned as Kirby rested one knee by her thigh, straddling her without putting full weight on her. If the cot's supports had chosen to buckle, neither of them might not have noticed. Toaster was too intent on grasping and tugging Kirby's shirt to bring him closer, and Kirby was far too eager in his attempts to gather Toaster's blouse in one fist. The basement was damp and cool, but Toaster only felt Kirby's warmth as he stretched out over her. She helped him lift the blouse over her head, moaning when his mouth touched her bared skin. She hardly noticed when the sweatpants slid down her waist, nor did he seem to notice when she unbuttoned his shirt and ran her hands over his chest. She found herself searching for something; something only the human body that encased her seemed to understand. At the same moment Kirby's hand slid up between her legs, her hands brushed over the waist of his. \"Oh!\" They paused to look up at each other, eyes wide and breaths stopping in shock. For a moment they stared deeply at each other, both waiting for some signal from each other. Toaster knew deeply-she couldn't understand how she knew-that what happened next would change everything for her; for them. She also felt Kirby's fingers, oh, so close, still and waiting for her permission. Without breaking his gaze, she reached down to guide him further. In silent agreement, Kirby continued. In the end, they made their discovery together. Both equally unschooled and undisciplined, they nonetheless uncovered the secret that made life itself both possible and pleasurable. Like Adam and Eve in the garden, they became one, guided only by a hand as mysterious and profound as that which had created humanity. Their first time finished, they lay gasping and clinging to each other, fresh with sweat and amazement. The second time, they broke the cot. On waking, Kirby immediately felt for the plump figure beside him. He didn't have far to look; she was still curled against him, her head resting on his bicep. He'd fallen asleep to the sound of her breathing, but his memories were of her deep breaths and gasps of pleasure. He buried his face in her dark hair, breathing in her scent. Yes. Her scent. He marveled that the Toaster he had known for years possessed a scent so intoxicating. What it was exactly he couldn't guess; it was just her. Everything was her. The light in her eyes when she gazed at him, the way her hands, so small, grabbed at him. He'd been avoiding her for weeks, unable to look at her in his own disgust. Now he couldn't get enough of admiring her, touching her. He slid his hand up her shirt again, gently feeling the swell of her breast. He had never felt this way in his life. She moved in her sleep, breathing out with a small sound and turning so that he could see her sleeping face. Kirby placed a kiss on her lips and her nose, pleased when she smiled in her sleep. He'd known the toaster for most of his life; he'd seen the chrome finish sparkling on the kitchen counter of the cabin when she'd first been tugged from her box. He tolerated her, just as he tolerated any other obnoxious appliance. She smiled and laughed far too often for his taste. Now, though, he'd never known a laugh so perfect, or a smile so beautiful. Was this what made humans so special? This touching and feeling? Is that what it was like to be human? To touch and be touched in that way? He ached for that newfound element of their friendship. Light sprang across her body as he watched her sleep, demanding his reluctant attention. He didn't want to leave, but his internal clock nagged him with a sudden list of his duties. Chores had always been his prime directive and even as a human he couldn't ignore that first duty for which he had been made. Robbie would be waking, hungry for breakfast, and there was a sink full of dishes that he hadn't finished last night. So, he rose from the cot, wincing as broken supports and springs creaked. Toaster only turned over on her side without waking. As an appliance, he would have scoffed at her laziness. As a human possessed, he only felt fondness for his small friend. He straightened his shirt and slacks, lingering only long enough to caress Toaster's dark hair away from her eyes and tuck the blanket around her. He saw no reason to wake her; yet. Half of him, though he couldn't admit it, hoped she'd still be asleep when he returned. The baby was only just stirring when he arrived, and within half an hour he was back downstairs with the tot bouncing gleefully on his arm. While the baby sucked away at a bottle in his highchair, Kirby cleaned the kitchen and set the stove warming eggs and bacon for breakfast. He had to rely on his hands for memory; his mind was far too taken with images of the woman in the basement and the way she had laughed and moaned under his touch. He could barely contain himself when the master and mistress finally came. While they filled their plates high and sweet talked with Robbie, Kirby made a hasty retreat back to the basement. With only an ounce of light gleaming from the tiny west facing window, the basement remained darker and cooler than the rest of the house. He paused at the bottom of the steps to allow his eyes to adjust, relieved that the Toaster was still asleep on the broken cot. \"Toaster,\" he murmured, easing down by her side. The woman moaned. \"Kirby…\" \"Come on, lazybones,\" he urged fondly, drawing the blanket back with one hand while the other slid down her bared waist. \"It's morning. There's breakfast.\" He bent to kiss her. \"Kirby.\" Her panicked plea stopped him. Her eyes were tear stained and wide with panic as she looked up at him, begging silently for help. She moaned again, clutching her belly, and tried to sit up. Kirby moved to help her, abruptly starting as his fingers touched sticky dampness on the inside of her thighs. In a fearful panic, he flung the blankets off the cot. In the dark, he could just barely make out a stain darkening the mattress between Toaster's thighs. \"What?\" \"…I'm sorry…\" The toaster fainted.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Time Flies By in the City of Lights \"You expect me to believe that THIS is natural!\" Kirby, still shaking in his anxiety, focused his attention solely on the woman stretched out weakly on the couch. A stack of pillows elevated her legs while her head lay flat on the cushions; a knit throw had been tossed around her in a modicum of decency. Chris' sat at the toaster's side, her fingers gently rubbing the other's abdomen while Rob refilled a hot water bottle in the kitchen. \"It's just a woman thing,\" she said, offering him a soothing smile. She accepted the hot bottle from Rob and tucked it against the toaster's side. \"Some just have a harder time with the pain than others.\" She reached over to smooth loose hair away from Toaster's face. Kirby relaxed as Toaster's eyelids finally fluttered open and she smiled weakly before closing them again. \"Here.\" Rob offered him a damp towel. Kirby blinked at it before Rob indicated the blood on his fingers. He wiped it off as best as he could, then used a clean corner to wipe his brow as his shaking began to subside. What a morning it had been. The horror of finding Toaster bleeding in his cot had ruptured any common sense he had. His shouts, pleas, and attempts to shake her into consciousness had only brought Rob and Chris racing into the basement. \"Oh! Oh, my gosh!\" \"Wha-what happened?\" Kirby couldn't tell them. He couldn't even begin to guess what had happened. He was too busy using the blankets to staunch the bleeding to even explain how and why the toaster had ended up in his cot. There had been no time for any explanation anyway. Under Rob's quick instructions, Kirby had carried her into the living room and laid her on the couch. He'd then been unceremoniously shoved aside as the two humans sprang into action, checking her pulse, her blood pressure, and cleaning her in places Kirby himself had only just discovered the night before. Somehow they'd revived her long enough to get her to swallow some pain medication, all the while debating back and forth between them whether a 911 call was necessary. All the while he had watched and waited, swallowing his panic and deep, deep regret. It reminded him sharply of standing on a cliff's edge, watching as she and the other dimwits plunged into the depths of a waterfall; that terrible, helpless feeling. And they expected Kirby to believe that the bleeding was normal. Normal! \"Bleeding is not normal,\" he insisted, passing his clean hand over his face. \"Menstruation,\" Chris said sarcastically. \"God's gift to women.\" Rob's hand patted his shoulder. \"The pain meds should take care of things. She just needs some sleep now.\" Kirby met the vet's smile with uncertainly. \"Don't worry. Chris goes through this every month, too.\" He lowered his voice. \"And she's a lot louder about it.\" Chris whacked the back of his head in response as she walked by with the soiled blankets balled under her arm. Rob feigned a grimace. \"I'm, um, going to go see if I can fix that cot.\" Kirby wasn't sure what to make of his muttered, \"Or probably just need to throw the whole thing out,\" as Rob thumped down the stairs. It didn't really matter to him, anyway. Chris returned with some of Toaster's clothes. \"I'm guessing privacy between you two is moot at this point,\" she said, glancing at Kirby, \"but you think you could leave us alone for just a moment?\" \"Oh.\" Kirby rubbed the back of his head as he watched her unwrap some type of cloth square. \"I guess I…I could…\" \"Check on Robbie?\" Chris ventured, as the little boy called out from the kitchen. Taking the hint from her tone, Kirby hurried to do as she asked. By the time Robbie was cleaned up from breakfast (and the highchair he'd decorated during the adults' absence cleaned up as well), Chris had finished helping Toaster dress and was walking into the kitchen. \"She'll be fine,\" she reassured Kirby, as she tossed the wrapper into the trash. \"Though I gotta say, you two sure work things out fast. Bet you want that bed now, huh?\" Kirby wasn't sure he appreciated the smirk she gave him, though he did feel grateful when she took Robbie out of his arms, adding gently, \"Here, I've got him. You go sit with her for a while. Yeah? She's asking for you.\" Heart beating, Kirby only managed a nod as he rushed back into the living room. Still wrapped up in the blanket, Toaster had curled up on her side, hugging the water bottle tightly. There was some color in her cheeks again, he saw as he stooped down to stroke her temple. She stirred, and he was relieved to see the recognition in her eyes as she looked up at him. \"Hey there,\" she murmured. \"Hey there,\" he echoed, uncertain. He ran his thumb over her chin. \"How do you feel?\" \"Mm, better, I think. Kirby, that was the worst pain I've ever felt.\" She grasped his hand. \"Yeah.\" It was the worst thing he'd ever experienced. Menstruation…periods…it still made little sense to him. All he cared about was one specific detail…He bent to whisper in her ear. \"They said it wasn't…wasn't what we did last night.\" \"I know,\" Toaster agreed. \"Chris told me.\" \"Oh. I-I-I'm sorry.\" \"Why? You didn't do anything.\" \"I know…but I-I…\" Her hand brushed his temple, comforting him. \"I'm not upset, Kirby. Really.\" He watched her cautiously. \"You sure?\" \"Mhm. It wasn't your fault.\" She winced. \"What? What's wrong?\" he asked, panic returning. \"Nothing…I'm really tired. And sore.\" \"Would you…would you rather be upstairs in bed?\" Kirby blinked. Where had that offer come from? Toaster considered the couch before nodding, starting to sit up. In one fail swoop, Kirby lifted her, the blanket and the water bottle. After she took a startled breath, she wrapped both arms around his neck and rested her head against his shoulder. \"I've got you,\" he announced, and flushed at her chuckle. Of course, she knew he was holding her. What was he thinking? Clearing his throat, he headed up the stairs, moving as carefully as he could so as not to jostle her. Within minutes they were in her bedroom, and he was settling her in bed. She curled up again as he tucked the comforter around her, ignoring the water bottle as it slipped. Kirby rescued it from the floor. \"Should I refill it?\" he asked, judging its coolness. Toaster shook her head as she hugged the pillow. \"No. It doesn't hurt so much anymore. I just feel…sleepy.\" \"I'll leave you alone, then.\" Kirby lingered to kiss her cheek and tuck the blanket under her chin. He walked away, slowly, glancing back every so often, just to be sure… \"Kirby?\" He stopped in the doorway. \"Yeah?\" \"…Don't leave. Please?\" Without answering, he quickly closed the door and hurried back to slip into the bed beside her. He wrapped both arms around her, kissing the top of her head as she rested comfortably against him. It took four days for the bleeding to stop. \"But at least it's finally stopped!\" Toaster sighed in relief as she washed her hands at the bathroom sink and fixed her ponytail. The first couple of days she had been uncomfortable, wary of those first sharp pains, and though Chris had given her a bag of sanitary napkins and showed her how to wear them, she had still ruined several pairs of underwear and stained a new pair of jeans. Still, if Chris said it was normal, then it must be normal. \"It's odd, though,\" she had told Kirby, as she watched him try a homemade stain removal formula on her jeans. \"How come no one ever mentioned that women bleed once a month?\" \"Why would they?\" Kirby scrubbed at the stain. \"Why would any appliance need to know that?\" He was right, of course. It was not information that appliances would pay attention to. It made her realize more than ever how little they knew about humans; how vast the human experience truly was. \"Well, just one more experience you've added to your repertoire,\" Kirby replied, albeit cheeky as he grinned at her. \"Just count yourself lucky!\" she retorted. \"You'll never bleed like that.\" \"Thank goodness!\" He'd handed her the jeans, as good as new, and she'd rewarded him with a kiss. Despite her ordeal, the last four days had changed everything for them. Between them. That night had opened up a world neither had known anything about, though Toaster realized now that she had been craving it for a long time. The thought thrilled her. Now she understood why Chris had wanted Rob's attention so badly. Now she understood why humans liked to touch, and cuddle, and kiss. She adored Kirby's kisses, his way of grasping her in between tasks and taking sips of her until she was lightheaded from his touch. At times he grasped the edges of her jacket to pull her in close, keeping her trapped with only his gaze alone. They were sharing the guest bedroom now, as well, with only a silent understanding between them and the two humans. Toaster had woken up from her nap that day to find Chris and Kirby carrying an old queen-size bed frame down from the attic. Piece by piece, they replaced it with the single bed that had been there. \"Just take it easy for a few more days,\" was her only comment to Toaster as she dressed it with clean sheets. \"Making love is tough when you're on your period.\" Making love…Toaster smiled as her cheeks flushed in memory. Yes, that was exactly what she and Kirby had done: Made love. More than that, though: Kirby was smiling at her more; speaking to her in every spare moment he could find. He was greeting her in the morning with a smile and a caress, happy to see her. He was coming back from the park, full of stories to tell about people, new friends, and urging her to tell him everything she could see and feel. They were together. Finally. \"He likes bread and butter!\" Toaster sang at the top of her lungs as she danced into the living room. \"He likes toast and jam!\" She and Rob had taken care of the last appointment for the day, and he had sent her off to clean up while he finished some paperwork. It was early; a glance at the clock told her that Kirby would be back from the park with Robbie soon. Good. She missed him, in more ways than one. The whole morning in the surgery her mind had been on him. She couldn't wait to tell him that the bleeding had stopped. He had been patient and gentle with her the last few nights, but she knew without his saying that he wanted to be with her just like they had that first night. She felt the same impatience. While she loved having his arms wrapped around her every night, she couldn't wait to make love to him again. She giggled. A toaster giggling; how absurdly wonderful was that? \"That's what his baby feeds him! He's her loving man!\" She threw her arms above her head and twirled, feeling the ponytail fly. \"Why, hello, sunshine!\" She heard someone greeting as the front door opened. She spun around to see Chris watching her, an amused smile on her tired face. \"You are way too happy for someone who just gave a puppy booster shots.\" \"How did you know?\" Toaster asked. \"I stopped inside the clinic to say hi to Rob. He said you two had quite the busy day.\" Chris's fingers fumbled as she removed her bank name plate from her white shirt and sank down on the couch, but her smile was as friendly as ever as she patted the empty seat beside her. Toaster laughed and bounced down beside her. \"Busy, yes! How was the bank?\" \"Don't get me started.\" She slapped the name plate down on the coffee table. \"I just don't have much patience with idiots-especially the ones that can't tell a penny from a nickel. But at least something good is about to come out of it. A coworker is trying to sell a van.\" \"Really?\" Toaster gasped, as eager to see Chris' excitement as she was with the news. \"Really. And the price doesn't sound half bad. Rob said he'd come by in the next day or two to look at it. Who knows? Maybe things are looking up after all!\" \"Finally!\" Toaster accepted the hug Chris offered her. Things were looking up for them. There were no more strained moments between the two of them, or fights between Chris and Rob. It seemed everyone had settled into a better frame of mind. \"Now, spill,\" Chris demanded, breaking the hug. \"What's got you so upbeat? Period finished?\" Toaster nodded. \"And…I just can't wait to see Kirby,\" she admitted. \"Why? Miss having your ears grumbled out?\" Chris hugged her again with one arm. \"Or is it something else he does with that mouth of his?\" \"Hmm.\" Toaster bit her lip, considering the question. \"I guess it's the something else.\" Now Chris' laugh echoed through the house. \"Thea! Good grief! You really do move fast!\" She loosened her hair from the bun at the nape of her neck, setting the hair pins beside the name plate on the coffee table. \"Less than a week ago you two were at each other's throats! Now you're warming it up in the bedroom!\" \"Warming it up…I like that!\" Toaster smiled fondly. \"I guess we made up alright.\" \"That's some make up!\" Chris tugged her ponytail. \"I'm glad you're getting along, but just be careful you don't have too many fights, or you'll really end up with something to fight over!\" \"What do you mean?\" Toaster asked, following Chris as she headed into the kitchen. Chris selected a glass from the cabinet and got a drink from the kitchen sink. Toaster leaned against the counter, catching a glimpse at Ratso as she waited for Chris to finish. The rat winked at and made some gesture she couldn't understand. She shook her head at him. There had been no chance at conversation with him the last few days, though from a brief conversation between and Kirby she had learned that her emergency had been the talk of the household appliances. As for what they'd seen of her and Kirby in the kitchen, she didn't know. Kirby absolutely refused to repeat what Ratso had said during their last conversation… Chris finished her drink with a sigh. \"Well, don't get me wrong, I love Robbie. He was a pleasant surprise, but surprise all the same.\" She fingered a pacifier that was lying on the window sill above the sink and held it out towards Toaster with her pinky. \"Sometimes he makes my love life a little more complicated. Get my drift?\" Toaster stared blankly at her. \"You think Kirby and I will fight over Robbie?\" Now it was Chris' turn to stare blankly as she dropped the pacifier. \"What? No. I meant you might end up with a baby if you weren't careful.\" \"I would?\" That was news to Toaster. \"How?\" She stood eagerly as Chris' humor vanished into bewilderment. \"Um…Oh, boy…\" Chris reached out to take Toaster by the shoulder and guide her to a chair. \"Thea, maybe you'd better put off any love making plans with John until we've scheduled an appointment with a gynecologist. And had a little talk together…\" \"Gynecologist?\" Toaster wrinkled her nose as she tried to remember that was. \"Yeah, she has something you're gonna need.\" \"Really?\" Toaster watched her pick up the phone and tap a few numbers. \"What?\" \"A little something most women affectionately call 'the pill'.\" Kirby could hear the shower running as he opened the front door and tugged the stroller inside. \"Sounds like your mother is home,\" he said, letting Robbie out of the stroller. \"Hope she's not upset that we're back late.\" \"Mommy!\" Robbie kicked his legs and pulled at his seat belt. \"…He likes bread and butter...he likes toast and jam…\" Kirby chuckled as the voice rang out from upstairs as well. \"She's home, too,\" he said, fondly, bending to unlock the seatbelt. And just what an afternoon he had to tell her… \"Mommy!\" Robbie dashed past Kirby before the vacuum could do a double-take. \"Now, hold up!\" Kirby shoved the stroller to one side. \"She's busy! Come get your snack and you'll see her later!\" But the little boy was already half-way up the stairs. Kirby tried to overtake him, though a dull pain in his back made the going difficult. \"You idiot,\" he grumbled to himself, rubbing the sore spot. \"You just had to be a show-off, didn't you? Giving those kids pony rides?\" Yet, even though each step up the stairs jostled him, he still didn't regret keeping an eye on Colette's twins. An emergency call from her oldest son's grade school had her dashing every which way, trying to call her younger toddlers while grabbing her keys, dropping her keys, calling her sons, dropping her purse, yelling at them to stop throwing sand… \"Oh, I'll just watch them,\" Kirby had finally told her, fed up with watching her stumble all over herself. \"Oh no, no, no!\" Colette kept trying to brush the dirt from her purse. \"I couldn't ask you to do that! Who knows how long it will take to pick him up…\" Kirby found himself sharing a glance with Mary, the most levelheaded of the small group of friends, who had nodded at him and stepped to take Colette by the shoulders. \"You says you're asking, Honey? John's offering! And I'd take him up on it while he still is, if I were you!\" Kirby had left the two of them to hash it out while he stepped into the jungle gym area to stop the twins from tossing sand. The boys were the most rambunctious sort he'd seen at the playground, but one firm glance from him and both had dropped the sand immediately. \"Piggy back! Piggy back!\" they exclaimed, running up to grab at his arms. And he'd given them each a ride around the playground, like the idiot he was. Of course, Robbie wanted one when he saw them. And Judy's little boy and girl. And every bleeding kid at the playground… \"You are such a softie,\" Judy exclaimed, when he had finally said no to all requests for just one more ride. \"How do you get them to listen?\" \"Bother me if I know!\" Kirby snapped, though even he couldn't hide a smile at the thought of kids liking him. He glanced down at the watch Rob had given him, noting that the rides had only lasted ten minutes. \"Did you convince her?\" \"She went,\" Mary replied, from where she sat on the bench, pushing her son's stroller back and forth as he slept. \"Though who knows what she'll find. That's the fourth time this week Cole's blood sugar levels have spiked.\" \"That can't be easy,\" Kirby mumbled, taking a seat beside her. \"With her husband gone away.\" \"And least he's coming back when his tour ends,\" Judy announced. Kirby winced at the bitterness in her voice. \"Not everyone is as lucky to have a husband that wants to come home.\" He heard Mary sigh as she gently replied, \"Not all military wives consider themselves lucky, sweetie.\" But even as Judy went into yet another rant about her separation, Kirby couldn't helping as sorry for her as he was for Colette. Over the last few weeks, he'd come to know them all very well. He knew Colette struggled to keep her boys to mind as she waited for Alex's deployment to end. He knew Judy still cried in her sleep over Frederick, even though he had left her over a year ago. He knew Mary still struggled with the miscarriages she'd had after Piper's birth, even though giving birth to little Sam was proof that there was nothing wrong with her. He felt all their pain strongly, sometimes he even admired them for it. After that episode with Toaster, he felt he could even relate to them all the more; maybe even help them through it, if he could. Though he was twenty minutes late getting Robbie home, the grateful look on Colette's face when she finally came to collect the twins was worth both that and the pain in his back. It had felt right, and good and absolutely natural. Natural… \"Gotcha!\" Kirby finally caught Robbie in the master bedroom, just before he could knock on the bathroom door. \"Now, you can wait five more minutes,\" he reassured the toddler, setting him up on his shoulders to carry him downstairs. \"She's needs a little time to herself, too.\" Robbie squirmed and protested at first, but finally settled down. \"You're a good boy,\" Kirby praised him. \"Don't ever let any other blockhead tell you differently.\" \"No!\" Robbie exclaimed emphatically. \"Yes, you are.\" \"No!\" But Robbie wasn't looking at him. Kirby could feel him twisting around, and turned in the direction the little boy was pointing. \"What the…?\" The door to the attic, normally firmly closed, was completely wide open. Kirby lowered Robbie into his arms as he stared. Perhaps Rob or Toaster had gone up there…but no, he had seen Rob out in the clinic as they were walking back from the park, and Toaster could be heard singing in the guest bedroom. A sneaking suspicion entered his mind. But it couldn't be any of their friends, he tried to reason as he placed one foot on the steps. Not in the middle of the afternoon, with so many humans about… The guest bedroom door opened. \"Kirby? Is that you?\" \"To-aster!\" Immediately, Robbie wiggled to get free. Kirby set him on the floor and watched him run to Toaster, arms wide out. \"Hi, Robbie!\" She swept him up, covering his face in kisses. For a moment, Kirby forgot the attic as he watched her, feeling himself bathed in admiration for her enthusiasm. He left the stairs and waited patiently for her to finish with the toddler. \"Hey, Kirby,\" she exclaimed, noticing him at last and putting Robbie down. He chuckled as she placed her hands on his shoulders and rose high up on her toes to kiss him. \"You okay?\" he asked, breaking the kiss to cup her chin and study her face. There was something passionate in her kiss, something he hadn't felt from her before. Her face was flushed, and her eyes sparkled in an endearing way. He seized her up in both arms and kissed her soundly. \"And just what are you hiding?\" he teased, when they paused for air. Her eyes widened innocently. \"Hiding? I'm not hiding anything!\" She rubbed noses with him. \"I just…have something to tell you.\" \"Oh? Is that so?\" He humored her. \"Just something to tell me.\" \"Something special.\" It was true. She seemed ready to burst from whatever it was she concealing. \"What?\" he asked. She drew a breath to speak, but Robbie's squeal from the master bedroom cut her short. \"Mommy! Mommy!\" \"Darn it,\" Kirby said, as saw Chris come out with Robbie in her arms, a towel wrapped around her hair. \"I tried to stop him.\" \"Don't worry about it.\" Chris kissed her son's cheek as he poked her towel. \"He's at that stage where he just gets everywhere. And, obviously, you two were busy,\" she said, knowingly, seeing Toaster in Kirby's embrace. Kirby cleared his throat, but Toaster simply laughed and kissed him without shame. He saw Chris shake her head. \"Well, don't let me interrupt anything. Just remember what we talked about, Thea? Right? Nothing until after your appointment.\" She gave a glance Kirby could only interpret as meaningful. He looked at Toaster for a better explanation, but only received that sparkling look as his answer. \"I'll remember. I promise,\" she reassured Chris. \"Good girl.\" \"Meet me in the bedroom,\" she whispered in Kirby's ear, as Chris headed downstairs with Robbie. \"Alright.\" He didn't see the point to whispering when they had no secrets. \"Let me put away the stroller and give Robbie a snack first.\" Toaster was gleeful as he set her back on her feet. \"Don't take too long.\" Her hand caressed his chest as she turned back for the bedroom. Kirby had to snap himself together to remind himself that his duties to the McGroartys came first. He wanted nothing better than to follow her into the room and give in to whatever temptation she was offering. Perhaps it was fate, he realized later, that prevented him from giving into pure instinct. Or perhaps he possessed more common sense than the average vacuum. Whatever it was, today was a day for good judgement, as he realized when he entered the kitchen and found Rob and Chris in muted conversation. It took just one glance for him to see Rob's discomfort and Chris's tenacity, and to realize that it was connected to whatever secret Toaster had to share. So he was somewhat prepared, as he set out carrot sticks and grapes for Robbie's snack, when Rob sidled up to him after Chris pointedly left the room. \"So, you and Thea have been…getting along lately.\" Kirby shrugged it off. \"We've always gotten along.\" \"…Right.\" Rob scratched at the skin above his cast. \"Yeah, I can see that. Um…I just thought you ought to know...Well, Chris actually thought…that is…that we don't really mind you two…together.\" Kirby put Robbie's plate on his highchair and crossed his arms, waiting. \"We don't mind it either.\" \"It's just that…\" Rob rubbed the back of his head as his eyes darted everywhere, \"Chris had a conversation with Thea earlier concerning your…time together…and she was afraid that maybe…you didn't quite understand everything.\" \"Everything? Everything about what?\" Kirby demanded. Where was this going? \"About.\" Rob hesitated. \"S…se…um, birth control.\" Kirby wrinkled his nose. \"Birth control?\" \"Oh, boy.\" Rob ran a hand over his face. \"Chris was right again. You mind if we sit down…?\" Kirby didn't mind it. In fact, he was almost certain he was going to need a chair, too. \"No!\" \"What do you mean 'No'?\" Kirby found himself blinking at a bewildered Toaster sometime later. \"I mean NO!\" he roared, feeling much like Robbie had earlier in trying to make himself heard. Forgetting to keep his voice down, he paced back and forth in the guest bedroom. He felt like the wool had been snatched from his eyes, just in time. The conversation he had with Rob, awkward and long though it had been had opened everything for him. Humans, their offspring, that wonderful night he and Toaster had spent together… enjoyed together…why, it made him positively ill. Toaster, on the other hand, glowed with excitement as she sat cross-legged in the middle of the bed. \"But, Kirby, isn't it the most wonderful thing you've ever dreamed of! Humans creating their own babies by doing exactly what we've been doing! Together. Making…making love!\" \"Making what?\" \"Well, that's what Chris called it. What we did together.\" Toaster had a dreamy look on her face. \"Making love.\" That wasn't exactly what Rob had called it, but Kirby held his peace. One fight at a time. \"No,\" he repeated. \"But, don't you understand?\" Toaster insisted. \"That's what making love is for! Creating, having a baby! That's how Chris and Rob got Robbie! Can you imagine?\" She laughed. \"What would Blanky say if I told him we could do it, too?\" \"Do what?\" Kirby stopped pacing to stare at her, feeling his jaw nearly drop. \"Have a baby, of course!\" She laughed so hard tears were running down her face. \"It's incredible, isn't it?\" Kirby chilled. He found himself staring down at that lovely, laughing vision, and shaking. \"You're insane,\" he gasped. \"But, Kirby…\" \"You're worse than insane!\" Kirby grabbed at his head as he lowered himself to the bed, his thoughts going every which way. \"We can't!\" \"But we could…\" Toaster's hand wrapped around his. \"But we shouldn't,\" he replied, seizing both of her hands and turning to face her. \"We don't know what we're doing! At all! This is…this is too much!\" \"But…\" \"We don't even know how much longer we'll be human,\" Kirby pressed, grasping for anything at that point. It worked, though he couldn't decide if he was relieved or disappointed to see the Toaster's enthusiasm fade. \"Oh. Right.\" She lowered her gaze to the bed as she thought it over. \"I guess we shouldn't really try anything if we…aren't going to stay…\" \"That's right.\" He squeezed her hands. \"I guess that means we shouldn't…make love…anymore either…\" \"Well, now, wait a second!\" Kirby started. He was starting to lose his mind. \"I—I never said we needed to stop. We just have to be careful with what we're doing.\" He ran his thumb over her hand, marveling again at how much smaller and softer her hands felt. \"Rob said Chris was going to get you…control or something?\" \"Birth control.\" Toaster nodded. \"She said the gynic…gecolo…doctor would give me some sort of pill that would help. I would just have to remember to take one each time we made love.\" \"Well, that's what we'll do, then.\" He pulled her close to him. \"We'll be careful until we change back. Agreed?\" She sighed as she put her head against his chest. \"Agreed.\" He sighed in relief, holding her fast. \"Thank you,\" he whispered, though he couldn't be sure he was thanking her or his lucky stars. \"Humans are more complicated than I thought,\" he heard her say. He agreed in a grunt, feeling that little more needed to be said. His hands roamed, stroking her hair; just feeling her. \"I'm glad, though. I love feeling you touch me.\" \"Mmm.\" He eased back in the bed, bringing her with him. \"I love it, too.\" A surge rose through him. \"When is the appointment with the doctor?\" \"Tomorrow.\" He drew a breath, trying to calm himself. \"Well, we can wait another day.\" \"Kirby?\" She pulled away from him, raising herself up on her elbows to look down at him. \"Hm?\" \"Do you…do you think we'll feel the same way about each other when we're appliances again?\" It took a moment of staring into her confused, disappointed eyes before her question really sank into him. When it did, he found he had no real answer, because they both knew the true answer perfectly well. He simply stared back, wordless, until she drew away from him and rose from the bed, quietly leaving the room. He didn't hurry after her; she wasn't truly leaving him. She simply needed what he needed at that moment: some time alone to think it over. Only Kirby wasn't sure what to think anymore. He didn't know how long he lay in bed after she left, staring up at the ceiling. He just keep trying to come to some reasonable conclusion in his mind about their situation, who they were and what they were, and how long it all would really last. And then he remembered the opened attic door. Throwing caution to the wind, he rolled out of the bed, ignoring the cringe in his back, and made right for the attic. Once past the door, he found his earlier suspicions confirmed. The lamp, radio, hearing aids, and calculator were gathered in a semi-circle, looking like conspirators united. Even though he knew what the point for the meeting, he couldn't help the bubble of exasperation that burst from inside. \"What do you all think you are doing?\" he demanded glaring from one to the other. \"At this time of the day? With everyone in the house? What if you were caught up here, huh, and Rob and Chris started asking questions? How's that supposed to help me or Toaster?\" He waited, arms crossed for their answers, before realizing in yet another wave of exasperation that they couldn't answer. \"Oh, never mind,\" he muttered, grunting as he lowered himself before them on one knee. \"You're doing your best. That's what Ratso says, anyway. I won't believe it until I see some results.\" He paused, finding himself staring at the radio's weathered dial. \"If you're getting any results, that is…\" They all stayed motionless, featureless, but Kirby had an eerie sense of eyes boring into him, waiting. \"They just want to know what the heck's going on between you and the toaster,\" Ratso had insisted just two days earlier. \"What with that performance between youse guys in the kitchen, and Toaster nearly dying in the living room.\" \"She wasn't dying,\" Kirby snapped at him, uneasy with the guilt that crept over him. \"Okay, then Blanky was exaggerating! But what about in the kitchen?\" Ratso had eyed him closely, seeming to guess more than he was letting on. \"I can't explain anything to them if you don't explain it to me…!\" Kirby had firmly told him to shut it and ended the conversation by storming out. Explain it? What business was it of theirs, anyway? Especially now, considering the trouble he and Toaster had nearly-could still nearly-get themselves into with the whole business. And now, faced with all of them, even inanimate as they were, he realized that he simply didn't know how to explain. Where did he even start? \"Look, I know you're wondering what happened,\" he said at last, setting his gaze on the lamp (and almost sensing the stupid look in return). \"Whatever you've seen of me and the toaster…I—I don't know what to tell you. These last few weeks…well, they haven't been easy. So, whatever you guys think…whatever you're saying…\" His tongue dried as he stared at each of them. What exactly was he going to say? That he was sorry? That he missed them? That he and Toaster…? He colored. \"Look, I don't actually have to explain myself to any of you,\" he snapped. \"It's none of your business about…whatever you've seen us do. You'd understand it if this had happened to you. But it didn't, so…so don't give either of us any flak. It's more complicated than you think. So the last thing she and I need are for any of you to talk behind our backs! What we need is a solution! We need to change before we do anything—anything—\" Why did the word \"unnatural\" keep coming up in his mind? Why was it anything they did as humans was considered unnatural when the humans around them found it as natural as nature itself? \"Kirby?\" Toaster called. \"Are you up there?\" \"I'll be down in a minute,\" Kirby shouted. But he lingered, even as he looked down at the radio's dial. \"I…I…\" He remembered the cabin, how the lamp and the radio woke him up every morning with their bickering. He recalled singing in the kitchen when Rob and Chris were away, and… …Just when had he started calling them Rob and Chris…? \"Damn natural,\" he growled. \"Just—just hurry up and figure this out, before anything else happens!\" he added, as a door opened downstairs. \"Find a way to change us back,\" he said again, softer this time. \"Please. Before anything else starts to feel natural.\" Then he had gone downstairs, leaving the attic door open just enough for them to make their exit, and found Toaster waiting for him at the bottom of the stairs, her eyes watching him hopefully and regretfully. \"Kirby,\" she said, holding out both her hands in peace as he came down, \"I just wanted to say—\" He didn't let her say it. He clasped her face in his hands and kissed her. It was the most natural feeling in the world. They said nothing else after that about feelings and changes. Toaster realized that night as Kirby slept beside her that they really had nothing more to say. Making love had been wonderful, incredible, but it was a feeling they would never have when they were appliances again. So, why talk any further about it? Why practice it any further? Toaster actually wondered if Kirby would even sleep in the bed with her, now that they realized what they risked by being so close to each other. She could see him struggling with it all through dinner, all through the evening until bedtime came. She'd left him on the couch as she headed for bed, trying hard not to pressure him, not to pressure herself as she sat on the bed and willed herself to stay in control. But then he'd opened the door, and she'd made room for him in the bed. So they both agreed, in silence, that they couldn't avoid taking risks. They simply would have to be prepared for what came and accept the risks that followed with it. As humans, they couldn't do anything else. Going with Chris to the gynecologist the next day, Toaster had to wonder if sex was truly worth all the fuss humans made of it anyway. She was asked to undress, lie on cold, crinkling paper with her legs stretched apart, and stay still as an uninterested stranger scrutinized those places only Kirby had really seen. Even with Chris sitting beside her, holding her hand and telling it wasn't so bad, Toaster wondered why humans even bothered in the first place. The questions didn't make much sense either. When had she first started menstruating? \"…Four days ago?\" she ventured. Both Chris and the doctor thought she was being coy and had brushed it off. How long had she been sexually active? \"What?\" How long had she been sexually active…? \"Have you ever loved anyone like you loved John?\" Chris interrupted the doctor. \"Oh. No.\" First time. \"Vasovagal syncope,\" the doctor announced, when the questions ran out. Something to do with a nerve in her back and a sensitivity to pain. That was all Toaster understood. That, and the pamphlets on sex the doctor gave her to read (and Chris hinted that Kirby might like to see them as well). She'd was also prescribed pain pills and given tips on relaxation techniques. \"So, it won't be like that every time,\" she mused to herself. It was different for everyone. In some ways knowing that didn't help…in others, it made sense. Not everything was the same. And then, of course, there was the birth control. Toaster clutched the little container of pills in her hand all through the bus ride home, afraid to let Chris even put them in her purse. They were a lifeline; a chance for both her and Kirby. To do what? Her mind snapped at her, as tired and sore as her body and worried about things she didn't understand. So you can and Kirby can keep doing something that won't matter anyway? \"It matters now,\" she whispered. So? \"So when I'm with him I don't feel so lonely,\" Toaster tried to explain. Is that any excuse? \"No…but what else can I do? We've got to find a way to be together, or we may not get through this at all. Do you want to go back to feeling like nothing?\" Her mind was too tired to match an argument like that one. So when she walked through the door of the McGroarty house and found Kirby waiting for her, she simply opened her hands and showed him the small container. He had shared a sober glance with her- as confused and uncertain as she believed her face must have looked. Then, ignoring everything else in the routine they'd established, he taken her hands and led her up the stairs to what had become their bedroom. And suddenly sex was not as complicated as they had thought.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9: Time Stands Still in the Country Something in the early morning hours roused Toaster from her deep sleep; something beckoning to her sweetly. Ignoring the form of the weary man beside her, she rose from the bed and moved languidly along the floor, reaching for the door. She opened it to a wide meadow decked out in lilies and daisies, the sun caressing each one with its wide rays. Animals leaped about and played, hardly seeming to notice her as she walked amongst them. \"Toaster.\" She smiled at the sound of her name, and turned to see Blanky hugging up little mice. Radio and Lampy danced nearby with a family of squirrels. But where was Kirby…? There he was, still by the rolling chair. Robbie was on his shoulders as he knelt down by the battery, his hands moving clumsily. His mouth moved, and though she couldn't hear him, she knew he was muttering about how low it was and how far they still had to go to find Rob. Master. Not Rob. Master. A chill blew. She hugged herself as a shadow fell, and looked up to see if it was raining. It wouldn't harm her if she wasn't plugged in to the battery, she told herself. It wouldn't harm her if she stayed unplugged… \"But you are unplugged,\" the voice called again, soft and mournful. Then Toaster was surrounded by thick bushes, and she could see that the shade came from an oak tree far off by itself. There, just at her feet, was a single, wilting lily. \"I remember,\" Toaster said, kneeling and holding out her hands to cup it. \"I remember you here by yourself. You looked at me and thought I was another flower.\" \"But I can't see myself now,\" the lily said, dying before Toaster's eyes. \"There's no reflection in you anymore. Just time and death. Time and death.\" The last petal fell, crumpling to dust in Toaster's hands. Time and death… As the dream faded, Toaster stirred to find herself lying on her back, Kirby's asleep on top of her. His head rested against her bosom, and his arms were wrapped loosely around her; the exact same position he had been in when he collapsed on top of her. Contentedly, she ran her fingers through his hair, feeling his chest rise and fall against her. The dream pounded through her consciousness, but by the time Kirby woke, ready to have another go with her, it was completely forgotten. After a brief morning treating a sneezing ferret, Toaster helped Rob lock up the clinic so he could be on his way to the bus stop. The time had finally come for Rob's cast to come off, and he couldn't have been happier about it. \"Off and good riddance!\" Rob explained, livelier than Toaster had seen him in a long time. \"Goodbye to bad rubbish!\" \"So much for never throwing anything away!\" Toaster giggled. \"I never said I was a saint,\" Rob informed her without remorse. \"Even I know some things can't be saved!\" He whistled some tune as they made their way back to the house, pausing briefly outside the back door to take Toaster by the hand and twirl her around. \"Better knock it off before you break your other arm!\" she warned him through her laughter. \"I'll never break another bone for as long as I live,\" he protested. Per their arrangement, Chris was leaving work to meet him at the hospital. Once the appointment was over, the two would be meeting her coworker to purchase the van. It had been well used, but even Chris agreed that it was just what their family needed just then. \"It's all working out,\" Rob kept saying as he got himself ready for the appointment. \"It's all working out.\" As happy as she was for him, Toaster couldn't help casting looks to the junk drawer. It wasn't hard to see that Kirby was doing the same. When Rob was ready, Toaster and Kirby saw him off to the bus stop, waving to him from the porch. Little Robbie leaned over the porch railing, chirping, \"Bye! Bye! Bye!\" until Rob was well out of sight. \"What now?\" Toaster asked, as Kirby put Robbie up on his shoulders. \"Whadya mean what now?\" Kirby winced as the toddler tugged his hair. \"We have the house to ourselves!\" Toaster said. \"Shouldn't we do something?\" Kirby cocked an eye at her. \"You mean, shouldn't we experience something?\" She could see his amusement. \"Well, shouldn't we?\" \"Depends on what you have in mind.\" \"I don't know. We could go to the pond…we could climb trees…\" None of that appeared to interest Kirby. She wracked her mind. \"We could make something…\" \"We could cook something,\" Kirby suddenly suggested, sounding nonchalant. \"Cook something?\" Toaster couldn't believe it. \"You mean, you and me?\" \"Why not? There's still recipes I haven't tried.\" He kissed her hand. \"Got any suggestions?\" \"Just one.\" Toaster knew exactly what she wanted to make While Robbie chimed in from his highchair, Kirby helped her measure and stir pancake batter, and dip spoonful after spoonful onto an evenly greased pan. Toaster's heart soared as she watched the golden batter bubble and brown. Kirby's hands guided hers as he directed her to, slowly, test each one with a spatula. She concentrated as hard as she could, willing herself to get them right this time. Kirby made concentrating difficult, however, as he pressed himself firmly against her back and massaged her hips. \"Kirby, don't!\" she begged when he sucked her neck. \"I'm going to burn them again!\" \"I still can't believe you burned them the first time.\" He chuckled into her hair. \"You were a toaster!\" Toaster scowled at him. \"Toast and pancakes are entirely different.\" \"You're telling me.\" \"How about you both cut it out?\" Ratso grumbled from nearby. \"You're making me sick!\" \"In that case,\" Toaster replied, sweetly, \"no pancakes for you.\" \"Too rough on a weak stomach,\" Kirby agreed. \"Oh, brother! Give a rat a break!\" He dove under his newspaper clippings, leaving the two laughing. \"Listen, when you two stop playing lovey-dovey, you think you can spare a moment?\" \"Why? Is something wrong?\" Toaster proudly lifted each golden cake to the platter Kirby held out for her. \"Not really. The hearing aids have a theory…\" \"Really?\" Kirby stopped short of putting the platter on the table. \"What did they say?\" Sheepishly, Ratso held out his hands. \"I didn't really catch all of it. Something about cells and DNA regenerates and…\" He trailed off at her look. \"Well, I'm not stupid! It's just not my forte.\" \"Some messenger you are,\" Kirby retorted. \"Look, I'm only trying to help youse out.\" Ratso sullenly crossed his arms and turned his back on them. \"I'll quit passing messages, and then we'll see whose complaining.\" \"Never mind, Ratso.\" Toaster tried to soothe him. \"We appreciate everything you've done for us. We never would have been able to do this without you. Right, Kirby?\" Kirby snorted. \"Please keep going.\" \"Fine.\" Ratso scratched at his ear as he turned around again, but even that gesture didn't hide his embarrassment from the praise. \"Anyways, like I was saying, they finally think they got something. But they need more samples from you to test it out.\" \"More hair?\" \"More like spit, I think. They said to use a cotton swab on your cheek. \" Ratso hooked a finger on the inside of his cheek to demonstrate. \"End swick it ento a contawner.\" \"When?\" Ratso popped his finger out \"Oh, in a couple years. You know, whenever you're ready to quit playing house together.\" \"Knock it off,\" Kirby demanded, cutting Robbie's pancakes. \"Hey, Toaster's the one acting dumb. You want to get this over with, don't you?\" \"Of course, we do!\" Kirby thundered. He hesitated though, looking at Toaster. \"But, uh, where do we get the cotton swabs? \"From the clinic,\" Toaster said, before Ratso could answer. \"Rob keeps an extra key in his desk. I'll get it.\" Kirby's hand on her arm stopped her. \"After breakfast,\" he insisted, handing her a plate piled with pancakes dripping syrup and butter. Toaster smiled, and joined him at the table. While Robbie ran about in the waiting room, Kirby sat on Rob's swivel chair in the surgery. He glanced around nervously, taking in the sight of surgery tools, well-worn veterinary textbooks, and various other such equipment that signaled a well- kept clinic. He'd only been out there once since it had been established, but could barely recall any details worth remembering. It had just been another human place where he had no real purpose. Even now, he couldn't help feeling like an intruder. It was a marvel, then to watch Toaster move so purposefully around the room, selecting drawers and cabinets with a familiar precision. \"So,\" he said, wondering how she could be so at ease, \"This is where you spend your time.\" \"Mm hm.\" Toaster set small sample containers on the counter beside him. \"You sure know your way around.\" He cautiously touched a container of gloves. \"Do you actually have to use all these things?\" \"Sometimes. I haven't used everything just yet, but Rob promised to show me. He's a good teacher.\" She swabbed the inside of her cheek with a cotton swab and stuck the sample deftly into one of the container. \"Okay, your turn.\" She stood in front of him with a second cotton swab. \"How are we going to explain the stuff missing?\" Kirby asked, shying away. \"He won't notice. He buys everything in bulk. Now, come on. It won't hurt.\" Toaster held his chin firmly. Kirby relented to having his cheek swabbed. \"Think it will be enough?\" he asked, dubious eyeing the sample as she placed it in a container. It seemed inadequate to him. She paused, considering. \"I suppose.\" Her gaze drifted to a drawer. \"But better safe than sorry, right?\" As Kirby watched, she pulled out what looked like a microscope slide and a small, sharp needle. Kirby sucked in a breath as she aimed the needle at her middle finger. \"You're not going to do that on yourself, are you?\" \"Just my finger. It'll be quick.\" \"You'll hurt yourself,\" he protested, rising from the seat. \"Don't worry. I know what I'm doing.\" Without another word, she pricked her finger. Kirby's stomach turned over as a dot of blood bubbled up. She carefully smeared it on the slide. \"There! That should be plenty for them to work with.\" She shot a glance at him. \"Hey, are you alright?\" \"Of course,\" he muttered, trying to hide his nausea. \"You don't…you don't think they'll want my blood, too?\" Toaster patted his leg as he put the samples into a plastic bag. \"I think they'll get by with mine. \"Thank goodness.\" Even as the nausea passed, he couldn't help feeling proud of Toaster's confidence. She was so at ease in the clinic, so certain of herself and everything else. Perhaps she was right in this notion of experiences… \"Pawk!\" Kirby's thoughts were interrupted by Robbie bounding into the surgery and throwing his arms around Kirby's leg. \"Pawk! Pawk! Pwease?\" Robbie's blue eyes shone. \"That's right.\" Kirby patted his head. \"We better get going.\" He looked up at the Toaster, though, as a new thought entered his mind. \"Don't worry about me,\" Toaster quickly said, reading his dubiousness. \"I'll go give these samples to Ratso, and then I'm coming straight back out here to clean up. I promised Rob I'd have the units scrubbed down before he got back.\" \"Right now?\" Kirby eyed her, as he lingered to let her lock up behind them. \"Better sooner than later.\" She brushed hair behind her ear. \"Why?\" \"Nothing.\" Kirby cleared his throat. \"I just thought, maybe, you'd like to come to the park.\" Toaster's eyes lit up. \"Really? You really want me to come?\" \"Yes, well, why not?\" Kirby had to slow his pace for Toaster to keep up with him. \"You wanted to do something different. Going to the park would be a change.\" He cleared his throat to keep the smile from crossing his face. \"On second thought, you might be too busy for a new experience, what with cleaning the clinic and sitting in the house all by yourself all afternoon…\" \"Kirby.\" Toaster laughed. \"Are you teasing me?\" \"…A bit.\" He grinned down at her as he held the door open. \"I'd love to come! Just let me give these to Ratso!\" She hurried inside. He heard her speaking in a hurried tone to Ratso as he readied Robbie's stroller. \"Okay.\" Toaster was breathless as she came back. Her hands brushed the curls from her forehead. \"Do I need to bring anything?\" \"Just a smile.\" \"Done!\" A cheery one was already residing on her face. \"Let's go!\" An unusual breeze caught them as they walked down the road. Kirby, wondering when August had gotten so chilly, remembered that September was already around the corner. When had time gone by so fast? Robbie bounced with glee in his stroller, urging Kirby on with his shouts. Toaster's excitement matched his, with the way she bounced at Kirby's side. Kirby found himself thoroughly enjoying the walk more than he ever had. Then, the park came into view, and with it the usual mothers and babysitters who normally swarmed with their broods. Kirby's shoulders stiffened as familiar heads swung in his direction, and felt his stomach doing loops as eyes darted to Toaster at his side, hugging his arm. Oh, boy…Why hadn't he thought of that before? He hesitated, just at the edge of the curb, looking down uncertainly at Toaster. Of course the mothers would be nosy. How could he have forgotten that? Toaster, oblivious to the danger before her, returned his look with a quizzical one. \"Are those your friends?\" she asked, pointing towards them. \"That's them, alright.\" Although he was starting to wonder if he could actually count them as friends. \"They look wonderful!\" Toaster exclaimed. She shielded her eyes in the sun. \"Which one is Mary?\" \"The one with the baby.\" And the too-excited look on her face. Kirby had half a mind to turn tail and flee, but the ladies were already making a beeline in their direction. \"Hey, big fella! You're here early!\" Colette called through cupped hands as they approached. Kirby only nodded as he unbuckled Robbie from the stroller and let him tumble across the wood clippings to the slide. \"Early morning. Not a lot of work,\" he mumbled, focused on untangling the seatbelt straps \"And you brought a friend!\" Judy's voice dripped with honey above his head. \"John, sweetie, aren't you going to introduce us?\" Mary asked. Kirby straightened up from the stroller, looking to find all three scrutinizing a beaming Toaster. Before he could say anything (or even think of anything to say), Toaster flung both arms around Mary and baby Sam, \"Hello, Mary! It's so nice to finally meet you!\" \"Finally?\" Mary gathered herself fast and freed an arm to embrace Toaster. \"Kirby has told me everything about you!\" Toaster explained. \"Oh, he has, has?\" Kirby winced as Mary's eyebrows shot up and she cast an amused look. \"Names, description and everything, huh? Well, well, well.\" And, uh, what's your name, dear?\" \"I'm Toa…Thea.\" Kirby sighed at how quickly Toaster caught herself. He still found it difficult to respond to being called John. \"Thea. What a unique name.\" Judy seized Toaster's hand and pumped it with all her might. \"Judy. It's funny, but John's never mentioned you.\" \"He hasn't?\" Toaster looked at him curiously. Kirby cursed inwardly as he took his time straightening up from the stroller. \"I just never got around to it, that's all,\" he muttered. \"Oh, sure.\" Mary nodded her head in mock agreement. \"I'm sure, given the proper amount of time…\" \"And encouragement!\" Colette elbowed him pointedly. \"…He would have mentioned his lovely lady friend to us. Eventually.\" \"So.\" Judy butted in. \"Tell us about yourself, Thea! Do you live nearby?\" \"Oh, yes! Kirby and I live in the McGroarty house just down the road.\" Judy's eyes seemed to pop out of her head. \"So you two live together?\" \"My, my, my.\" Mary's smile was much too big. Kirby's ears inflamed under the teasing, causing their laughter to peal. Even Toaster joined in, though she didn't seem to grasp what so funny. As the pack swept Toaster off to one of the benches, asking question after question, he could only follow along helpless, wondering what in goodness' name there was to be embarrassed about. Robbie called out from the swings, giving Kirby just the escape he needed. As he pushed Robbie's swing back and forth, he glanced back to be sure Toaster was fine. There she sat, in the midst of the group, beaming and friendly; blissfully untouched by their teasing questions. At some point, she said something to Colette which sent them all into laughing fits. \"John, your girlfriend is a sweetheart!\" Mary exclaimed, bringing Sam to the baby swings when he fussed. \"Seriously, why didn't you ever mention her before, you Casanova?\" Girlfriend. \"Oh, I don't know,\" he muttered, suddenly struck by the word. Girlfriend? Chris had been Rob's girlfriend…some time ago, anyway. He knew it meant closeness, relationship that no one else shared. He studied Toaster, watching the way she tilted her head to one side and flung it back when she laughed. A girlfriend. His girlfriend? \"Don't be so embarrassed! We're just giving you a hard time.\" Mary rested her hand on his shoulder. \"We're happy for you!\" \"You are?\" \"Not everyone is lucky enough to find someone. And you have definitely got a keeper.\" Mary's eyes sparkled. \"I don't think I've ever seen you look so smitten before.\" That startled Kirby. Did he look at Toaster differently? Toaster was glowing by the time they left the park. \"It was wonderful!\" she exclaimed, when they returned to the house an hour later. \"They were wonderful!\" \"Yeah, well, they're always loud,\" Kirby remarked, as she held open the front door for him. \"They sure liked you.\" \"Yeah, well.\" He busied himself with putting away the stroller. \"They've got good taste.\" Mary's comments remark to himself, though it still played over and over each time he looked at Toaster. \"They liked you, too,\" he added, gruffly. \"They did?\" Toaster flushed with pleasure. \"I'm so glad!\" \"So am I,\" he added quietly to himself. He recalled the praises from the women at the park, and the way Toaster's eyes had shined when they looked up at him. He tried to block back the pleasure and concentrate on spot cleaning, but somehow he couldn't help basking in the approval. \"Hey, press that button,\" he said, noting the flashing light on the answering machine. \"Please and thank you.\" Toaster teased as she pushed the button. \"I'll be back down,\" she added, heading upstairs as the answering machine clicked. \"Hey, Thea, John. It's Rob. Just wanted to let you know that the appointment is over, and my arm is as good as new.\" \"Almost,\" Chris chimed in, her voice from a distance. \"Anyway, we're going to have lunch in town before we pick up the van, but we should be back in time for dinner. We'll see you later.\" Kirby glanced at the clock on the stove as the message ended, considering the time. A little more time to themselves? Perhaps he could persuade Toaster to put off the clinic a little while longer and practice more cooking. \"What would she like?' he mused, taking up the cook book. Chris had bought some salmon for him to try, as he was studying the fish section of the book. It was too heavy for lunch, but a little early dinner preparation wouldn't hurt anyone. He swung to the stairwell, preparing to call up at her, when the machine clicked three more times. \"Hiya, fellas.\" He caught his breath at the familiar voice. He turned, half expecting to find the dial face right behind him. \"Long time no talk. Things being what they are, we thought we'd try a direct approach.\" \"Say hi for me!\" Lampy's voice butted in. \"Hi, Toaster! Hi, Kirby!\" a tiny voice piped up. \"Don't push me, you guys!\" Radio fought. \"Anyway, we just wanted to say hold on tight. Looks like the junk drawer guys might be on to something at last! Keep your seat belts buckled!\" \"Don't let Toaster get hurt again!\" Lampy interrupted. The machine clicked off, but the voices rang in Kirby's ears. Odd how nostalgic he become, remembering. Who knew that he would miss those blockheads so much? Toaster thundered down the stairs. \"Watch it!\" he warned, as she landed on the last step and all but leaped at him. He caught her, and found himself swinging her around to keep from losing his balance. \"Who was on the phone?\" she asked. \"Rob,\" he said, easily enough. \"They won't be back until dinner.\" \"Oh? Was that it? I thought I heard two messages.\" \"I was going to salmon cakes for dinner. You want to help?\" He interrupted her reply with a kiss, as he carried her into the kitchen. He didn't do anything wrong, after all. They hadn't found anything. There was no reason to tell her that their friends still had nothing to offer them. Toaster mused over the park as she cleaned up the clinic. It surprised her that Kirby, grumpy and loner as he had been, had made friends in such a short time. Perhaps that was part of being human, though; neither could avoid contact with anyone. She was such an old hand at the work that she barely had to refer to Rob's chart. She had memorized the place not simply from familiarity, but affection as well. She ran the dust rag over the tops of the books, then followed with a finger. Cautiously, she tipped the book out and opened it to a random page. Toaster paused to study the figure the offered on the next page. Wouldn't Rob be pleased to find that she knew so much? Then, when she was a toaster again… Time and death. She stopped as the words crossed her mind. Where had those come from? Slowly, she pushed the book back into its place and turned back to her task, almost regretfully. What was the point of learning veterinary medicine? She wasn't going to need it when she became a toaster again. If the hearing aids finally had a theory, then there wasn't much reason to read any further. Time and death. She carried that ominous feeling into the house, only to be met by an even heavier sensation. Robbie was eating his strawberries and cherry tomatoes with gusto, ignorant of the way the former vacuum leaned against the doorway, arms crossed. Ratso looked deeply uncomfortable as he clasped the bars of his unit with both hands. \"What's wrong?\" she asked, glancing from one to another. \"They got the test results back,\" Ratso said. \"Already?\" Toaster's breath caught, and her heart started an odd thud that pounded through her ears. \"They got in touch with Wittengenstein while youse guys were out. Apparently, their theory…well, guess they ain't so smart after all.\" \"Oh?\" Toaster couldn't tell if that was bad news or good news. \"What did he say?\" She posed the question to Ratso, but watched Kirby's face for his reaction. The lines under his eyes had grown deeper, making him look weary. \"…That it's impossible,\" Ratso announced. \"What?\" Kirby's expression didn't change. \"That's it?\" Toaster blinked down at Ratso. \"That's all he said?\" Ratso scratched his ear nervously. \"No, that ain't all he said. It's just that…whatever changed you was a once in a million accident. There's no way you could go from being appliances to being human in a split second, just like that.\" \"So? We knew that!\" \"And there's no way to reverse a once in a million accident either.\" Kirby's voice was almost too soft for her to catch. She leaned into him, putting a hand to his shoulder. \"You mean…\" \"There is no way to change back.\" Though he averted his gaze, she could see the glimmer of tears in his eyes. \"We're just stuck like this.\" Instinctively, she took his arm. Without looking at her, he pulled her close and buried his face in her hair. Toaster had the odd sensation as she rubbed his back that she was holding him up in more ways than one. No more bread. No more counters. No more Radio, or Lampy, or Ratso. Her own eyes began to fill. \"I'm real sorry, fellas,\" she heard Ratso apologize. \"It's not your fault,\" she replied, though her own words sounded too flat to be sincere. And yet, even as her heart bled, a small spark kindled; a tiny feeling that leaped with the great opportunity. \"No more decisions! No more waiting!\" It seemed to call, like a siren luring her to its depths. \"You can do what you want to! You can be what you want!\" The timer dinged, calling attention to a preheated oven. Robbie demanded to be let down from his highchair. Toaster felt Kirby rouse, and she met his eyes as he straightened up slowly. \"We'll be alright,\" she reassured him. He nodded wordlessly, rubbing her shoulder as he turned his attention to the stove. \"We'll be alright,\" she repeated to Ratso, finding more courage in the words the second time. \"Tell the others-Radio, Blanky, Lampy-tell them…we'll be alright.\" \"You sure, slot head?\" Ratso watched her closely. \"We'll be alright.\" She abruptly turned away from Ratso and went to help Kirby finish preparations. They worked silently together, as much in unison as indifferent. At some point, Kirby bent over the sink, one hand covering his eyes. On seeing him, Toaster too sank into a chair to sob her confusion away. By the time Rob and Chris returned, both former appliances had regained composure. They still hadn't found the strength to talk to each other; their conversation was limited to comments about dinner and making sure Robbie didn't wander from sight. But somehow in the flurry of planning of simmering rice and bubbling broccoli, Toaster found the comfort she needed. Kirby, too, as he pulled the salmon cakes from the oven and presented to her, shyly, the cherry pie he had prepped. \"Kitchen!\" Toaster replied to Rob's call, kissing Kirby's cheek as he bent to place the pie in the oven. \"Free at last, free at last!\" Rob sighed, flexing his right arm, as they entered the kitchen. \"Thank God Almighty!\" Chris chimed in, following behind. \"It looks as good as new!\" Toaster managed to sound cheerful as Rob demonstrated his mobility by hugging her with the arm. Chris snorted. \"It's anything but!\" \"I still have to have physical therapy,\" Rob explained, \"But, hey, any progress is good progress! I refuse to let anything get me down!\" \"I say a celebration is in order!\" Chris announced. She showered Robbie with kisses. \"Couples movie night after dinner!\" She winked at Toaster. \"Sound good?\" \"What's the movie?\" Rob looked pensive. \"Please don't say Citizen Kane. I don't think I could handle that one tonight.\" He pouted, drawing exaggerated attention to his arm. \"Oh, you big baby.\" Chris threw her arms around his neck. \"Trust me, I'll never choose Citizen Kane as long as I live! I got enough of that one in college!\" She placed a big kiss on Rob's cheek. \"How's Casablanca sound?\" Toaster couldn't help a chuckle as Rob dramatically cocked his head to one side and rubbed his chin. \"Hm, complicated romantic triangle in an exotic location during a world changing war?\" \"Complete with a young Belgian actress and street-wise Humphrey Bogart,\" Chris teased. \"I'm in.\" Rob looked over at Toaster and Kirby. \"What do you say? Join us?\" Kirby had been silent throughout the entire exchange. The tears had disappeared, but there was still a melancholy that surrounded him. Toaster took his hand, drawing his eyes to her. \"That sounds like a good idea,\" she said, softly, watching him. \"We could use a celebration.\" Kirby regarded her quietly for a minute. Then, at last, a smile crept over his face. Casablanca was a welcome distraction. Each couple sat watching, resting easily as the movie washed over them, plates stained with the remains of cherry pie ignored on the coffee table. Toaster sat on Kirby's lap, her legs dangling over the armchair they sat in, and her head resting against his shoulder; the same position she'd been in since the start of the movie. In an odd moment of playfulness, Kirby had seized her without a word as she walk part him. Startled, she had laughed, and tried to get free, but he had held her fast until she had relented. On the couch beside them, Rob and Chris cozied up to each other. Toaster shot them a glance now and then, pleased to see them so content, with Rob's free arm holding Chris as tightly as he could. \"Maybe not today. Maybe not tomorrow…\" Humphrey Bogart said in that deep voice of his. Toaster felt Kirby stroke her hair as Bogey cupped Ingrid Bergman's chin. \"And to think, that hunk was only cast as a gangster in his early films.\" Chris sighed. \"Just goes to show you that you can't take anyone for granted.\" Toaster smiled her sentiments against Kirby's neck. \"An American classic,\" Rob announced to no one in particular as the credits rolled. \"Love, loss, and what Ingrid Bergman wore!\" \"Don't be so cynical.\" Chris playfully swatted his leg. \"You love it, and you know it!\" \"Well, I love something in common with it.\" Rob grinned and pushed his glasses further up the bridge of his nose. \"What did you guys think?\" \"I liked it,\" Toaster announced, as Kirby grunted his own approval. They'd see it before, during Rob's college days, but somehow it carried a new weight for Toaster. Was it just the romance? Or was the acceptance of things past that couldn't be changed? \"I just don't understand why she had to choose between them,\" Toaster stated. \"If she loved both of them, why couldn't they all stay together?\" She regarded the uncertain looks Chris and Rob sent her way. \"If you love someone, you should do everything you can to keep them. Shouldn't you?\" \"It's, um…\" Rob shifted on the couch as he searched for the right words. \"It's sort of more complicated than that…\" \"I don't see why she wanted either,\" Kirby grumbled. \"That Rick fellow was just a sourpuss, and I'm pretty sure Laszlo was up to something.\" \"Sure he was!\" Toaster tilted her head back to look at him. \"He was trying to stop a war!\" \"Yeah, but what wasn't he telling her?\" Kirby questioned. He shook his head. \"No one is ever that perfect unless they have something to hide!\" \"Oh, that's just like a man.\" Chris rolled her eyes. \"Why on earth do you have to think the worse of other guys if they act like decent people?\" \"Well, to be fair, it was World War II,\" Rob explained. He grinned nervously as Chris shot him a look. \"You don't spend that much time in hiding and have nothing worth hiding.\" \"War plans, yeah. But love is different.\" \"It couldn't have been that different.\" Kirby seemed to be mulling it over. Toaster took the opportunity to slip off his lap. \"She lied to him. He lied to her. It seems to me every blasted character in there spent the entire movie lying.\" \"Wow.\" Rob appeared to take that in. \"You know, I never saw it that way before.\" \"But, they all just wanted what was best for each other.\" Toaster just couldn't let the fight go. \"She just wanted to keep both of them safe, and they just wanted her to be happy. Doesn't that mean something?\" \"What? That they couldn't trust each other?\" Kirby blinked at her, his confusion evident. \"Are you telling me that's all love is? Making everything worse by trying to make it all better?\" \"I get your point, John, but I think you're missing the overall picture.\" Chris tapped the remote as the video screen turned flashed snow. \"Obviously, love is complicated in any situation, no matter who you are. At least, that's what our sophomore lit teacher told us.\" \"But couldn't they have all worked it out? Eventually?\" Toaster asked. \"Maybe…but I don't think they would all have been very happy together,\" Rob added. \"Three's sort of a crowd. Especially in relationships.\" \"And speaking of thirds,\" Chris announced, as Robbie called out from upstairs. \"I'll check on him,\" Kirby offered, rising. Toaster hugged her knees to her chest, considering the tape as Chris put it away. \"If someone'll get those pie plates.\" \"I'll take them,\" Toaster offered as Rob started to his feet. \"Don't have to tell me twice!\" he replied, stretching his arms over his head as he leaned back into the couch. \"I vote that tomorrow we watch something less complicated,\" Chris said, following Toaster into the kitchen. \"How about Witches of Eastwick? It has a love triangle I bet you'd like.\" Toaster smiled and returned the hip bump Chris gave her. \"This has been a good night. Rob and I haven't watched a good classic since…\" She trailed off, turning on the water to wash the plates. \"I guess it's been awhile,\" she added with a wry laugh. \"Casablanca is a good film,\" Toaster agreed. She took a towel from the drawer and dried the dishes Chris handed her. \"I just don't understand why love has to be so complicated.\" \"Sweet mystery of life. You have to choose between people sometimes.\" \"Did you ever have to choose?\" Toaster asked, looking towards the junk drawer. \"You mean between someone else and Rob? Thank goodness, no! It was always Rob, right from the moment he dropped lemon sherbet down his shirt in tenth grade.\" Chris shook her head, as some fond memory played out in her head. \"You should have seen the way his ears turned red when I got those paper towels and tried to clean him off.\" Toaster found it easy to picture the red-head in that scenario. \"I never actually thought we'd end up together.\" Chris sobered, pausing to look down at the suds running down the drain. \"Much less get stuck in the situation we've had.\" \"Didn't it feel right when you made love? Chris shot her a wry grin. \"Not everyone works as fast you and John. I knew Rob for three years before he even tried to kiss me.\" \"Oh.\" \"Don't get me wrong, it was worth the wait,\" Chris continued, rinsing out the popcorn bowl before handing it to her. \"But Rob always takes his time.\" \"How did you know it was right, then?\" Toaster held a glass up to the light, watching her reflection distort. \"How did you know you loved Rob, honestly and truly, instead of someone else?\" \"I didn't. Not until I got to know him. We had to, you know, cultivate the relationship.\" \"Cultivate,\" Toaster mused, setting the glass to one side. \"Like growing a plant.\" \"Yeah, that's right.\" Chris shut off the water and picked up a hand towel to dry her hands. \"Some things just can't be rushed. I mean, the first time Rob and I made love, we almost…\" Chris trailed off, and suddenly stared down at the dishtowel in her hands. Alarmed, Toaster put a hand on her shoulder. \"Is something wrong?\" she asked. Chris was shaking. \"Sorry, I just…remembered something. Um…\" She hung the towel back up, missing the hook three times before she got it to stick. \"Thea, I have to run upstairs. There's something I need to…calculate…\" She was out of the kitchen before Toaster could blink. Kirby was lying back on their bed when she returned to the room, pensively staring up at the ceiling. He lay there without a word as she changed her clothes and brushed her hair. \"Kirby?\" she finally asked when she had finished counting. \"Are you okay? Are you still upset about earlier?\" she ventured, holding her breath. \"What?\" He finally stirred from his thoughts. \"You mean Ratso's news? No.\" He shook his head. \"I-I wasn't thinking about that.\" \"Oh.\" That was a surprise to her. \"Well, didn't you like the movie?\" Kirby wouldn't meet her eyes. \"Of course, I liked the movie,\" he grumbled. \"It's no Phantom of the Opera, but its fine.\" Toaster couldn't help grinning, remembering how he had often belted out \"Past the Point of No Return\" as a vaccuum. She climbed up on the bed beside him. \"Then, what are you thinking about?\" \"Well…\" He fidgeted. \"What would you say if we didn't watch a movie with Chris and Rob next Saturday?\" \"Huh? Why not? You don't want to see the Witches of Eastwick?\" \"It's not the movie.\" He wasn't exactly stuttering. \"Tonight was…pleasant… but I've been thinking…maybe we haven't been taking this seriously enough.\" \"What do you mean?\" Kirby's brows knit together. \"Maybe…maybe we've been going about this human thing the wrong way. We've been acting like fools, doing things because we assumed we wouldn't be able to do them ever again. And now that…we can't…Well, maybe we should try it differently.\" Toaster cuddled against his inviting arm. \"Like what?\" \"Spend some more time together, of course.\" \"But we have been spending more time together,\" Toaster reminded him fondly, as he ran a hand over her knee. \"So we do something different. Like…Like Rick and Ilsa spending time together. Do something to cultivate the relationship.\" \"Cultivate?\" Toaster repeated, raising her head to look at him. \"That's what Chris said…Hey, were you eavesdropping?\" His flush was answer enough. \"Look, do you want to spend time with me or not?\" \"Of course, I do!\" Toaster kissed his cheek. \"What should we do?\" He blinked at her, suddenly baffled. \"Why I—I don't know,\" he exclaimed. \"I hadn't thought that far. Maybe Rob has some ideas…\" His brows crinkled. \"Do you have any ideas?\" \"Nope.\" A spirit of mischief tickled her, and she grinned at him. \"None at all. So, how about you make the plans, and tell me how the adventure will go?\" The wrinkles under his eyes deepened for a moment, then softened. \"Alright. I'll ask Rob tomorrow. Just be prepared for…for anything.\" \"Agreed!\" Toaster kissed him, finding herself wrapped up in his arms as they commenced with their night. Kirby clutched the paper ticket in his hand, staring nervously from it to the crowd stretched before him. Rob had not only offered suggestions, he'd helped Kirby make the plans. Dinner at a local restaurant and a walk in the town's park, where an orchestra often played on the weekends. It sounded pleasant enough. But Kirby kept trying to get inside the Toaster's head. Would she enjoy it? Kirby had nearly forgotten, just as he did time after time, that Toaster spent little time outside in the world. She'd been ordered especially for the cabin, arriving directly from the factory. Their journey to find the master had been the first time she'd ever been out into the world, and they'd been so focused on their destination they hadn't spent time enjoying the world around them. Now, as they sat on the bus, Kirby found his own excitement aroused by her enthusiasm. Every sign, every stop, every face was a complete wonder for her, and she drank it all. In fact, he spent most of the bus ride watching her, marveling at the pretty sight she made in her fresh peach sleeveless dress with a lacy hem, with a magenta cardigan that matched the blush in her cheeks. Her legs were even smooth, something which baffled him. \"Chris taught me how to shave them,\" Toaster told him, twirling in her dress. \"And I only nicked myself twice with the razor!\" He had even tried something new himself that afternoon. He wasn't even sure when the idea had occurred to him, or how the idea occurred to him. But a simple query to Rob that morning had not only given him the answer he needed, but the tools as well. \"Kirby!\" Toaster had exclaimed when he emerged from the bathroom. \"You shaved your mustache!\" Kirby couldn't quite meet her eyes as he brushed a hand over his smooth upper lip. \"Of course, I did. What…what do you think?\" Having her pressed close against, holding his shoulder for support as she stood on her tiptoes nearly undid him. \"I…I like it!\" A perfect start to their venture, he thought. The sight of the restaurant, when they finally reached it, unnerved him with its finery. The hustle and bustle inside didn't help much either. A tingling down his spine recalled that old appliance code, and only a firm reminder that he was part of the human world now kept him from retreating. Toaster clinging to his arm and excitedly pointing out the décor comforted him as well. Their number was soon called, and they were seated at one of the middle tables. \"Look at all this!\" Toaster exclaimed, reading through the menu and pointing at various meals and their names. \"What's Confit de canard?\" \"Preserved duck,\" Kirby responded, quickly recalling the French cookbook Chris had given him. \"Why don't they just call it preserved duck?\" \"Got me. Nothing humans do makes sense.\" He followed the menu at a more leisurely pace, considering each and every offering with calculating care. \"Have you decided?\" The waiter was classy and unmoving, even when Toaster smiled at him. \"Hmm, almost.\" Kirby pointed to the salmon on the back of the menu. \"Do you cook this with olive oil or vegetable oil?\" The waiter blinked at him. \"Vegetable oil…I believe, sir.\" Kirby snorted. \"Thought so.\" Cooking with vegetable oil. Idiots. He flipped the menu over and ordered a salad. \"And madam?\" Kirby had to nudge Toaster from under the table. \"Hm? Me? Oh!\" She opened the menu and quickly looked it over again. \"Um…the alfredo pasta with garlic toast please.\" She suddenly hesitated before looking up at the waiter. \"Umm, how is your toaster doing?\" \"Beg pardon?\" The waiter stopped writing to blink down at her. \"Has it had a long day? I don't want to overwork it if it's been making toast for everyone all day long.\" The waiter stared at her before glancing over at Kirby. Kirby returned the look with a stony gaze. It was a perfectly rational question in his opinion. \"Um…I think it's fine. Although, we actually use an oven for the garlic bread, since we make so much of it…\" \"Oh! Well, that's very considerate of you!\" Toaster turned her beaming face to Kirby. \"You know, I've often wondered how toasters in restaurants were treated. I'm glad this one treats its appliances so well!\" \"Toasters, maybe,\" Kirby responded dryly. \"But I feel sorry for the vacuum that has to deal with this mess.\" He nodded toward a table in the corner where a two-year-old was dumping soup on the floor. The waiter's eye twitched as he finished writing the order. \"I'll be back,\" he mumbled, darting back to the kitchen, where he could safely gossip with the sous chef about yet another set of weirdos. Blissfully unaware, Toaster and Kirby continued enjoying themselves. The atmosphere was new and odd, but together it worked for them. The meal, when it arrived, only acted as a change of pace, but they enjoyed every bit of it, except… \"Well, a toaster would have evenly toasted the garlic bread.\" From there they walked to the park, following the directions Rob had marked down on a note pad for Kirby. Toaster was squealing with excitement the entire way. \"Look at that!\" Toaster pointed to a small group of bike riders coasting along the street. \"What about them?\" Kirby suspiciously regarded the two wheels. \"I think I want to try that sometime,\" Toaster said, hugging him all the tighter. Now Kirby looked at the bikes and their riders with great disdain. He made pains to move Toaster out of their way, coloring only slightly when she laughed and exclaimed, \"Kirby, I won't get hurt.\" \"Considering the way you cook, I'm not so sure.\" He cocked a grin as she poked his arm. The middle of the park boasted of a wide pavilion with a well-kept hedge circling around a courtyard. Vendors set up their tables and booths nearby, with signs that advertised hot dogs, bagels, and other treats. Kirby paused when he spotted a booth selling ice cream. \"Now that's something I've always wanted to try,\" he said. \"Really?\" \"Well, don't sound so surprised,\" Kirby grumbled. \"I may not have dreamt about being human, but I've done my share of wondering.\" \"Well, what are we waiting for?\" A line of four people had formed by the time they reached the vendor, so Toaster agreed to stay at a nearby bench while Kirby waited his turn. He watched out of the corner of his eye, marveling at how at ease she appeared. She was shorter than most of the women there, he realized, offhandedly comparing her and the women that passed by. He knew she was squatter than most of them, too. But even as he noted the differences, he couldn't help the flashes of being with her in bed, the way her body molded to his. She was like no others, he decided, pride stirring inside him. He glanced away as his turn came to pay. A long list of flavors was tacked down on the glass counter, though a quick look told him there was no cherry. Never mind. He kept it simple and ordered the first flavor on the list. No need to be adventurous here. When he turned around again, clear plastic bowls of vanilla held firmly in both hands, he found a man with long earrings leaning over Toaster. Alarm went off inside of him, for some reason he didn't understand, especially when something the man said made Toaster gasp and immediately begin patting down her clothes. Ignoring the people who suddenly swarmed in his direction, he stormed back towards them. \"Here,\" he announced, shoving a bowl at her. \"They didn't have any cherry.\" He kept his gaze fixed on the man, who paled suddenly under the silent threat and slowly backed off. \"Thank you!\" Toaster forgot her panic and spooned a mouthful of ice cream. \"Oh, yum!\" \"Yeah, okay. Bye.\" Without further explanation, the man bolted off as fast as he could go. \"What did he want?\" Kirby asked, suspiciously watching him until he disappeared from sight \"I'm not really sure.\" Toaster took another spoonful of ice cream. \"Something about a fire, I think.\" \"What fire?\" \"He didn't say. He told me I was smoking, so I just assumed I had caught on fire. Just a misunderstanding, I think.\" She took another taste. \"Kirby, this is wonderful! You have to try some!\" \"Hm.\" Kirby took her arm and led her to the grass, putting as much distance between her and any other bold strangers. The pavilion moved restlessly as couples and groups passed by. Kirby languidly observed couples and families playing, talking, and laughing. He only looked, however, wherever Toaster pointed. He couldn't seem to look at anything other than her. And that suited him just fine. A band finished setting up as they tossed away their bowls and spoons, and were already drawing quite a crowd of onlookers. Kirby was ready to duck out completely as people pressed him from all sides. Toaster, however, resisted his tugs. \"Kirby, look at the violin! What do you think they're going to play?\" \"Nothing good,\" he remarked, noting an electric guitar. \"Let's go.\" \"Wait just a minute, please?\" Toaster begged. He gave in, but put both hands firmly on her shoulders to keep from losing her in the crowd. A lead player tapped out a key. Immediately, music stirred through the courtyard. A lead singer swayed at the microphone as the beat began. \"Close your eyes. Give me your hand, darling Do you feel your heart beating? Do you understand? Do you feel the same? The tune stirred his memory, and he closed his eyes. Perhaps it was something the radio had played once, though he couldn't recall anything as pleasant. \"Say my name Sun shines in the rain A whole life so lonely Then you come and ease the pain…\" And it fit, he realized feeling Toaster pull his arms around her shoulders. He bent to bury his face in her hair. \"I don't want to lose this feeling…\" \"Oh, look at them!\" He followed her finger toward the middle of the pavilion. Several couples of all ages had begun dancing to the music. \"Doesn't that look like fun?\" Toaster mused. \"I've always wondered what dancing like that would be like.\" Kirby fixed his gaze on one young couple, near Rob and Chris' age, who practically melded together as danced. Then, stirred by something odd, he put his arm around Toaster's waist and led her into the ring. Satisfied by the questioning look on her face, he took her hand in his, mimicking the young couple, and drew her in tightly. By the time the glee registered on her face, he was already attempting to lead her in the same sort of dance. \"Close your eyes Give me your hand, darling…\" They managed, to a degree. They were both left-footed and awkward; Kirby himself was suddenly aware of how much he could hurt her if he stepped on her feet. But then she laid her head against his chest, and all he became aware of was wonderful it felt to hold her. \"Is this only burning an eternal flame?\" Lamps lit up the pavilion as darkness rolled in. The bands played on, switching up covers as the crowds changed. Kirby and Toaster were finished dancing when that initial song ended, however. Night found them lounging on the grass underneath the loveliest elm in the park, looking up at the branches waving in the breeze. They talked about everything they could at first; human sensations, memories of the cabin. Toaster described the hospital to him, attempting the voices of the doctor and the nurses in a way that would have had Radio chuckling. Kirby berated himself for not asking about her first few moments as human. But then, never mind. He took some comfort in the sympathy in her voice. \"I would have been there if I had known,\" he said when she had finished. He watched as her hand reached up to catch one of the browning leaves falling. \"I know. And I would have been there for you, too.\" \"Nothing we can do about now,\" he said, closing his eyes and breathing in the air. \"Kirby, do you suppose…?\" He opened one eye to look at her. She gazed up at the sky, where stars were now dotting the dark blue against the street lamps. \"Do I suppose what?\" \"Well, do you think this happened by chance? That it was all just some strange coincidence? Or, do you think this was meant to happen?\" Kirby harrumphed. \"You know I don't believe in fate.\" \"Then, coincidence?\" She blinked her curious eyes at him. Kirby stared back, mesmerized. \"You know, I've never seen you before.\" \"Huh?\" She wrinkled her nose. \"I mean I've never seen you as you. You've been Toaster, sure. But whenever I looked at you before the accident, I always saw myself.\" \"Oh, that.\" Toaster chuckled. \"Everyone sees their reflection in me. It's okay. I'm used to it.\" \"But I don't see my reflection now.\" Kirby turned on his side and ran a hand along her waist. \"I see you.\" \"But I'm just like I always was.\" \"Yes, you are.\" \"Then, I don't understand. How does not seeing your reflection in me answer whether this was fate or coincidence?\" Kirby knew he couldn't make her understand. This beautiful woman had once been a being so eager, hopeful, and bold that any appliance looking at her would see their own insecurities washed away. How could he explain that when he had seen himself in her it wasn't grumpy, bossy Kirby he had seen, but the Kirby who could face storms and leap waterfalls for others? How could he explain the terror he'd found when he realized, at last, seeing her human, that all that he thought of himself had been in his imagination, and everything she made him feel was simply everything he wanted to be for her? \"It doesn't matter,\" he heard himself saying, instead. \"It was just something I was thinking of. Fate or coincidence?\" He shrugged. \"I don't believe the 'why here' question matters anymore. We…we can't really control what happens now.\" \"You don't sound upset about that.\" \"I'm not.\" And surprisingly, as he traced her smile with a finger, he found himself at peace. \"Not anymore. We just need to do what we can to accept everything.\" \"You mean, have more experiences?\" Kirby scoffed, feigning hurt pride. \"Are you saying tonight is just another experience for you?\" \"Kirby, I can gladly announce that tonight has been the best experience yet. And we'll get through this. I know we will.\" Instead of answering, Kirby gently pulled her into his lap for another kiss. It was almost midnight when they returned to the house. Rob had offered to leave the backdoor unlocked, but Chris had vetoed by giving them her house key. \"It'll save all of us some time.\" Kirby put a finger to his mouth to caution Toaster as he unlocked and opened the door, prepared to tiptoe up the stairs to avoid waking the McGroartys. It was a surprise when he turned on the light, and found Chris and Rob entangled together on the couch. The two jolted apart at Toaster's gasp. \"Oh, sorry!\" Toaster exclaimed. \"We thought we would wake you.\" \"No, no, we haven't gone to bed yet.\" Rob straightened his pants in a manner that didn't hide the zipper's slide. \"We just finished the movie, actually…\" \"…An hour ago,\" Chris remarked with a guilty laugh as she glanced at the clock. \"An hour ago. Right.\" Rob tried to fix his glasses. \"Enjoy your date?\" \"It was wonderful!\" Toaster broke into ecstatic's and would have plunked down on the sofa with them if Kirby had not held her arm and tugged her into the armchair with him. As much as he enjoyed her rendition of their evening, he found himself studying the faces of both humans, noting their poorly hidden excitement. \"Everything alright here?\" he finally asked, as Toaster paused for a breath. Both Chris and Rob took a breath and shared a look, though Kirby could swear it wasn't embarrassment that held their tongues. \"Why not?\" Chris said, answering whatever silent question they shared. \"They should know why I've been so out of sorts lately. I'm pregnant,\" she announced, turning to them before they could question her further. \"I got the call back from my doctor this afternoon. About six weeks along.\" \"Pregnant?\" Kirby mouthed the word, but Toaster voiced it. \"You mean, another little master?\" \"Or a little girl.\" Chris in her joy completely overlooked Toaster's slip. \"Hopefully, a little girl.\" \"So we can have one of each,\" Rob chimed in, clasping his wife. \"And then, that's enough!\" \"Says you,\" Rob muttered under his breath with a grin. He caught Chris' wrist as she playfully swatted at him and kissed her hand. \"Well, don't you think that's great?\" Chris asked the two. \"I think that's wonderful!\" Toaster leaped from Kirby's arms before he could hold her back and rushed over to embrace Chris. \"Another little human! Robbie will be so excited!\" \"I'm excited.\" Chris returned the hug fiercely. \"I've been feeling so awful all this time, ever since our trip to the lake! Now, I know why.\" She smoothed the ringlets over Toaster's eyes. \"I've never been so happy.\" \"And now, it's late. So maybe we better get some sleep before you know who wakes up?\" Kirby rose from the armchair to put his arms around Toaster, ready to follow Rob's suggestion. She lingered, though, as Chris and Rob left the room, arms clasped around each other. \"Congratulations,\" he heard her whisper. \"Thanks.\" The couple's chuckles and whispers followed after them as they disappeared. \"Another masterling. Isn't it wonderful?\" Kirby let Toaster's question go unanswered as he shifted her hair over her shoulder and pressed his lips to her neck. \"Mmm,\" he murmured, intent on his work. \"I was afraid they'd never stop fighting. Chris said…I'm happy they'll be alright.\" \"Humans work it out.\" Kirby couldn't stop himself. \"They always do.\" In the low lamp light of the living room, she was slowly conceding to him. She turned her face up to him. \"Kirby,\" she pleaded when he deftly avoided her mouth. \"Please.\" \"Ask me.\" \"But, you know what I want.\" Her eyes were warm and begging. \"I want to hear you say it.\" \"Bow chicka wow wow.\" A familiar voice interrupted from the dark kitchen. \"Why don't you two get a room?\" \"Why don't you just shut it!\" Kirby shot back, as Toaster snickered. The spell was broken, to Kirby's disgust. Toaster knew better, however. Ignoring Ratso's cat calls, she slipped out of Kirby's relaxed grasp and smiled sweetly at him, taking his hand to guide him to the stairs. Kirby immediately forgot Ratso's interruption and followed her. \"Good night, Ratso,\" she said, as Kirby hurried her to the guest room.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: There's No Time for a Fuss or a Fight Toaster emerged from sleep at the touch that traced the curve from her neck to her breastbone. \"Hm?\" she asked, still foggy as Kirby's lips kissed the hollow of her throat. \"It's morning. I have to shower,\" she heard him say. \"Mm. Okay.\" Sleep was still too heavy on her, though it relented to the hand cupping her breast. \"Kirby,\" she moaned, trying to turn her back to him. \"You're worse than radio!\" \"Don't compare me to that loudmouth.\" The words lacked their bite as Kirby placed a kiss on the thigh she unintentionally presented him. \"Then let me sleep!\" she begged, even as her senses flared with his touch. Kirby's low laugh and caress on her bottom insisted that he would do nothing of the sort. He grasped her shoulder to turn her over and sat her up, against her grumpy pleas. \"I want you awake when I come back.\" He cut off her why with a firm kiss on her mouth. \"It's not time to get up!\" Her internal clock knew better, even with the faint darkness. \"Yes, it is.\" Toaster flared at the brisk pat to her head, and cocked open one eye to watch him move around the room. He picked up and shook out the clothes they'd left strewn in a path from the door. He hung up her dress and cardigan, while laying his own slacks and shirt over the armchair. \"Rob will be expecting you in the clinic,\" Kirby said. \"No, he won't. It's Sunday.\" Toaster raised an eyebrow. \"You knew that!\" Kirby's grin was at least sheepish. \"Kirby!\" she groaned. \"You're trying to get me up too early!\" \"I would never.\" Toaster hurled a pillow at him, laughing despite herself as Kirby ducked into the bathroom. They had the morning to themselves again. She wanted to learn more about cooking, and Kirby had promised Belgian waffles. While she was thinking about it, she reached for the little container Kris had given her and swallowed one of the tiny pills. She tried to roll over and go back to sleep, defiant, only to find her dreams sleepless and filled with him. Exasperated, she set about straightening the covers and retrieving the pillow from the floor instead. A folded paper fluttered out at her feet. \"Hm? Kirby, did you drop this?\" The shower was already on. She doubted he heard her. Toaster shrugged and bent to pick up the note. Her fingers recoiled as she read the words scrawled on the front: The Toaster and the Vacuum. As though a ghost had touched icy hands to her back, Toaster caught her breath and stared hard at the note. When she did finally pick it up and unfold it, her hands were shaking and her heart thundering a terrible beat. Written in long, shaky letters, the note read, \"Wittgenstein contacted early morning. Studied test results again. Says reverse still possible. Tell Ratso to call when ready to change.\" When ready to change. When ready to change. A strange daze fell over Toaster; a sudden longing and connection to a past that seemed ethereal as the days had gone on. Memories of kitchen countertops, electric surges, watching from high places, sped across her soul. Then Kirby's deep voice rang out above the running water. As Toaster listened, she could make out the words to \"An Eternal Flame\". Her eyes closed, and memories of the evening played before her. When they had finished rushing by, memories of sound and touch affected her; Kirby's touch. A strange new part of her stirred with uneasiness. She folded the note several times until it was a tiny cube in her hand, then she stuffed it into her cardigan pocket. When Kirby finally emerged, warmed and energized from his shower, he found the toaster lounging on the pillows, waiting for him with an expectant smile. He had no idea how her heart stung her with the little lie she had hidden away. For the rest of the day, Toaster avoided Ratso and any other appliance at all costs. She was almost afraid that Kirby would sense her guilt. She worried each time Kirby went into the kitchen that Ratso would jump at the opportunity to share the good news. But with Chris and Rob fiddling around in the house, and Robbie demanding Kirby's attention every minute, Ratso never had a chance. Perhaps elated by their first real attempt to cultivate their relationship, the vacuum noticed nothing strange about her at all. About 4:00pm came a new distraction: she got her first chance to ride a bicycle. Chris, on hearing her describe the park, had instantly dragged her out to the shed to find the old bicycles she and Rob once used. \"I've haven't been out for a ride since Rob was born,\" she explained, wiping the dust from the weather worn seat of the green roadster. \"It's gets uncomfortable after a time. I might as well take the chance while I have it!\" Toaster could hardly contain herself while she and Chris cleaned the bikes and aired the tires. As soon as Kris declared them ready, she threw her leg over the bike and jumped up on the seat. And immediately tipped over. The elation of riding had to be postponed while Kris taught her balance and controlling the handlebars. For the next hour, she wobbled in the seat, practicing controlling the handlebars while pumping her legs at the same time. Most of the practice was further postponed as they taped bandages to her knees and elbows. Toaster was anything if not determined, and by the time Kirby came outside with Robbie, she was gliding along with Chris to the end of the street and back. \"See? I did it!\" she yelled at him as she rode circles around him in the driveway. \"Watch yourself,\" Kirby shot back, as Robbie waved at her. His concern seemed to be more for her than himself, however, as he proceeded to snap other directions at her when she broke for the street again: \"Stay on one side of the road!\" \"Watch out for that car!\" \"Ease up on that turn! You nearly crashed!\" \"John, relax!\" Chris finally told him, making her way up the driveway once more. \"Thea's got this! And she picked it up quick.\" \"She's always been a fast learner,\" Kirby agreed, grudgingly. Toaster, already flushed from her efforts and the thrill, blushed still further at his praise. \"Kirby, you have to try this! It's like flying!\" \"No thanks,\" Kirby replied, firmly. \"I wasn't made for flying. Cars are good enough for me.\" \"Well, we'll just have to get you a driver's license, then,\" Chris teased. Kirby's eyebrows rose, as if the thought, albeit new, was not altogether unpleasant. \"Here, take this, would you?\" Chris held out her bike for him. \"Thea will show you where to put it. I'll take Robbie in.\" Kirby traded her the toddler for the bike, and Toaster led him to the shed. \"So, was it what you expected?\" Kirby asked, as she trotted beside him. \"A lot more work than I thought,\" Toaster admitted, wincing as the band-aids caught at her skin. \"But the most wonderful thing I've tried.\" \"The most wonderful?\" \"Next to sex, obviously!\" Toaster fluttered her eyes up at him as they paused by the shed door, pleased when he roared back his head in laughter. They took some time to situate the bikes inside; the shed was barely large enough to fit Kirby. \"I think I'll get my own bike the next time we go into town,\" Toaster remarked, carelessly as she leaped out into the open again. \"What do you think? Can our next date be a bike-buying event?\" She glanced back to find him still standing in the shed, head bent to avoid knocking it against the ceiling. \"Kirby?\" She peered around him to see what he was staring at, and sucked in a breath. There, among the old lawnmower and rusty cans, lay his old vacuum form. \"Oh.\" She shivered, knowing exactly how he felt. \"I…is that…was that…really what I looked like?\" Kirby's voice shook. When ready to change . Toaster didn't look around. She didn't want to. A strange ghost prickled her skin as she sensed that her own toaster form was somewhere in the junk as well. She tugged at Kirby's arm. \"Come on,\" she urged him, wishing she had the strength to move him. Her touch roused him, and he turned away, albeit slowly to walk out of the shed. Toaster quickly closed the door and bolted it, heart thundering as she tried to close up the memory. Kirby walked back to the house as though in a dream. \"You know, this didn't seem entirely real until I saw…it,\" he said. \"We really are…I guess…I guess I'll never be…it…again.\" His arm held her tighter. Toaster's heart twisted, thinking of the note. She didn't say a word. Monday brought some relief, as Chris announced at breakfast that she was skipping work to take Kirby into town. \"We seriously need to restock this kitchen, and I can't think of anyone who is better suited for grocery shopping!\" Kirby protested only mildly-who would look after Robbie…? \"We'll take him with us!\" Chris insisted. \"It'll be his first ride in our new van! And I can drop you guys off at the park on our way back! We'll just pack up the stroller! \" She sounded sincere enough, but Toaster caught a tone of something eager in her tone. Rob seemed to be in on the secret, too, judging from the wink he gave her. Whatever it was, Toaster quickly added her own consent to the plan. Anything to keep him away from Ratso, who spent all of breakfast making gestures towards the junk drawer and the computer. Kirby didn't notice at all, but Toaster's heart plummeted with every pleading look Ratso sent her way. What is wrong with you? She berated herself at every turn in the clinic. Don't you want things to go back to normal? Don't you miss being a Toaster? It's nearly September; you've been human for nearly two months? But it was just enough to adjust to being human. The sensation of clothes no longer bothered her, nor brushing her hair, or washing her face. It was so natural. And Kirby…wonderful, loving Kirby with his gentle, eager touch and his nightly affection. How could she give all of that up now? How could anyone ask her to? You're a toaster. No. I'm so much more now… Rob had to snap his fingers before her eyes to get her full attention. \"I've never seen you distracted,\" he said. \"Sorry.\" \"No, no! You're fine! I just have something for you.\" He was near to bursting with whatever secret he had. \"Okay, what's up?\" she said, glad to grin as she watched him. Rob didn't answer. Instead, heading for his desk, he produced a folder with a flourish from by his computer. \"This,\" he claimed, holding it out. Toaster accepted it, looking it over curiously. Inside were application forms and instructions for a local college…a program… \"For a veterinary certificate?\" she gasped, catching the key words. \"Well, veterinary assistant.\" Rob was nearly breathless as he rushed to explain. \"The program is nine months, if you take at least two classes per term. But you'd be able to work with me here, full time. And maybe, you'd be ready for a full certificate in time.\" Toaster could hardly breathe. \"This…this is wonderful!\" Me? A veterinarian? Looking after animals? \"So, you're interested?\" \"Yes!\" She flung her arms around his neck, scattering the folder everywhere. Rob chatted on about times and dates for setting up, getting her the right forms, taking her to visit the campus and the administrators. She helped him gather up the forms again, head in the clouds. A real veterinarian. Dr. Thea Masters… Your name is Toaster. And the panic was back. The terrible note which should have been the end to their trouble. Toaster's excitement deflated. She swallowed back a thick lump. \"Something wrong?\" Rob asked, catching her despair. Toaster shook her head. \"It's just…I don't know if I can.\" Rob's eyebrows rose. \"What? Of course, you can! You're a natural at this!\" His hand swept across the clinic. \"You've been the best assistant I've ever had! And I know you love doing it.\" Toaster tried not to wince as he studied her. \"Is it the money? Chris and I already talked about helping you with that. And the school offers excellent loan programs. It'll be worth it, I swear!\" \"No, it's not that.\" Toaster's voice caught. \"I just…I don't know…\" \"Think it over. Please, Thea?\" Rob squeezed her hand. \"You owe it yourself not to pass up this opportunity. Talk it over with John. I'll bet he won't let you turn it down!\" Toaster wasn't so sure about that. Kirby's fingers tapped the diner table, keeping up a steady beat. His other hand held the self-business questionnaire before his eyes, reading everything through again. 1. What is the name of your company? 2. Will you do the cleaning yourself, or will you hire others? 3. Will you apply for a business license? \"Business license,\" he murmured, looking across the table at Chris. The woman could barely contain her excitement. \"The lady at the class said the process is relatively painless. She gave me the IRS website so we can check the rules to see what you need to get started.\" \"Get started,\" Kirby echoed, too stunned. He wiped ketchup from Robbie's chin before looking at the questionnaire again, finding himself too flustered to focus on any given word. \"You want me to start my own cleaning business?\" \"Well, why not?\" Chris leaned across the table. \"Look what you've done for me! For my house! I've never been able to get everything so clean and neat since I moved here! And I know plenty of people who would want your expertise!\" She tapped the rim of her coffee cup. \"There's the Johnsons down the street…the apartment complex over on Lee BLVD: they haven't been able to keep a cleaning service since they started…\" \"But…but…I don't know anything about keeping a business,\" Kirby protested. He was starting to wish Toaster had come. She'd encourage him, or talk him out of it. \"That's what I'm here for!\" Chris' smile had never been so large in her life. \"I know you don't care much about the money, but this would help you and Thea, and would be a life saver for me, too! Between Robbie and another baby, I'm going to be needed at home full-time! I'll keep your accounts for you and advertise! We'll be partners in this!\" \"But, what about Robbie?\" Deep regret cut through the excitement Kirby began to feel. \"I won't be able to take him to the park anymore.\" \"Of course, you could!\" Chris laughed. \"I mean, I can't believe he doesn't wear you out, but that could be the other part of the business: park sitting!\" \"Park sitting?\" Kirby raised an eyebrow. \"Lots of mothers need sitters who can take care of their kids after school. What if we offered services to pick kids up and take them by the park?\" Chris took a sip of her coffee. \"You could clean houses in the mornings and then pick up the kids?\" \"And I'd still spend time with Robbie,\" Kirby said, satisfied by the idea. He paid little attention to Chris' amused laughter as he mulled over the ideas. As much amused by her enthusiasm as his own piqued curiosity, Kirby followed her through searching websites to compare costs and supplies, considering techniques and drawing up his list of services (and quite a list it was, too). By the time they were ready to leave the diner, they had everything drawn up and ready. Almost. \"Of course, you should think about it,\" Chris generously told him, as he hesitated. She expertly dressed her squirming son in his windbreaker and cap. \"This isn't the sort of thing you should rush into. Not if you have other plans…\" Other plans? Kirby thought of the junk drawer as he climbed into the van Robbie. It wasn't as if there was anything else they could do for him or Toaster. But still… \"Think it over. Hey, you might even talk it out with your park friends. I'll bet they could drum up some business for you!\" The ladies were more than ecstatic. \"A cleaning service! That's perfect!\" Colette's eyes shone with the idea. \"I have neighbors who would love to have you clean their houses!\" \" I would love to have you clean my house ,\" Judy insisted. \"How much will you charge?\" Kirby rattled off the list Kris had set up. It wasn't much to begin, but it would grow. \"Where will you set up business?\" Mary asked. \"Set up?\" Kirby wracked his mind. Kris had mentioned phone calls and schedules, but there really wasn't a base of operations. There wasn't much space in the McGroarty house, but perhaps he could borrow the study… \"Do you have place for people to drop off kids?\" Colette looked wistfully at the twins, kicking up sand at each other. \"I know I'd love someone who could take Cole to school in the mornings. The bus is a nightmare.\" That set off the other two laughing and gossiping; agreeing at the same time. Kirby darted to the jungle gym at Robbie's wave and helped him cross the monkey bars. That gave him time to think. They were right; the McGroartys' house was already too crowded. What was he thinking? He dusted his hands off as Robbie reached the other side and watched him run for the slide. Move out of Rob's house? Move away from everything and everyone he knew? \"But why stay?\" A voice inside his head began to ask. \"You heard Ratso. It's impossible to change. All you can do is move forward.\" But move? Literally move away? What would Toaster say? And to where? He turned, gazing around at the neighborhood. The Meyer house with its weather worn for rent sign caught his eye. \"Why not?\" Chris' voice echoed in his mind. \"Why not?\" he boomed. Toaster was still cleaning the surgery when he stepped into the clinic. She actually screamed and leaped up when he grabbed her from behind. \"Kirby! What was that all about!\" \"Sorry,\" Kirby replied, chastised. \"I wanted to surprise you.\" \"Well, you sure did.\" Her hand was pressed to her chest. \"Geez, this hurts!\" \"Are you almost finished with that?\" He nodded towards the cloth she was using to wipe down counters. \"Almost. Just ten more minutes. Why?\" He watched her, admiring, as she whipped about the room, moving this and that aside. He had to fight back the urge to sweep her up in his arms again. \"I have something to tell you,\" he tried instead. \"And I have something to tell you. I just…I wish I had more time…\" He couldn't help kissing that upturned face. \"I can give you more time,\" he reassured her. The clinic looked tidied enough even for his taste, but if she wasn't done yet, far be it from him to stop her. \"I'll wait for you in our bedroom.\" \"You sure?\" she said, sounding cautious. \"You're going straight upstairs to the bedroom.\" \"Uh huh.\" \"You…you won't stop by the kitchen.\" What was she on about? He humored her. \"No, I'll go right up to the bedroom.\" \"…Okay, then.\" \"I'll see you…upstairs.\" Subtly wasn't his forte. But he felt assured by the smile Toaster gave him. He wanted to shout. He whistled instead. The image of the Meyer house kept flashing before his eyes. He'd lingered nearby the yard before taking Robbie home, just casually looking the place over. The roof was missing shingles, but that could be repaired. The driveway had cracks in the cement, but neither he nor Toaster could drive a car anyway. As for the inside of the house…he dismissed the notion almost as soon as it came, smiling away his reservations. It could all be repaired and ready for them. The two of them. Why not? Once inside, Kirby found himself too restless to focus. He fumbled around the living room and stairs before finding himself in the guest room. He had to be productive. If only Toaster had been finished when he got back…he wondered what she would say. He eyed the guestroom, wishing he'd brought something back from town; a cherry slushie, or some cherry icecream. Hindsight. Just hindsight. He straightened the bedcovers, and eyed himself in the mirror. A flash of magenta caught his eye, where Toaster's cardigan had fallen off the hook on the back of the door. He smiled to himself, wondering if she'd leave a mess wherever she went. He lifted the cardigan and shook it out, straightening out the sleeves. A tiny cube of paper fluttered out of the pocket. He bent to pick it up, shaking his head at her careless ways. He'd have to remind her to clean out her pockets before laundry day… Then, the writing caught his eye. Toaster all but burst into the house, her heart thudding. All afternoon she'd rehearsed her speech, working out everything in her heart. \"Look, Kirby, I know you think it's unnatural, but Rob says I have a knack for this, and you always say studying is hard work…\" And then she'd tell him about the note. Surely, he would understand. She paused in front of the bedroom door, taking a deep breath before turning the knob. \"Kirby!\" she said, as he raised his head… …And then she stopped at the sight of a crumpled paper in his hands. Her cardigan lay on the bed at his side. His face remained impassive, even cold as he stared at her. A terrible sinking wave of guilt crushed her. \"Oh. I…\" Kirby didn't help her out at all. He simply sat there, unnerving her with his steady gaze. \"Kirby.\" She pleaded, dropping her head. \"I know I should have shown it to you. I know.\" \"So, why didn't you?\" There was a hard edge to Kirby's voice; one that she had never heard before. \"I guess…I guess I wanted a little a little more time to be human.\" \"A little more time.\" Now the words sounded strangled. \"Please don't been mad.\" Toaster clasped her hands together, feeling the touch of her own clammy skin. \"I know they would have found a way eventually. Wittengstein is brilliant, after all; the hearing aids once worked for Einstein. I was just wasn't ready, after all that has happened.\" \"But you're not ready now.\" She looked away, she couldn't stand the way he glared at her, burning a hole into her heart with his judgement. \"Well, I do miss everyone. Blanky, and Lampy, and Radio, and the faucet, and the microwave, and the hearing aids, and…\" \"Who cares what you miss?\" She shuddered as Kirby's voice raised the roof. \"Haven't you stopped to think about how I would feel? I thought we were in this together!\" \"I know.\" Tears threatened at her cheeks as the shame she'd hidden flooded over her. \"All the plans we've made, all the what ifs, and all this time…\" He cut himself off. \"Just how long have you had this, anyway?\" Toaster drew a shaky breath. \"Ever since our date…\" \"What? I can't hear you.\" She swallowed and looked up at him. \"Ever since our first date.\" She couldn't interpret the look that crossed his face. Surprise? Shock? \"Two days? You've had this note for TWO DAYS, and you've never said a word?\" \"I know! I know!\" \"For two days you let me think we were stuck like this! You let me make plans and act like we would have a life together! And all the while you knew they had found a way!\" The tears broke loose. \"I'm sorry, alright! I know I should have shown it to you! I know we should have talked about it. But Kirby…\" She couldn't say it. She couldn't make him understand. \"…We don't really know that Wittengstein knows anything. He…he…they, our friends, don't even know how we became human in the first place!\" \"For the last time, I don't care about them!\" Kirby dropped the note, clasping at his head with both hands. \"I'm talking about you and how you let me think…you lied…\" The last words were spoken in a whisper as all the fight drained from Kirby. He covered his face in his hands and heaved deep breaths. Toaster hugged herself, leaning into the doorframe for support. She stared down at her feet, wishing for another chance. \"I just had to have time to think about it,\" she said, trying hard to explain the spinning feelings in her head. \"And you didn't think I needed that time, too?\" Kirby's voice was shaking now. \"Of course, you did,\" Toaster said, wanting desperately to reach out and hug him. \"Of course, I didn't. I just saw that note in the covers, and I was just afraid…\" \"That I wouldn't understand?\" Toaster squeezed her eyes shut, fighting back the tears. \"Well, perhaps you're right. I don't understand. Perhaps I'm just an old, rusty appliance after all. I never thought it would be this complicated. But…I want you to be…\" Kirby huffed out a deep breath. \"Alright. That's settled. Go ahead and do it.\" Toaster opened her eyes. \"Do…what?\" \"Contact Wittengstein. Tell him we're ready to do anything he suggests. If you're lucky, we'll be appliances again before tomorrow morning, doing exactly what we were made to do.\" \"What?\" Toaster looked up to find Kirby staring out the window. His eyes had misted, and deep wrinkles settled over his cheeks. \"I don't understand, but I want you to be happy. And you want to go back to being a toaster. Well, sure, who could blame you? Stuck in that body, stuck with me. You miss those dimwits, miss being useful in this house. Well, fine. Who needs to be human? As soon as I get Robbie to bed, we'll get Ratso to call…\" Unable to control the bubbling joy that swept through her, Toaster launched herself at Kirby with a shout. They tumbled backwards on the bed, Toaster straddling Kirby as she hugged the living daylights out of him. \"What are you doing? Get off!\" Toaster somehow managed to keep her grip on him even as he tried to pry her off. When he finally succeeded in untangling her arms from his neck and holding her out, she bent forward to kiss him with as much passion as her excitement could muster. It was an odd kiss, with Kirby spluttering and Toaster laughing so hard. It didn't last long at all. But it was more than enough for both to understand- finally and truly understand- each other. When they broke the kiss for a breath, Kirby held Toaster back at arm's length to gaze up into her face. \"You…you don't want to contact Wittgenstein.\" It wasn't a question. The stern lines had disappeared from Kirby's face, and his eyes were large with something like awe and hope. \"You don't want to be an appliance again.\" Toaster tossed back her head in another laugh, feeling her hair dangle. This was a freedom she had never known at all before; to laugh without fear and be clasped without anxiety. It was Kirby who raised her head to kiss her, pulling her atop him as though he would never let her go. \"Please understand guys,\" she pleaded a little later with three motionless appliances. They had gathered the three from their various places around the house and set them in the bedroom. They would have to tell Ratso next, and perhaps the kitchen appliances, if Rob and Chris were out. But Toaster felt they owed it to their closest companions, first and foremost. Kirby sat next to her, holding one hand while his other arm wrapped around her waist, a present source even while he let her explain everything. \"It's not that we don't miss you- or everyone else-this is…this is…I don't even know if I can explain it.\" She glanced down at Kirby's hand, watching his thumb rub her wrist. Despite their expressionless forms, Toaster could easily imagine Blanky's tears and Radio's panicked retorts, and even Lampy's confusion. \"We need to stay as we are,\" she said at last. \"Like this. Human. I don't think we could be appliances again even if we tried. You'd understand if you felt it too…\" she trailed off. She looked to Kirby for help. He cleared his throat, but said nothing at all. \"I love you all.\" The words startled her even as she said them. Love. What she had understood of love as an appliance and what she had experienced of love as a human were two vastly different feelings. But it was true all the same. Her eyes clouded as she felt a steady pain cross her heart. \"I love you all so much. We love you all.\" She squeezed Kirby's hand. \"And we'll be here for you as often as we can.\" \"Whenever we can,\" Kirby confirmed. She shared a look with him before reaching out to sweep her friends into her arms. She rubbed her cheek against them, hoping the touch soothed them. Kirby patted each; awkward, but affectionate in his own way. \"Do you think they understand?\" Toaster asked as they left the room. \"No.\" Kirby's arm drew her close. \"But I wouldn't have either.\" \"It'll be different without them. I'd almost…\" Toaster stopped herself, settling for laying her head against Kirby's side. \"You'd almost what?\" Kirby's voice was far too soft. \"You'd almost…be a toaster again?\" \"No.\" She pulled his head down to kiss him. \"That's over now.\" She withstood his scrutiny, watching him waver between agreement and uncertainty. \"I suppose it is,\" he said at last. They stood in the hallway for some time, holding one another, grateful that luck had seen fit to let each of them be. They didn't hear the squeak of the door as it slit open, or see the woeful eyes that watched them walk away together. Their imaginations already knew it.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11: As We Travel the Land The time whirled away once their decision was made. Intent on proving himself, Kirby launched into his cleaning service with more fervor and passion than even Toaster thought possible. Word of mouth spread from his park ladies, and Kirby soon found himself with plenty of clients and houses needing attention. Mothers were wary at first of handing over their children to such a tall, stern-faced fellow, but those who observed him with little Robbie knew he could be trusted. Confident with his own progress, Kirby encouraged Toaster to register for her veterinarian assistant certificate. With Rob's help, she selected courses for the following spring and began studying the books he lent her in earnest. She worked in the clinic as often as she could, gaining the experience and loving every animal that came their way. It was the move to the Meyer house, though, that made everything real for her. While the realtor chatted about plumbing and carpets, Toaster quietly observed the empty three- bedroom house. Its stillness reminded her eerily of the cabin. \"But they look nothing alike,\" Kirby remarked when she mentioned it to him. \"You're wrong,\" she replied, recalling the quiet, isolated place that had been her first home. Kirby was focused solely on the value of the space. Toaster sensed quiet evenings curled up on a sofa, watching the sunset; mornings in the kitchen, watching Kirby whip up some new delight; sitting on the porch, studying for her new career. A future of possibilities. Suddenly eager, Toaster concurred with Kirby when they signed the paperwork. Rob and Chris lent them the money to make their first rent payment- a loan agreement that Kirby insisted on. \"You've already done a lot for us,\" he said, and Toaster agreed. By late October they had moved in, and in November they found themselves furnishing their new home. They made store clerks' days living nightmares as they spoke with each appliance. \"Does it ever singe edges of the bread when it feels left out?\" Toaster asked about each new toaster model, perturbed that she couldn't give each one a chance. Kirby caused his own brand of confusion by claiming that one vacuum model had a nasty attitude. They couldn't explain to the overwhelmed sales associates what personalities meant for their new home, and they had to be certain that they found the right ones: the ones that would last. Perhaps, Toaster realized wistfully, they were hoping to assemble another team. Even though Kirby never said a word, she knew their friends were never far from his thoughts either. Thanksgiving came and went in the midst of their preparations; hardly noticed. Oh, sure, Toaster was excited to celebrate her first real human holiday, but the true excitement for her was to be in the middle of her own room in a bed with Kirby fast asleep at her side. Now Christmas was coming, and even though their décor boasted of little more than a pine tree her height with one strand of blue lights and Robbie's paper snowflakes, Toaster couldn't help her pride at their decorated house. The next day or so she'd persuade Kirby to track the fields with her, looking for mistletoe and evergreens to tuck around the rooms. He'd be a grump about it, of course. But he would be with her. \"Home again. Home again. On steady ground…\" she sang as she sat curled up in the armchair. The picture window poised a lovely winter scene before, lovely snow just settling, as the sky mixed shades of dark blue with the fading light. At her right, too far from the window, the tree sparkled. Home. Home at Christmastime. She rubbed her cheek against the armrest and hugged her knees against her chest. Had she ever had a lovelier moment in her life? Behind her a pencil snapped, and a deep voice swore. Smiling, she turned her head away from the window and smiled at the figure sitting at the desk. \"What?\" he demanded, gruffly, without looking around. She was flabbergasted. \"What do you mean what?\" \"I can feel you looking at me.\" He twisted the chair to look at her, cocking his eyebrow as he studied her somberly. Far too somberly for such a lovely night. \"What are you thinking now?\" She chuckled, and bounded out of the armchair to throw her arms around his neck. \"I was thinking we should put the tree closer to the window. No one from the street will see the lights…\" His groan made her laugh louder. \"For the last time, the tree is FINE in the corner. Just FINE. WE can see the lights, and that's all that matters. No one looks in the windows anyway…I'm not moving that blasted tree again!\" \"Okay, okay.\" She stroked the short hairs over his ears to soothe him and kissed his cheek. \"It was just a thought.\" \"Yeah, well, it's dangerous when you think.\" He tilted his head back to look up at her, his eyes deep and adoring, and his face crinkling with wrinkles; his hidden smile. How she loved the way he smiled. \"I just want to do something,\" she confessed. Something special, she added. \"Then, go get another pencil for me.\" He tossed the broken one into the trash bin at his feet. \"I've got to get this budget done tonight.\" \"Alright.\" She started for the kitchen, but he caught her arm first and drew her back for another kiss. She shared a smile with him, knowing, grumpy or not, that he was as happy as she. She twirled out of his grasp, humming as she left. This was her life now; she realized, pausing in the doorway to flick on the kitchen light. The two of them. She fished around the kitchen cabinets for a pencil. And even while the delight captivated her, the oddness that it brought still tingled inside of her. The sight of a shiny chrome platted toaster with black accents resting at the end of the kitchen counter reminded her of that. Forgetting the pencil, she reached out for the appliance and picked it up, seeing her reflection peering back. As odd as it felt to see the brown eyes that gazed back at her, she knew it was even odder still that they inhabited a human face. She handled the toaster carefully, running her finger along its top with care, remembering what a human touch could mean. \"Are you pretending to toast bread?\" she asked, stroking a finger over its handle. \"Or are you wondering what it might be like to be human and have all these wonderful feelings?\" \"Hurry it up!\" Toaster gave the appliance once last look before returning to the living room. \"What's got your cords in a twist?\" she teased, slapping the pencil in his outstretched hand. She leaned against the table to watch him flip through his notebook pages. \"I have to get these expenses figured out before the end of the month,\" he replied. \"Our money won't grow at the rate we've been spending it, and it's not like we make enough between us.\" \"We'll manage,\" she assured him. \"We will manage.\" Kirby's voice was firm and determined as he opened a box of receipts. \"We will manage because I am going to keep track of our expenses.\" He tapped a page that read \"Cleaning Supplies\". \"I'm going out tomorrow. What do we need?\" \"Polish,\" Toaster replied, thinking. \"And more dust rags for the bathrooms.\" \"Toilet paper.\" Kirby quickly jotted everything down. \"…And some Christmas spirit, maybe a little holiday joy…\" Toaster grinned as Kirby seized and kissed her hand. \"That's your prime directive,\" he grumbled in response, his head half buried in receipts. Toaster shook her head at him, placing her hands on her hips. The doorbell rang, followed by a firm pounding. \"Just make sure you get a double roll this time,\" Toaster insisted as she went to answer. \"I don't want to run out so fast again.\" They both froze at the knock on the door: a distinctive tapping that retrieved a distant memory from their minds. \" Luckily, my war training included inter-appliance codes.\" No, it couldn't be. Toaster hesitated with her hand on the doorknob, looking over at Kirby. His expression told her little, but he rose from his chair so fast the poor thing teetered on its legs. She twisted the knob and pulled the door open. Six in the evening saw tired workers headed home, and mothers anxious for their kids to be fed and settled for bed. Late night walkers had their dogs out on leashes, both breathing in the cool air even as the smells of dinner beckoned them home. With their lives so preoccupied, those outside the newly rented house took only minor notice of startled cries and greetings. They might have noticed the three strangers standing on the doorstep, cheering and talking at once. They might have wondered at the poorly fitting things they had on, making them look like mismatched hobos. They might have shrugged in some fond memory at the way the couple swept each one into a crushing hug. They might have smiled at the way the short, dark-haired woman lifted up the little golden-haired child, shouting, \"Blanky!\" while the child chanted over and over, \"Toaster! Toaster!\" They might have laughed at the way a lanky fellow leaned on the broad gentleman, while a red-haired man danced a jig at their feet. They might have seen it all, but, like most people, they thought nothing of it. They continued their own lives, writing other stories that few might hear. As for the family themselves, they weren't upset by the lack of attention. The couple ushered the newcomers inside the house and firmly closed the door on the world; in their joy leaving explanations and stories untold. Untold for this story that is. ","Summary":" A Change in Direction Summary: \"But...I'm not supposed to be...human...\" Toaster embarks on a new"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Aleksandra","Author":"Sajna18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7793794","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: in this story Tak Mashido is married to Aleksandra who goes by Alek however, only Farra Lemkova knows of this. Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of the characters in it. I only own Aleksandra. Please R&R;! (Aleksandra's POV): I was driving to the next big fight between Zeus and and the unlucky opponent to be facing him. It was getting late and I quickly pulled into the motel ahead, got a room and fell asleep. I had set my alarm clock for 4am and severely regretted it the next morning. But, I needed to be on my way so I reluctantly dragged myself out of bed and got dressed. After I paid for the night and returned the room key, I noticed a young boy and a small robot. Intrigued I walked closer. The boy seemed to be trying to teach the robot to fight, and amazingly the robot seemed to copy every move the boy made; I had never seen anything like it! The kid then looked over and noticed me, so I figured that I better go over and introduce myself before I seemed like some stalker. \"Hey, kid nice Robot you have there!\" I shouted over. His eyes seemed to light up at the mention of his robot. \"He is, isn't he!\" he grinned back. \"What's his name I asked curiously? This was like no robot I had never seen before. Small yet lithe, it did not look it had much hope in the ring. \"His name is Atom, and I am Max.\" He replied. \"Well, I am Aleksandra but everyone just calls me Alek.\"I said with a grin! \"So, does your robot know any moves?\" I asked. A huge grin lit up his face like he had been dyeing for anyone to ask him about his robot! \"Yeah!\", \"I have been up all night teaching him how to fight!\" He replied, \"He is going to be amazing!\" Not wanting to disappoint the kid I kept my doubts to myself and told him I will have to see Atom fight someday. He then started to show me all the moves he had taught Atom so far. The kid was very dedicated; I had to give him that! He reminded me of Tak when he was determined to make something work. I stayed with Max for another hour or two even though I really should have been on the road hours ago. Finally, I could not wait any longer, and had to be on my way. I said bye to Max and told him that I would look for him and Atom in upcoming matches and I was on my way.[Chapter 2] A/N: In this story the Zeus vs. Axelrod happens after Max dances with Atom at the Motel. Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of it Characters, I only own Aleksandra. Chapter 2 I was able to make it to the match relatively on time, by speeding through the more rural areas where the chances of getting pulled over were very slim, or so I hoped. Since I was considered a VIP, I was able to hand my car, a sleek 2020 black Porsche, off to a valet and walk right in and down to my seat, in the front row of course. Both Tak and Farra were already in their seats when I arrived. Smiling, I took my seat next to Tak. Of course, no one could know we were married or even the fact we were together. Both Tak and Farra had made many enemies during their Robot fighting career and instead of me have bodyguards 24/7, we merely have kept our relationship a secret. It is not the best of situations….but it works. I felt Tak grab my hand under the cover of darkness and the crowd erupted into cheers as the fights began. There was a short intermission before the showcase, in which the man sitting next to me decided that now would be a great time to relentlessly flirt with me. Seriously, the guy would not take no for an answer and he could not believe that anyone would be able to resist his \"charm\". I could feel Tak's grip on my hand tighten to an almost painful amount. Looking over I could see that his whole body was tense and he seemed to be trying very hard not to go over and kill the guy. Thankfully, the showcase began not too much later and I was able to begin to feel some circulation return to my hand once more. Zeus, of course, won his fight in the showcase against Axelrod, in the very first round with zero resistance. Looking over I could see the pride in Tak's eyes as his creation won again and again. Farra, Tak, and I stood up along with the rest of the Zeus entourage, and I blended right in, looking as though I was just another person in the Zeus VIP fan club. As soon as we stepped out of the arena with Zeus, reporters immediately bombarded Farra with questions. Each one trying to get the scoop on the stupendous Zeus. Soon, they all turn to question the great Tak Mashido, but I was focused on a boy standing on the sidelines. It was the same boy from the motel, Max. He had this absolutely awed look on his face at seeing Zeus and Tak. He did not notice me; however, it made my night to be able to see the joy in his face at standing so close to both Zeus and Tak. Soon, we were on our way, pushing past the masses of reporters; I looked back and saw someone throw Max a Zeus towel, and somehow I knew that this would not be the last I saw of Max. Farra, Tak, and I then walked around to the back to make sure Zeus was safely taken away. Finally, it was time to head to home, and I was absolutely exhausted. We said goodbye to Farra, got into my car and were on our way home. I was very tired from the long day and I could feel myself slowing beginning to fall asleep to the soft lull of the sport car's engine and comfortable seats. (Dream): I was in an arena, and judging by the size and energy of the crowd, there was about to be a very big fight. I looked over and saw Tak and Farra sitting in their seats. Tak, glanced up and noticed me by the edge of the stairs, he then smiled, and motioned for me to come over. I briefly wondered what he was playing at. Anyone could have noticed that. But, still I walked over to the two; maybe they could tell me what was going on. Tak stood up as I got closer, and then, even more shocking he kissed me right there in front of everyone. Shocked, I just stood there for a second wondering what on earth was going on. Glancing up, I noticed that Tak was looking at me weirdly. \"Are you okay?\" He asked worriedly. \"What, what was that,\" I asked. Still slightly shocked that he would just kiss me right in front of thousands of people, when we had worked so hard to keep our relationship a secret; which had been his idea in the first place. At this he looked at me weirdly, \"Do I really need me to explain it to you?\" he said, with a grin on his face. \"But, what about nobody knowing about our relationship?\"I inquired curiously. He looked back at me, \"What in the world are you talking about?\" I looked up then, grinning, and momentarily forgetting about how weird this all was and relished the moment. \"You know what, never mind.\"I replied before standing up on my toes, as I was quite a bit shorter then he, and kissing him; and then in a blink of an eye it was all gone. The arena, Tak, everything. I was now standing in the middle of what appeared to be a cemetery. In the distance I was able to see the outline of a group of people. I started over to them; maybe they would be able to tell me where I was. It was cold and looked like it was about to rain, so I started to walk faster hoping to be able to find were I was and get the heck out of here. This place really was starting to freak me out. As, I drew closer I was able to see that the people were all crowded around a grave and that there was three of them. I gasped in shock as I was able to make out their faces. It was Tak, Farra, and my mother. I started to run shouting their names the whole way but, they could not seem to hear me. I reached the small group and started to yell at them for blatantly ignoring me, but still they just kept staring at the grave in front of them. I saw that my mom was softly sobbing into Tak's chest and even more shocking, Tak was crying. I looked over at the grave to see what could have prompted such a response from the group and froze. -Aleksandra Lee Mashido- Birth Date: January 21st, 1998 - Death Date: November 17th, 2020 Loving wife and friend A/N: Well, there it is! The second chapter! Please everyone read and review![Chapter 3] About Aleksandra: Height: 5'4 Eyes: Dark Blue Hair: Dark brown and Curly Occupation: Works on Zues's law team Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of its characters, I only own Aleksandra. A/N: Hi everyone! I am so sorry for the long wait, unfortuantly I had a few computer problems that needed to be taken care of. Also, please everyone review! It means a lot to me to hear about your opinions about this story, so please everyone review! Chapter 3 I woke up, gasping for air and in a panicked state. It took me a moment to get a bearing of my surroundings and to realize that I was no longer in the car but, at home, in bed. At that moment Tak walked into the room, took one look at my panicked, scared state, before walking over to the bed and taking me into his arms. For awhile we both just sat there. With him silently rocking me back and forth, telling me that everything was ok. The dream had just felt so real. The arena, cemetery, Tak; everything. I calmed down after a few minutes, and sat up, taking deep breaths. Tak looked down at me with a worried expression on his face. \"You ok?\" He asked softly. I took a shaky breath and replied \"Yeah I'm fine.\" \"Do you want to talk about it?\" \"No, no I'm ok.\" I replied before shakily getting to my feet. I took a step forward and nearly fell, since my legs had fallen asleep in the awkward position that I had been sleeping in. Tak, luckily was able to catch me before I fell. \"Are you sure you are ok?\" He asked with a worried expression on his face. \"Yeah, yeah I am fine.\" I replied. \"What time is it?\" He grinned back at me before replying \"One.\" \"What! I cannot believe you let me sleep that long!\" He laughed at my panicked expression, \"Relax! One in the morning, if anything we both should be getting more sleep right now. I smiled, but going back to sleep was the last thing I wanted to do right then. \"Ha, Ha, very funny!\" I laughed, before walking into the closet and grabbing some more comfortable clothes (seeing as I was still wearing my clothes from last night), and walked into the bathroom. I barley recognized the person that stared back at me in the mirror. My long, dark curly hair was a tangled mess and my dark blue eyes were disorientated with large black rings surrounding them which made it look like I had not slept for a week. Though I suppose with all the travel and driving I have been doing lately that it should not come as a surprise. Quickly, I stepped into the shower and let the warm water sooth all of my sore muscles. When I could stall no longer, I reluctantly stepped out of the shower, dried off and put on my black sweatpants and emerald green tank top. Then it was time to tackle the hair. I relentlessly tried to comb out all of the tangles in my hair and found it to be a long grueling process. Finally, when my hair was tangled free and I looked somewhat like myself again, I stepped back out into the room. It was a nice cozy, modern room. In one end there was a nice,sleek 2020 flat sceen laying across from the small calming fountain that lay in the corner; and in the center of the room was the bed, with a large black backboard that had lights coming up from either side. (A/N picture on profile) . When I saw that Tak was no longer in the room I ventured downstairs, where I saw him sitting on the plush black couch, with his fingers furiously flying across the keyboard of his computer. For a moment I just stood there. Admiring, how his long slender fingers glided effortlessly over the keys of his computer. Then he stopped, looking up at me standing in the doorway. Smiling, I walked over and curled up next to him on the couch, exhausted. \"Watcha doin'?\" Chuckling he replied, \"Work.\" \"This early? You're crazy!\" I laughed taking the computer from his lap. \"Yeah, well apparently some rookie made a mistake when unloading Zeus from the truck and dented his frame, and they need me to place the order for a new one.\" He said shaking his head back and forth, \"Needless to say the guy was fired.\" \"Poor Guy\", I mumbled before handing back his computer. \"Poor guy? He ruined Zeus's frame!\" Tak exclaimed! Turning off his computer and shaking his head back and forth at me, \"You always do somehow manage to see the best in people.\" \"Yep! And you love me for it!\" I replied with a grin, before jumping up off of the couch and going into the kitchen. I reached up into the wooden cupboard and grabbed a glass for water. As I was filling up my glass I heard Tak walk into the kitchen and put his arms around my waist. \"Are you sure you are ok? He inquired softly. Sighing I leaned back onto his chest and exhaled deeply. \"It was just so real.\" I whispered before gathering my courage and standing up. \"But, it was nothing; I'm fine.\" I said strongly; trying more to convince myself then Tak. Tak opened his mouth most likely to argue that I was not ok, but I beat him to it. \"I am going to bed\" I said with finality, before stepping back, grabbing my water, and starting for the stairs. \"Ok,\" He sighed, seeing that I was clearly done talking. \"I'll be up in a sec.\" \"K,\" I replied smiling before heading up the stairs and climbing into the large comfortable bed, though I was admittedly still a bit worried to fall asleep once more. A few moments later I heard Tak coming into the room and joining me in bed; feeling his strong arms circle around my waist, and immediately I felt safer. After minute of just laying there in the darkness I could put off sleep no longer. I was starting to begin to feel the early mornings and late nights catch up to me as my body begged for sleep. Finally, I gave in to the exhaustion and fell into a thankfully dreamless sleep. A/N: Hope you all enjoyed! Next chapter will include Max, Charlie and Atom will be making an appearance.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of its characters. I only own Aleksandra Aleksandra Chapter 4 Soon, I could feel my consciousness returning as I lay there on our warm plush bed, not really wanting to be awake quite yet. Slowly, groggily I sat up and glanced over at the clock dreading that it might tell that my moments of rest were over and that is was time to fully wake up and drag myself out of bed. Unfortunately, my wishes were not met and the clock was working against me this fine morning. Carefully, I stepped out from underneath the warm plush covers and quietly made my way down to the kitchen trying not to wake up Tak for at least another few minutes. After I studied our fridge and deemed that we really had nothing good to work with, I settled on a \"gourmet\" bowl of cereal! Just as I was finishing up eating Tak came walking swiftly down the stairs. \"Good Morning\" he said brightly, giving me a kiss and grabbing another bowl from the cupboard. Honestly, I had absolutely no idea how anybody could be so chirper and awake this early in the morning. As we ate our \"wonderful\" cereal we talked about today's match. I could see as always Tak was excited to talk about Zeus, his masterpiece, but I could also see that Tak missed the challenged of the battle. It was pretty much guaranteed that Zeus would always win and that took out some of the fun of the matches. I mean it was not really a competition if you always won in the first three seconds. After we both finished up our breakfast we each headed off in our separate ways so that we could prepare to leave for tonight's tournament. Turning on the radio I proceeded into the closet. However, I turned around immediately and walked right back out when I realized that Tak had once again changed the radio station to one of his WRB stations. I reached down to change the station to some actual music when something they said caught my attention. Intrigued I listened closer. \"Hey all you robot fans, have you all heard of this new bot ATOM? Let me tell you this little guy is surprising many, me too! This tiny little bot is so fast helping him beat his more experienced opponents, such as the famed Chaos and Wall Street. Let me tell you remember this name ATOM spelled A, T, O, M! This bot is defiantly one to watch! I could not believe my ears! Could this really be the same young Max and scrawny little Atom I had met at the motel? Well, I suppose I did tell Max that I would try to watch Atom fight and now I was getting my chance! Much more excited now for tonight's match I danced all around the house while finishing getting ready for the match! Lost in my own little world I did not even notice Tak come out into the room. Spinning around I saw him standing in the doorway smiling and watching me as I,well, quite frankly made a fool of myself. \"What's got you in such a great mood this morning\"? He asked, coming into the room. \"Just excited for the match tonight, heard there is a new bot competing\"? I replied with a grin. \"Yeah some bot named ATOM I heard that he is just some scrawny little thing. He is probably just some publicity stunt that the league came up with\". Tak stated nonchalantly, \"He won't even compare to Zeus\". \"Yea well it will be good for a change in bots\". I said stubbornly, \"Mix it up a little\". Chuckling Tak gathered me into his arms \"You always did have a thing for the underdogs\". \"Come on we better be on our way or Farra will have our heads for being even a minute late\"! Laughing, I started for the door, \"You know Farra to be 15 minutes early is to be on time and to be on time is to be late\". \"Let's not keep her waiting; a mad Farra is not something I like to experience often\"! \"You and me both\", replied Tak with a grin. We both stepped into his car and then we were on our way to the magnificent WRB league arena. In my head I chuckled to myself thinking that if you had told me a few years ago that I would be involved in robot fighting and secretly married to one of the World best robot engineers I would have called you crazy! But, I suppose life is crazy. Before I knew it we had arrived at the arena and Tak headed off to work on Zeus and to make sure that no internes have ruined his masterpiece before the fight. I started up towards the Lemkova Suite. Sure it had a great view of the arena but if I am being completely honest I would have to say that I would much rather be down in the arena cheering with the rest of the insane boisterous crowd. Something that I know Tak wishes to be doing as well. To be down there controlling his own masterpiece and not letting some tech student be behind the controls of Zeus. Though I thought if I had to be anywhere but the arena the Lemkova Suite very nice. Nodding to the security detail at the door who is paid partially not to notice my presence, I let myself in. It was busy with cleaners and staff making the suite look completely perfect for tonight's match. Before long I knew this place would be transformed into basically a high end club where generous sponsors could watch the robot that they invested in, in style. Sighing, I plopped down in one of the plush chairs and took out the book I had brought with me to pass the time and proceed to become enthralled in the adventures and journeys of the characters. After what only seemed like a few minutes though it probably was much longer than that, both Farra and Tak entered the room. Tak came over and sat down on the couch next to me giving me a kiss on the check and put his arm around me. Farra sat down across from us and began to explain all of the plans for tonight and how everything was going to happen down to the minute. I tuned her out leaning into Tak when something she said caught my attention. \"So, I decided to buy that new little robot ATOM\". She continued, \"He will be a useful sparing bot for Zeus\". I could hardly believe my ears! \"Wait, I said interrupting, \"How do you know that they are just going to sell their bot? People can be quite attached to their bots\" I said thinking of Max. \"This is its first league fight and they most will likely not even make the first round\" Farra replied glaring at me for interrupting, \"I assume that his owners will realize this and see that this is the best and only offer they are going to receive. Besides everyone has a price\". \"OK\", I said hesitantly not really wanting to pick a fight with Farra. Farra continued on with her extremely detailed and boring schedule and soon it was time for me to leave so that the arriving people would not become suspicious of why I was there so early with Farra and Tak. Exiting the suite I made my way into the nearest bathroom before heading off to where all of the sponsors for Zeus would be waiting for entrance to the Lemkova Suite. After about twenty minutes one of the security guards for the suite came out and escorted us all in after checking our ID's first. Then I was back in. Though this time I couldn't make it seem like I knew Tak or Farra in any personal way. Sighing to myself I made my way over the large glass viewing area that looked out over into the arena below. Ecstatic people were coming in in swarms everyone anxious to see the matches. To me personally, I believed that if Tak and I had to be a secret and are unable to really acknowledge each other's presence, then why cannot I just watch the matches from the crowd? It is not like any of the sponsors would even notice or care. But, oh well I suppose some of those very people in the crowd would die for a chance to watch from the lavish, famed Lemkova Suite. I am just not one of them. More than a little board I sat watching all of the people in the arena below waiting for the match to begin. Behind me I heard the door open over the load booming music and paid no attention to it until I heard a little boy's voice. What he said amused me greatly. \"Holy shit its Tak Mashido\"! Chuckling to myself I turned my head slightly to take a look at this excited individual, and was surprised to see that is was none other than Max! Then I remembered that they were here so that Farra could attempt to buy ATOM. More alert now I strained my ears so that I could hear there conversation but found I could not over the loud music, so I stood up calmly and my way over to the bar where I could hear better. Now I know that it was technically eaves dropping but at that moment I really did not care. I heard who I assumed to Max's dad thrilled at the generous offer and chuckled quietly to myself as Max stood up for his little robot refusing to sell. It was obvious as the argument went on what the outcome was going to be. ATOM was not going to be sold. Feeling a sense of pride for the young boy who had the guts to stand up to Farra and her money, I turned towards them to see Farra's expression. Big mistake, for at that moment Max turned around to storm out looking straight at me. Praying that he would not notice me and make a scene I turn back around. However, it would seem as though luck was not on my side that night. \"Alek\"? I heard his young voice question. For a moment I considered denying it but I knew that it would do no good and only case a larger scene as Max tried to prove me wrong. So I turned around with a hesitant grin and said \"Hey, Max right\"? I saw Farra raise an eyebrow in question as to how I know these people and Tak sit up a little straighter in his chair and turning ever so slightly so that he could listen. \"What are you doing here\"? He questioned. \"I was invited\" I replied vaguely. \"Plus I wanted to see ATOM fight\" I added in for good measure. I could see he was still confused and did not totally believe me though when he opened up to say more his father, Charlie, I think that is what I heard his name was, put his hand on Max's shoulder and they began to leave after Charlie said goodbye to Farra along with saying that they will consider her generous offer, though I really doubted that Max would ever change his mind. As the door swung shut behind them I breathed out a sigh of relief, it would appear as though not many of the people noticed anything was going on, and I could still remain fairly unnoticed in the group, as was planned. Though from the look and Farra's face that this would not be the last I heard of this incident. Walking back over to the window seats I sank down into one of the plush chair waiting for the matches to begin but not quite so board as before! A/N: Hi everyone, Wow I am so sorry how long that it has been since I last updated! I have had some major issues with my computer and had lost the copy of my story. Hopefully in the future I will be able to update much faster! Thanks for all of those who have stuck with this story![Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of the characters from Real Steel. I only own Aleksandra. Aleksandra Chapter 5 The crowd roared with excitement as the announcer stepped out into the arena. I laughed out loud receiving some odd looks from the sponsors and a small smile from Tak, as Max came dancing out with ATOM. Despite the atrocious odds I really did hope that ATOM would not come out of the match against the notorious Twin Cities as nothing more the smashed parts. Down in the corner I saw Charlie helping Max up onto some box so that he could see better as the two of them prepared for the match of their lives. The clang of the bell marked the start of the match. Before long ATOM was backed into a corner taking more than a few hits, things were not looking well. I could see Charlie and Max panicking on the side, they better do something fast! ATOM was being pummeled in there. Then I saw it. Now I would not consider myself robot boxing expert but from being around the matches and Tak so much I was able to pick up on a few things. Such as the fact that the Twin Cities robot had a hitch in his right shoulder! Judging by the look on Charlie's face he had seen it as well! Suddenly, ATOM was out of the corner! Ducking under and around the Twin Cities massive arm, he managed to regain some control in this fight. I could see Charlie shouting commands over in the corner, \"back step, back step, lean left\"! Suddenly ATOM moved onto the offense, traveling close to Twin Cities so that it couldn't use its extended reach against ATOM. ATOM started to land punch after punch! The Twin Cities suffered blow after blow until it could take no more. \"ATOM had hit that sweet spot causing a system failure. The Twins Cities team was past freaking out on the side. They were beside themselves. ATOM spun left, then right, confusing his opponent. \"RIGHT UPPERCUT\" I watched Charlie scream! And then Twin Cities sank to the ground; defeated. I could hardly believe it! The Twin Cities was down! ATOM, despite what everyone thought had beaten the odds and won! Barley able to contain my excitement, I let a huge grin cover my face, before I returned it to a stoic expression. I felt a jolt of surprise as Max ran out onto the stage and started yelling his victory speech into the microphone the he stole/ grabbed from the announcer, and I felt my jaw drop as he openly taunted Farra in front of thousands. Man this kid had guts! Though I was starting to think he was more than a little crazy as he challenged the Zeus to a fight against ATOM before Charlie yanked away the microphone. Sure the robot won a match but really did Max think he would stand a chance against the amazing, undefeated Zeus? I turned my head to see Farra's furious expression and immediately felt bad for Max, clearly had no clue what he just got himself in to. Luckily Farra had little time to be upset as Zeus made his grand entrance into the arena for his match. As expected the match lasted all of three measly seconds before Zeus's opponent was no more. As things started to wrap up around the suite I excused myself to walk around a little so that I could do some people watching. I watched with amusement as people recalled the epic matches of the night, the amazing Zeus and the underdog ATOM, many people it seemed were really hoping to have the chance to watch those two go head to head. Shaking my head at everyone's excitement I keep walking around, when I heard my name shouted, \"Alek\"! I quickly turned around wondering who could be calling me and I was surprised to see Max running towards me. \"Alek, Alek, wait up\"! He panted. Farther behind him I could see Charlie running to catch up. \"Hey\" he called excitedly, \"Did you see ATOM\"! He obviously forgot momentarily about my appearance in the Lemkova Suite in his excitement. Somewhat out of breath Charlie appeared next to us. \"Max, you cannot just go running off\". He reprimanded the young boy with a smile. Looking up he then noticed me. \"Hey, your Alek right\"? He asked, \"Sorry about Max here he can get a little excited\". \"No problem at all\"! I said with a smile, \"I know how exciting winning a huge match like this can be. At that moment some match officials came over looking to talk to Charlie about the details of pay and what not from the nights match. Seeing that he was a little overwhelmed I offered to look after Max while he took care of the paperwork. Seeing him hesitate I assured him that Max would be perfectly safe with me while Max begged his dad to hang out with me Man, I hadn't realized how good of an impression I had made on the kid back at that motel. I guess somebody believing in his bot meant the world to him. After a minute Charlie agreed and asked me to take Max out to their truck and grab him some papers that were in the back. Agreeing Max and I headed out of the arena and over to the back were the participant's trailers and trucks were parked. It was dark out and not many people if any were around in these parts of the arena. I listened to Max ramble on excitedly about the match and just how excited that he was. Smiling, at his overwhelming joy a thought to myself how happy I was that ATOM won. Suddenly there was a certain chill in the air that was certainly not from the hot summer weather. Feeling the hairs on the back on my neck prickle I began to urge Max to walk faster. Out of nowhere a group of men came out surrounding the two of us. Nervously I asked \"Is there anything that we can help you guys with\"? One man in a cowboy hat stepped forward chuckling in a dark menacing way. \"That depends\", he spoke with a country drawl. \"This boy's daddy Charlie coming out anytime soon? He owes us some money\". Wondering what kind of a mess Charlie had gotten himself into I stepped protectively in front of Max, looking around for any kind escape or form of help, but there was none. \"No\"? he mockingly spoke, \"Well in that case maybe all Charlie needs is some nice incentive\". Fearing what was coming next I began backing away from the man with Max behind me only to find that we were completely surrounded. Then that man spoke those awful words. \"Grab the boy\". No! I could no let that happen I had to save Max, was all that was running through my head as the men began to close in on the two of us. \"Wait\"! I spoke suddenly. \"If you want money then take me instead\". This stopped them momentarily at least. \"Now why would we want you, when we could have the boy, Charlie's son\"? The man I had taken to calling cowboy asked in mock confusion. \"I could get you a better ransom\" I shot back. \"Now why would Charlie want to pay more for you\", cowboy asked, \"I have never even seen you with Charlie before\"? \"Whoever said that I was talking about Charlie\"? I replied glad I had stopped there advance for the moment. \"Well go on then\", Cowboy said anxiously, \"We don't have all night\". I could hardly believe what I said next, \"Because, because I am Tak Mashido's wife\". A/N: Hi everyone! Happy Holidays! I want to thank everyone who has been following and reviewing my story! Please I just want to ask everyone to please review! It means so much to me to hear your thoughts and feedback on this story. It doesn't need to be a huge review anything is great! Thanks again to everyone who has taken the time to review so far and I sincerely hope that others will take the time to review for this chapter![Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of the characters. I only own Aleksandra. Aleksandra Chapter 6 Dead silence, then laughter filled the air. All of the men bent over in hysterics. Cowboy managed to speak his idiotic thoughts between gasping breaths \"How stupid do you think we are! Tak Mashido is not married! Just give us the boy and we will be on our way\". \"No I am who I say I am, and here is my proof\" I spoke firmly while taking out my phone. There I found a picture of Tak and me on our wedding day. IT was a small, secret but elegant service and it had been just perfect. I knew that I shouldn't keep this photo so easily accessible on my phone even with my phone having a lock it would not be all that hard to hack into, but it just meant so much to me to have with me. Shakily I held up my phone for cowboy to see. I watched as the smile slid off of his face as his brain tried to comprehend what couldn't be true yet there was the proof right in front of him. After a moment of tense silence he spoke. \"Well boys it would seem as though we are in luck. Take the girl.\" Resigned I let them roughly grab my arms and tie them together. I heard Max screaming to let me go but there was nothing that he could do, yelling in to run I breathed a sigh of relief. Whatever happened next I was just glad that he was safe for now. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a dark object coming straight for my face, than it all went black. Max's POV: I watched helplessly as one of the men knocked out Alek and dragged her away, I had never felt so helpless. I had to do something I had to get help. Suddenly I remembered the bombshell that she had dropped earlier convincing the men to take her and not me. She was Tak Mashido's wife. I could hardly believe it to be true but this was not the time or the place to waste time mulling over this mystery. If she really was his wife then Tak could help. Running as fast as I could back into the arena I dashed straight past Charlie ignoring his surprised shouts, and right back to where the guard had lead me and my dad to the Lemkova Suite. Taking each of the steps two at a time the door was soon in sight. Before I could make my way in however, I was stopped by a guard. \"And just where do you think you're going kid?\" he asked raising an eyebrow. \"Look I don't have time for this! I have to talk to Tak Mashido. NOW\"! I yelled. \"Sure, you do\" he replied doubtfully. Luck seemed to be in my favor however, as Farra chose that moment to walk out of the suite. \"Farra\"! I called, \"You've got to help me! It's about Alek\"! This caught her attention. Nick, let the boy go she said addressing the guard. Charlie appeared at that moment gasping for air. \"What is going on here?\" he gasped out. \"That is what I would like to know\". Spoke Farra, \"Come on in\". Together we three walked into the now empty Suite minus a few workers that Farra quickly dismissed. \"Well\"? She asked looking at me expectantly. \"I need to see Tak\" I said determinedly. \"Who needs to see me\"? Spoke Tak coming down the spiral staircase. I saw his expression turned confused as he saw who was there. Wasting no time I stepped forward \"Alek has been kidnapped\"! Alek POV: The first thing I noticed was how cold I was. Fully regaining conciseness, I tried to sit up and regain some feeling in my weak lethargic limbs. Looking around the room I saw that I was in some kind of a cellar/basement. The floor was a dark cold cement, as were the walls and ceiling. There were no windows and the only light came from a weak half broken light fixture dangling crookedly from the ceiling. The bruises that were littered all over my body clearly showed that I had not been treated all that gently while I had been unconscious which made me fear all the more for what was to come. A rumbling in my stomach told me that I must have been out for a while, though something told me that I was not going to receive any five star meals anytime soon. After what seemed like hours later somebody finally came into my cell. It was one of cowboy's minions; he did not talk to me. He merely came into my cell and through down a plate of food down onto the ground before he turned around and walked right back out the door, before I had been able to say anything. Looking over at the food I was not all that thrilled. Dinner; or at least that is what I assumed this meal was, consisted of half of a dried roll, a small bowl of broth and the tiniest bit of water. Fearing that it would be poisoned I was apprehensive to eat what little food I received. After a while however, hunger took over and I figured that if these men wanted a good ransom then it would be in there best interest to keep me alive. The food was bland and not very filling but it was able to clench some of my growing hunger. I tried to eat slowly and conserve what little food I had but before I knew it I had gobbled up all of the bread and was finishing off the broth. The water did not last me all that long either. Time inched by slowly and each second seemed like an hour in this cold and damp cell. I was almost glad when cowboy's men came in and took me upstairs to see cowboy. I really needed to learn his name. My legs shook as I walked but I was determined not to show my fear. Taking a calming deep breath I prepared myself for what was ahead. Tak POV: I felt my heart stop in my chest as the little boy Max spoke those awful words. Suddenly, it occurred to me in the back of my head, why would the boy come to tell just specifically me this. Farra must have been thinking along the same lines for she asked just that. \"Well she is his wife isn't she\"? Max said impatiently, \"I figured that he would want to know so that he might help\"! I could hardly believe my ears! Just how had this boy who I had never met before this night, know my biggest secret. Judging by the look on Charlie's face he had no clue of this situation and was just as lost as we all were. \"Max\", he said gently, \"I know that you want to help Alek, but Tak Mashido is not married, I figured that you knew that\". \"But he is\"! Max replied, \"Alek, said so.\" That's how she saved me\"! \"Wait saved you\", I asked confused, \"What are you talking about\"? \"Max, why don't you start from the beginning\". Hoping that this was all some misunderstanding Charlie, Farra, and I all sat down and listened as Max told his tale. \"Well,\" Max began, \"Alek and I had met back at some motel when I was training ATOM to try and fight. She came over and talked to me before she headed off. She told me that ATOM had a chance and not to give up hope. She was the first person to believe in me and not think that I am completely crazy.\" \"When I saw Alek here in the Lemkova Suite I did not know what to think, but I did not really have a chance to ask.\" Here Max shot a look at his father, \"After the match I saw Alek walking around and I wanted to talk to her about the match. People, WRB officials, started crowding around us talking to my dad and Alek offered to watch me while he sorted everything out. Dad asked us to get some things from the car and so we headed outside\". I could see Max starting to become upset and knew that the worst part was soon coming. \"It was dark out and there was nobody else in sight, I was talking all about the match when suddenly some men came out of nowhere surrounding us. \" Alek asked what they wanted trying to get us away but the men just said that they wanted my dad and that he owed them some money\". I looked over at Charlie and saw that he had paled several shades. \"The men, they were going to try and take me for some ransom , but Alek told them she could get them all more money \". I felt a since of dread as Max said this for I knew Alek and Ialso knew that she would have done anything to try and keep this boy safe. \"They were confused at first not believing her; after all they had never seen her with Charlie before. But then she said something almost unbelievable, that she was your wife. Here Max looked straight at me before continuing, \"They all laughed at first not believing her at all, then she pulled out her cell phone and brought up a picture of her and Tak on their wedding day. Finally, they believed her and did not find her quite so funny anymore. They saw her as a quick way to become rich. Alek told me to run and I did for a few feet but then I turned around once I was hidden and watched what happened next. One of the men came up on Alek from behind and knocked her out and they then carried her away. I did not know what to do so I figure if anybody could help it would be her husband, Tak Mashido, so I came here as quickly as possible\". I felt my throat sink into my stomach as Max finished his tale. I felt physically sick thinking of Alek with those awful, vile men. I had to get her back. I could see Charlie over in the corner still trying to process all that he just heard and Farra sitting on the coach with her face frozen in shock. Though she did not often show it I knew that deep down Farra genuinely cared about Alek. \"Well\", Max said impatiently, \"What are we going to do\"?! The kid had a point there was no reason for us to just sit here in shock and sadness when Alek was out there needing to be recused from the most awful type of people! \"Snapping in to action I asked Max if he remembered anything about these men that could help us. Max thought about it for a moment before he answered me. \"It was really dark out so I could not really see much but I could tell that the main guy in the group was wearing a cowboy hat and spoke with a southern accent\". He finished triumphantly! Without too much kindness I turned to Charlie, \"Well does that ring a bell of anybody that you have just conveniently forgotten about while still owing them money\"! I asked sharply without much patience, he was the reason Alek was gone after all! I could see that Charlie noticed my not so nice tone but also that he knew that I had reason to be upset, \"Yea, I know who that is, I fought one of his robot down in Texas and lost quite a bit of money to him\" he finished looking down shamefully. \"I had no idea that he was so serious or that he would take things this far you have to believe me\" Charlie begged. I am so sorry and I will help you in any way I can, I am so gratefully for what your wife did to save my son.\" Seeing that it was useless to argue and hold a grudge at that moment I somewhat reluctantly accepted his help and set to work to get my wife back. A/N: Here it is the next chapter! I hope that everyone is enjoying the story so far and please I beg of you all please review! More reviews equals quicker updates![Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of the characters I just own Aleksandra. Aleksandra Chapter 7 Alek POV: Stepping into the brightly light room I felt a certain sense of dread wash over me when I saw cowboy sitting lazily at the far end of this open room wearing his classic cowboy hat and bolo tie. The room that I was brought into was almost like a meeting hall in its size. Its décor was interesting to say the least. It was filled with a number of artifacts from what I imagined was from rodeos and ranches all around the room, along with many stuffed animal heads and cow skulls littered around hung high up on the walls. What scared me most however, was the sly cruel grin that shaped cowboy's thin lips. \"Alek\"! He greeted me somewhat cheerfully, \"How nice to see you awake\"! Rudely with venom lacing my words I replied \"I don't recall that I was sleeping\". \"Ha-ha\", he chuckled to his men, \"Is she not a funny one\"! Grimacing, I figured that I had nothing to lose so I figured that there was no real reason to be all that polite here. \"Look dude, I am not here to make small talk, either tell me what you want or let me go back to my cell\"! Even though that was the last thing I wanted to do I refused to be some kind of entertainment to these vile men. I let out a gasp of surprise when one of cowboy's henchmen thru his oversized fist into my stomach. \"That is no way to talk to you superiors\"! He screamed at me. I was just about to yell back to him some not so nice don't say in front of your conservative grandmother things, when cowboy stood up out of his chair looking rather insane if I do say so myself. \"Boys, maybe we need to teach our new guest some manners, what do you think\"! Judging by the looks on all of their faces I got this feeling that I was not going to particularly like this lesson all that much. I was right. Tak POV: I was going crazy with worry! I did not know what to do! Charlie was on the phone talking to some of his \"friends\" to try and see if anybody knew where this man was going to be or where he was right now. I knew that this was the next step to take but I could just not stand to be sitting there waiting and doing nothing while Charlie made his calls. I could tell that Max felt the same way. \"Okay, thanks, bye\"! I heard Charlie end his latest phone call. My head shot up and I asked with no small amount of hope \"any luck\"? I could tell from the defeated look on his face that there was none but that did not stop me from wishing that I had read his expression wrong and that someone somewhere had come through with helpful information. \"Sorry, nothing so far, but I will keep trying\". Spoke Charlie with remorse. I wanted to be mad at him, yell that he should be trying harder, but all I felt was sheer exhaustion and pain. Pain that my wonderful, beautiful wife was gone and there was nothing that I could do about it. It had to be one of the worst feeling that I have ever experienced in my life! So I merely sighed and nodded my head at Charlie praying that he would find somebody soon who would be able to help us. What to do, what to do was all that ran through my sluggish tired brain. I had not slept a wink since I learned of Alek's abduction almost two days ago and it was starting to wear me out. Max had been trying to stay awake not wanting to miss anything but soon he was fast asleep on the couch curled up right next to Farra who was also fast asleep. Charlie, however, had not rested either since he heard the horrible news as he felt somewhat responsible for all that had happened and was determined to help. \"Tak, Charlie\" I heard a voice speak from over on the chair \"You two really should try and get some rest\" . It was Farra, I had not even noticed her wake up. Both of us opened our mouths to protest but Farra beat us to it. \"No, you two need to sleep have you looked at yourselves you are both look like zombies! Neither of you are any use to Alek if you cannot even focus\"! I knew that she was right, I just did not know how I could ever sleep when I knew Alek needed my help. But Farra was not giving up so easily and soon had both Charlie and I heading upstairs to try and get what little sleep that we could. We were at Alek and my house. After we heard the news we all came right here were we could work better than in the Lemkova Suite . I showed Charlie to one of our guest rooms first. As I turned around to leave he caught my arm \"Hey man we will find her\"! He said fiercely. \"Yeah, I replied I just hope that we won't be too late\". I replied turning around and heading to guest room myself for I just could not bear to sleep in our bed without Alek there next to me. Lying in bed I tried to force myself to sleep but it was no use, my mind just kept going thinking of all of the worst case scenarios. Finally, what seemed like hours later I drifted off into a restless slumber. DREAM: I was in some strange dark hall. I could think of nothing else to do but continue forward. At the end of this hallway there was a large thick cement door. Fearing slightly what was behind it I traveled cautiously inside. I let out a strangled cry as I looked in past the door. There on the wall bound and gagged was Alek. Wasting no time I ran to her side but I felt like I hit a wall half way there. I could not go any farther. Slowly and with what I could tell was a great deal of effort she raised her head and looked straight at me. Her normally bright blue eyes were blank and unseeing. \"Why, why aren't you helping me? Where are you\"? She cried out to me. Opening her mouth once more she then let out a strangled scratchy scream. I jumped thinking it was me that she was terrified of, but then I saw that she was not looking at me but behind me. Slowly, I turned around. There behind me was a man wear a cowboy hat with a drawling accent laughing evilly advancing in on Alek! I woke up with a start covered in sweat more determined than ever to find Alek, praying that my dream was just my imagination running wild and nothing more. I hurried downstairs to find that everyone was grabbing something to eat. \"Wow, you look awful\"! Farra exclaimed passing me some toast. \"Thanks\", I replied dryly you don't look so great yourself. In fact none of us did and only Max seemed to have any little bit of energy and even he was exhausted. But, tired as we all still were we were determined to make some kind of progress before the day was over. Charlie was back to making calls and Max was trying to remember anything that he could that would potentially help us out. I was off calling some people I knew in the WRB and robot fighting world to see if I could find anybody who knew anything about this man as well. Farra was doing the same. We were going to find her. I refused to let my mind think otherwise. A/N: Hi everyone! Here is the next chapter! I know that it is a little bit shorter than the last few but it is still just as good! Please please please all that read please review![Chapter 8] Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of its characters, I only own Aleksandra. Aleksandra Chapter 8 Alek POV: I let out a sharp gasp of pain as yet another meaty oversized fist was rammed into the sensitive flesh of my stomach. Apparently cowboy's oh so \"brilliant\" idea of teaching me respect was to continually hit me again and again until I finally gave in and did as he wished. Not one part of my body did not scream and ache in some form of pain but I was not about to give in to this terrible man, I would rather die first. Just when I actually began to think that this was actually a very real possibility cowboy called off his goons and I was dragged harshly back to my oh so lovely cell. NOT! On the way back I supported absolutely none of my own weight as the men dragged me roughly by my arms; this at least made it less pleasant for the men since I was heavier and harder to drag this way. All too soon we reached my cell and I was roughly thrown inside. For a moment I could not even move, taking in and evaluating all of my brand new and fresh painful injuries. It felt as though every inch of my pale skin was covered in a sickly bright bruise, though I did not have the energy to check. I had wrongly assumed that since I was here for ransom that they might have not used me for their own personal punching bag. I was severely mistaken. They weren't going to stop anytime soon either, I could tell from the sick satisfaction they received from there little game how every punch, every cry of pain brought them some excitement. Whatever happened to not hitting a girl? I guess these men had never heard of this common curtsy. Time ticked by and still nobody came. I was beginning to relax a bit hoping that they decided to leave me alone for the remainder of the night, but I was also becoming quite worried for I had not received any food for what felt like forever, and I was quite hungry. I was trying to figure out the lesser of the two evils, not eating or seeing the men again when my cell door swung open. Bracing myself I unconsciously curled myself up into a tight ball holding my legs tight against my chest. My fears thankfully went unneeded as nobody even set foot in the room. A small plate food, the same as before, was slid into the cell. Painfully I dragged myself over to the food and began eating not even stopping to consider if it was poisoned or not. I was too sore and tired, to care at the moment. I am sure that I would think of it later and scold myself for being so careless but right now all I could stand to do was focus on bringing, what I believed to be broken fingers, to my mouth putting the food in, chewing, and swallowing. It was unpleasant and the food was awful but it was food none the less. I really hoped that Tak was on his way soon. I do not know how long I can stand to be like this. Hurt everyday with little to none food. Hurry Tak! Tak POV: Groaning I hit my head against the wooden table. We were no closer now to finding Alek then we had been when we started. It was like this man had simply disappeared off the face of the earth which would have quite honestly been okay with me if Alek was not with him! I felt physically and mentally ill. We were running out of options but worse yet we were running out of time. I did not know what to do, none of us seemed to. We had called everybody, had checked everywhere we could come up with. Suddenly Max shot straight up out of his chair exclaiming \"I have an idea\"! Farra POV: I was still in somewhat of shock. Alek was kidnapped. All because that man Charlie could not keep in his mind who he all owed money to! I must admit that I am not always the nicest most caring person in the world to Alek, but I do genially care for her. She makes Tak happy, gives him something else to live for then just his robots. Before she came into his life Tak was just an empty shell of a person. Once Alek came in to his life it was like he transformed into a completely different person. I saw him smile for the first time and he actually talked to people not just when he absolutely had to. He had better ideas for Zeus as well. I honestly do not know or want to know what will happen to him if we do not find Alek in time. But I can imagine that it would not be good. We had to find her and fast but we were all running out of ideas. Then out of the corner of my eye I saw Max shoot up from the chair he was in and practically scream \"I have an idea\"! Charlie POV: You cannot imagine how completely terrible I felt that Alek was in this position. I felt solely responsible. If only I had not made that bet that I was unable to win, none of us would be in this position and Tak would not be at risk for never seeing his wife again. Of course I am beyond grateful of what this; well stranger to me at least, did for Max. I do not know what I would do if he was taken. I had really started to care for the boy and I could not imagine my life without him. I am sure I would feel something like how Tak is feeling right about now. Determined to make this right I set out with all I had to try find this Alek. However, I was quickly running out of avenues to check it seemed as if she had merely disappeared off of the face of the earth. Just as I was beginning to lose hope Max shot up straight out of his chair with barley contained excitement and shouted \"I have an idea\"! Max POV: Curled up in the plush chair in Alek's home I let out a long sigh. Alek risked everything to save me and now we could not even seem to think of a good way to save her. Every second that ticked by that I was snug and warm in HER home she was off who knows where with some awful people. Her husband, Tak Mashido, (I still cannot believe that!) was exhausting himself trying everything possible to find his wife who I could tell he loved with all of his heart. The poor man looked absolutely heart broken, and lost. I don't know what will happen to him if we do not find Alek and soon. What can we do! Sighing again I returned to thinking of possible ways to help. Then I got it. I don't know if it would work but the plan was better than just sitting around calling people. This had a big chance of working, I just hoped with all my heart that it would. So I decided to go for it and announced to everyone \"I have an idea\"! A/N: Happy New Year everybody! This is a slightly shorter more of a filler and connecting chapter but I hope that you still enjoy it! Next chapter we hear all about Max's plan and there attempt at a rescue! I hope everyone has started 2013 on a good foot and are looking forward to the New Year! Please everyone Read and Review! I cannot tell you how much it means to me to read your reviews![Chapter 9] Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of its characters, I only own Aleksandra. Aleksandra Chapter 9 Max POV: \"Well we know that this guy likes to make money and that he likes a good fight right? Well, why we don't give him a fight that would spark his interest. Draw him in, give him something that he just cannot resist betting on and seeing. People have told us that he likes to bet on the matches so why don't we have one of our guys out front taking the bets and when this man comes along they find out his seat placement\". I finished triumphantly! \"That might just work\", muttered Farra, \"but how do we know that he will show up to the match\"? \"We give him a match that he cannot resist, the match of the century\", I replied mysteriously. \"And just what would that be\", Inquired Charlie curiously. Smiling I replied with a grin \"The match everyone is hoping for the great Zeus verses ATOM\"! Tak POV: It was a shocking but great idea. It just might be the plan we need to recuse Alek. One thing that I personally found especially weird was that these men took Alek supposedly for a ransom, so why haven't I received any demands yet? This worried me greatly. But no matter, now was not the time to be worrying about such things. We had a plan and that was a step in the right direction. Farra agreed and shockingly without hesitation, to allow Zeus to fight ATOM saying that they could stage as some sort of publicity stunt and that it would not seem odd at all since she had been receiving many requests for a Zeus, ATOM fight. For the first time in days I began to feel that incredible surge of hope even though I knew that it was too soon to know what would happen. In considerably better spirits we all set of to work with a new vigor in each step that we took. Calling the WRB we began the process to set up what would be known as the fight of the century. Alek POV: Coughing weakly I attempted to sit up. I knew that several days had passed that I had been held a prisoner in this cell. My food intake was becoming less and less as time went on. No longer did I receive half of the crummy stale roll along with the bland broth. I missed that half of a roll like you would not imagine, I never thought that I would ever want that terrible tasteless roll so much. I was weakening from the lack of food that I was receiving but also from the daily beatings I was given. No matter how hard they hit or how bad it hurt I would not give into their wishes and demands, besides it was becoming easier to lose myself in the pain and forget where I was. I was nothing but skin and bones which offered me little to no protection against the drafty cold cell. I was so weak; I was barely able to eat the small amounts of food that I was given. It took all of my will to force my broken, blue fingers to lift the bowl up to my sore chapped lips and drink the bland broth that I was given. My fingers shook so bad as I did so that it was a wonder that I did not drop the little broth I was given and have to suffer watching it spill and spread all over the hard cement floor beneath me. My cell door creaked open and I shuddered as some of cowboys goons came in and dragged me out. Now I truly could not support my own weight and it was not an act to try and make this harder for the men, though I supposed that I weighed so little now that it was no difficult task. My eyes hurt as we came up out from the basement area and I was exposed to a sudden burst of bright light. On the other side of the room stood cowboy. I was dropped unceremoniously at his feet, crumbling to the ground. I hated how weak I had become, not even able to stand in front of this man to show him that he did not have complete control over me. \"Well, well, well, don't you look absolutely terrible this fine afternoon\", He said mockingly, \"Such a fine day for another one of my wonderful lessons\"! \"Why, why are you doing this to me\"? I asked weakly, \"I thought that you just wanted money, a ransom. Why go to all this trouble wasting your energy to torture me\" He smiled back at me in a menacing way, \"Well what fun would it be if we did not have some fun, and don't you just love these lessons\"! \"Yeah there just wonderful\", I replied with no small amount of sarcasm. \"I knew that you would see things my way\"! He laughed. Let us not waste any more time talking…..boys let the fun began. What seemed like hours later cowboy knelt down and whispered into my ear. \"You know this can all end, it is quite simple really all that you have to do submit to me. Recognize me as your superior, as your master. Mustering up what little energy I had spit square in his arrogant face saying with as much power that I could muster \"I will never submit to such a lowly arrogant self-centered jerk as yourself who feels powerful by beating up people\". He backed away his eyes darkening, \"you just don't know when to give up do you\", he spoke in a dark tone kicking me roughly in the stomach, breaking what I believed to be a rib. This treatment continued on for a while longer before I was once again dragged back to my cell. It was not long before I blacked out from the pain. My last thoughts were of Tak and how much that I loved him. Tak POV: Everything was soon in place and the match was set to happen tonight. It had been close to three days since we had put our plan into action, amazingly even with the short notice tickets were sold out within hours, everyone was talking about the match even people who could care less about robot fighting. It was the perfect draw to lure this man in. Charlie had one of his friends taking bets on the match out in the front as he watched for a man matching Max's description. Max and Charlie were off preparing ATOM and Farra and I we off to make our grand entrance into the arena. Sliding a cool façade onto my face I followed behind Farra taking my seat in the audience right in the front row. All I had to do now was wait and pray that this man feel into our trap. The crowd roared and the lights dimmed as the match began. I had never seen a crowd so excited before to watch a match, there excitement was nearly infectious and if I had not been so terribly worried about Alek I might have been just as excited as the people up in the crowd. What Alek would think, to be down here in the arena in the mist of all of these fans. She always did want to watch the matches from the arena, how she would have loved this. Thinking about it just made my heart hurt more and the desire for our plan to succeed grow stronger than ever before. The match went on lasting quite a lot longer than I ever would have expected, we were in the final round, the round before it went to the judges. I was so shocked! This had never happened before in a Zeus battle! I could see that Farra was furious. It made Zeus look weak to be losing to such a small and amateur opponent. \"Do something\"! Farra hissed into my ear. At this point I really did not care what happened in the match I just wanted it to end so we could see if the trap worked, but I also did not want my masterpiece to be made a laughing stock in the robot world if he was taken down by this tiny bot. Standing up from my seat I kicked the tech dudes out of their seats at the head Zeus's controls and took over myself switching the controls to manual. I could practically feel the shock of the arena as my move became known. No longer was it robot against robot but man against man as Charlie fought for ATOM and I fought for Zeus. Here however, I was at a disadvantage Zeus was not as limber for this type of fighting and I was fighting with control sticks not my own moments as Charlie was. We were fairly evenly matched with each of us landing a fair amount of hits on each other. Then the loud bell clanged throughout the arena signaling the end of the match. I was in shock! For the first time in Zeus's career the win would go to the judges to decide. Farra was not happy. That was an understatement. Max on the other hand was beyond thrilled and it maybe me smile to see the boy who Alek risked everything for happy. I had won plenty of matches and WRB titles it did not mean near as much to me as it did to this young boy, so while my pride had suffered a blow I still found it in me to be happy for the boy. However, I do not feel as though Farra came to the same conclusion. As expected Zeus still came out as the WRB champion, there was too much money and power behind him for him not to win and the judges knew it to. I could tell by their reactions that Max and Charlie had come to the same conclusion. When Farra was asked to comment she almost was booed off the stage. Max however, came up to the microphone surrounded by cheers and applause. I was glad when I heard that ATOM was up for the people's champion. At least he will have won something after all! I could see behind the thrilling excitement in Charlie and Max's eyes and the distain in Farra's that they like me just wanted to get out of the arena and check on out plan. It took a while longer for everyone to be off the stage and through the throng of reporters but soon we were all behind the arena where we had agreed to meet Charlie's friend for the news on the plan. I could barely contain my nerves as we waited. I nearly let out a scream of excitement as the men came around the corner dragging a man in a cowboy hat and became even more excited when Max whispered to Charlie, that's him, that's the man who took Alek. As much as I just wanted to make this man feel all of the hurt that I had been feeling I kept my distance for fear of what I would do; besides the man was unconscious anyway. Charlie's friend whose name I remembered was Nick, spoke up. \"He came right away. Wanted to make some huge bet that ATOM would not even make it out of the first round. My men grabbed him soon after\". I saw Max beaming out of the corner of my eye. Probably partially from the fact that his plan worked and that ATOM caused the man to lose his bet. It was not all that hard to make him talk let me tell you he sang like a bird after a bit of \"friendly\" encouragement. \"So you know where she is \"! I inquired anxiously. \"Yep\" Nick replied, \"some house a bit out of the town, he did not go far\". \"Well\", Charlie spoke up, \"shall we make our way down to the police station to tell them about this wonderful \"unexpected\" discovery and present them with this soon to be convicted criminal!\" I was barely able to contain my excitement on the way to the police station; we were finally going to get Alek back. We had contacted the police at the beginning of our search but they had not been all that much help so we had taken matters into our own hands. Once we arrived we quickly explained our discovery's to the detective on the case and he quickly arrested cowboy and assembled a team that was to go out and rescue Alek. The officer agreed to allow both Charlie and I to go with them on the recuse mission. Soon everything was set and we were on our way. I willed the car to go faster as we traveled down the dirt roads towards the house were Alek was. I just hoped with all of my heart that we were not too late. Alek POV: Every now and then I was able to feel myself falling in and out of consciousness. I was certain that I was either dead or dreaming when I heard my name being screamed out above me as if someone was trying to find me. I let out a cry when I hear Tak's distinctive voice calling my name. Praying that this was real I tried to call out to him but I just had no energy left to yell and all that came out was a pitiful whisper and my cry for help died on my lips. It was torture imagining that help was so close and I was not able to guide them to my body. I just had enough time to see my horrid cell door swing open and someone run to my side before I passed out once more knowing that I was safe. Tak POV: Running as fast as humanly possible into the home I screamed out Alek's name again and again. The few remaining men of cowboy's desperately tried to flee as we came running in but were quickly arrested by the surrounding officers. Dashing room to room I searched for Alek, feeling the same crushing sadness each time when I did not see her there. Throwing open the next door I saw steps that led down into what I believed was the basement. One of the officers ran over to me holding a key in his hand. \"One of the guys had this key on him I am assuming that she is locked in where ever they have her\", he told me. Taking the key I ventured down into the basement with Charlie following close behind me. Downstairs it was as though we were in the dungeons. I no longer had any doubt that Alek would be down here. Going door to door we tried the key again and again but it would not fit in any of the locks. Soon there was just one door left at the very end of the hall. Nervous to try it for fear of failure, I was hesitant to put the key in the lock. I let out a cry of relief and joy when I turned the key and heard the lock click. That joy quickly turned to horror as I looked inside. There was Alek alright but she looked close to death and I feared that she might already be there. Running over to her side I took her into my arms yelling to Charlie to go and find the paramedics who were with us. She was so light, lighter then I had ever seen her before. It did not take me long to figure out why. It looked as though she had lost a considerable amount of weight more then she could bear to have lost. The body which I held tightly to me was nothing but bones. Her face was gaunt and there were deep dark shadows around her eyes, along with a wide variety of large purplish bruises. I let out a cry when as her shirt came up. Her midsection was filled with bruises and small painful cuts, not to mention that I was able to count every single one of her ribs. Looking down at her face I noticed a wetness on her cheek. With a jolt I realized that it was my own tears steadily streaming down my face. I barely noticed the paramedics running into the room, kneeling down beside me. I felt them trying to take Alek from me but I refused to let go, I was in such a fog and panic that I could not comprehend that they were needed to help Alek survive right at this moment. Vaguely I felt hands grab me from behind and gently but firmly drag me back away from Alek allowing the paramedics access to her small, damaged body. I realized that it was Charlie. I sagged down into his arms losing the adrenaline that had been driving me since I had joined Alek's rescue mission. I watched in a daze as Alek, the love of my life, was unresponsive as she was loaded onto a board and taken out of the room up to where the ambulance waited ready to rush to the hospital. Following the paramedics up the stairs and out the door I attempted to also follow them into the ambulance itself but was told that there was no more room for another adult in the back. Rushing over the truck I through open the driver's door and yelled with frustration when I realized that I did not have the keys! I felt a tap on my shoulder and I turned around annoyed and ready to take out all of my anger and frustration on the poor soul who dared to interrupt my thoughts. I gave a start when I saw that said person was Charlie, dangling a shiny set of keys from his finger. Silently he stepped into the car, Shutting the passenger door, he handed me the keys. Wasting no time I shoved the keys into the ignition thrilled as the car roared to life! Slamming my foot down on the pedal I speed off after the ambulance driving way over the legal limit, I just prayed that I would run into no cops in the way. Soon we had caught up to the ambulance and stayed on its tail all the way to the emergency entrance at the hospital. Sliding into a parking spot I sprinted into the hospital after my wife. I had barely made it three feet before I was stopped by nurses and doctors alike telling me that I was not allowed any farther. I tried to explain to them that, that was my wife who I loved more than life itself in there and that I just had to be with her, but they were not swayed by my pleas and I was against my will escorted out into the waiting room where all I could do was exactly what the name entailed; wait. A/N: Hi everyone! Well there you have it the rescue! Hope that you all enjoyed this chapter! Thank you to everyone who has taken the time so far to review and I ask that everyone who reads this story does the same! Please everyone review! It means so much to me! Thanks for reading I hope to be able to update soon![Chapter 10] Disclaimer: I do not own or have any rights to any of the Real Steel trademarks or characters. I only own Aleksandra. Aleksandra Chapter 10 (Tak POV) I was in daze. Pacing back and forth across the starch white waiting room floor, I waited anxiously for any news. Max along with Farra had joined both Charlie and I in the waiting room at some point along the way but to be honest I had hardly noticed. Every second that ticked by without any news felt like an eternity. It was taking too long; we should have heard something by now. Even though I knew better, I could not help but think of all the worst possibilities. I felt a hand rest on my shoulder and turned around to see Charlie. \"Hey man, why don't you take a seat\". He told me gently, \"Farra, and I are going to head down to the cafeteria and try and find some semi eatable food for us to eat, do you want us to get you anything\"? Even though I knew that logically I should be hungry and eat I just could not even bare to think about eating any type of food, just the mere thought made my stomach queasy. So without much consideration I shook my head no. \"You cannot give him a choice Charlie\", Farra interjected, \"Tak we are going to go down to the cafeteria and we are going get some food and you are going to eat it whether you want to or not\"! And with that she marched out of the waiting room with Charlie trailing not far behind her. After a while I did finally relent and sit down next to Max giving the floor a well needed break from all of my pacing. Taking in a deep breath I took in the room in which I sat. Tired, sad, exhausted people surrounded me on all sides. Some were crying, some looked to be in shock and others simply looked defeated. Suddenly I felt extremely overwhelmed. So much sadness and despair, all in one room, it was suffocating. But, there was also a since of hope that lifted you up coming from people who refused to give up on their loved ones. There were the mothers that were trying to keep their children's spirits high, older siblings calming the younger ones worries, and then there were children who attempted there best to lighten the mode. In that moment I was determined to be one of those people, someone who gave other hope when they could find none. Alek was strong and I refused to give up hope on her. With a new attitude and perspective I sat up just a little straighter and raised my head just a little higher. Much to my dismay Farra and Charlie returned with plenty of food to go around and I was given no option but to eat what the substances which were put in front of me. It was hours later before we heard any kind of news. Finally, after what seemed like five eternities to me a doctor approached are small little group. I looked up at him with wide and hopeful eyes searching his face for any kind of clue on what he was about to say. I must say I did not like what I interpreted. \"Aleksandra is out of surgery, but she is still in a very serious condition\", he began carefully, \"She suffered from multiple broken bones including many of her ribs and several of her fingers. Along with that she is severely malnourished and dehydrated, her vitals have stabled out for the moment but she is still far from being recovered, these next 24 hours are going to be critical for our knowledge on what her recovery will be\". I felt nauseated hearing all that had happened to Alek \"When can I see her\"? I asked quickly wasting no time. \"Well due to her condition and the fact that she is still in the ICU only immediate family members are allowed to visit her at the moment\". He responded, \"You, being her husband are considered immediate family, however, friends are not\". He finished looking directly at Max, Charlie, and Farra. I hesitated, not wanting to leave behind the very people that had been there for me and that had played an instrumental part in Alek's rescue. At the same time I could not imagine being away from my beloved wife's bedside for a second longer then I had to be. Farra, appearing to sense my internal struggle stood up and placed her hand on my shoulder. \"Go on, go see your wife, we will all be fine here\" She told me gently. Charlie and Max nodded behind her rapidly in agreement, \"Go on, tell us how she is doing and send her our love and our hope\"! It struck me a little odd on just how caring Farra was being, I guess that she cared more for Alek then she liked to be known. Smiling shakily, I told them my thanks and followed the doctor back into the ICU. I found myself growing nervous as we neared Alek's room. Questions started popping into my head a mile a minute. What would she think, will she forgive me for not finding her sooner..? Question after question scenario after scenario ran through my head as we walked through the stark white hallways of the hospital. Eventually we stopped outside a room. The blinds were drawn but somehow I just knew that my Alek was behind that door. I made a move towards the handle when I felt a hand rest upon my arm. It was Alek's doctor. \"Before you go in there I have to warn you, she is in pretty bad shape, I think that it is your best interest that you begin to prepare yourself for the worst\". My heart sank as he said these words and all I could do was nod my head in shock and disbelief. \"Come on\", he nodded towards the door, \"Let's go and see your wife\". Stepping by me he reached down and opened the door. Cautiously, for fear of what I might see I stepped inside. A cry of dismay slipped past my lips as I laid eyes on my wife. There she lay, stiff in a hospital bed attached to numerous machines and monitors. She was covered in thick white bandages and bruises marred her soft, ivory skin. I swallowed down the lump that was quickly forming in my throat sure that I was going to break into tears right then and there. The doctor was talking to me about her condition, but I was in such a daze that I was not processing a single word that he was saying. I really tried to listen, focus, but my eyes kept wandering back to Alek's still form lying in the bed before me. Vaguely I heard the doctor tell me that he would be back later to check on Alek and to just press the button at the head of her bed if I needed any emergency assistance, or to press the red button if I needed a nurse. The door slid opened and then closed, we were all alone. I made my way over to her bedside and pulled over one of the hard plastic chairs to sit on. Taking one of her cold hands in mine I let the tears I had been holding in fall. Soon I was all out sobbing, letting out all of the pain I had been feeling. I felt the overwhelming urge to have someone there with me, help me through this, someone who could be strong when I could not, but the one person who I could trust with my feelings was lying motionless in the bed before me. I have no idea just how much time had passed before Alek's doctor returned. With him he brought good news telling me that Alek's vitals were stable enough that she could be moved out of the ICU and into one of the inpatient rooms! The hospital team went right to work, unhooking IV's and preparing Alek for travel. I just stood awkwardly off to one side not really sure what to do but refusing to let Alek leave my sight. Following the team out of the room, we all crowded onto one elevator. I watched one of the men push floor 6 and the elevator jolted to life carrying us up. Feeling slightly claustrophobic I willed the elevator to move faster up the floors! Feeling no same amount of relief as we exited I elevator I proceed to walk down the white halls as I followed Alek's bed. We stopped right in front of the door near the end of the hallway which bore Alek's name. She was moved from the travel bed into the bed that lay in the room and re-hooked up to all of the machines and IV's. This room was by far nicer coming with a couch, a plush chair, and its own personal bathroom with a shower!Not even to mention the large TV that was mounted across from the bed. I was somewhat saddened by all of this for you could tell that this room was made for someone who was expected to stay for awhile. Thanking all of the nurses and doctors who brought Alek up on their way out of the door, I took my cell phone from my pocket and scrolled through all of my contacts before I reached the number I was searching for. Pressing the green call button I only needed to wait a few moments before I heard Farra's distinctive voice came over the line. \"Hello\" \"Hey, I just wanted to let you guys know that Alek has been moved out of the ICU and up to the impatient room so you all can come visit her if you would like to, she is in room 635 on the sixth floor\". I could hear the excitement in her voice as she told me they were on their way and would be up momentarily before promptly hanging up the phone. She was right, for it was only three minutes later when the trio waltzed through the doorway. I watched as their faces were quickly stripped of all color as they laid eyes on Alek's form. Shaking himself out of his bewilderment Charlie walked over and put a hand on my shoulder \"Hey, man how you holding up\"? I just shook my head; Charlie seemed to understand and did not question me any farther. We all sat in silence for a good amount of time before Max spoke up. \"It's not fair, why does someone like Alek get to be in this position when the very people that did this to her are healthy and fit probably not even caring about what will happen to Alek\". I had thought the same things myself numerous times but before I could answer Max the door opened and in walked Alek's doctor. He walked over to Alek and took her vital signs while asking us if there was any sign that she was waking up. I told him no, and I suspected he could see my disappointment and frustration for he assured me that everyone wakes from the anesthesia at different times. With that he walked out leaving us all alone with our thoughts once more. Sighing in frustration and defeat I re-took Alek's hand in mine. \"Alek, love, if you can hear me please send us a sign, something to let us know that we still have you with us, please\". Nothing, exhaling deeply I moved to let go of Alek's hand and grab a water when something stopped me. (Alek's POV) I felt as though I was floating, swimming in darkness and solitude It was so peaceful, after all the pain and suffering I welcomed this numbness with no hesitation. Something new was here though, something that had not been here when I had entered this place. It was a feeling of love and safety. Struggling I endeavored to move closer to this wonderful, blissful feeling. It always seemed to be just out of reach, just always out of my grasp. After much struggle and no small amount of determination I managed to reach this feeling after sometime and surround myself in it. It hit me like a ton of bricks. Tak, that's what I was feeling, he must be here with me, fighting for me In that moment I knew that I had to fight with all that I had left in me, I had to find my way back to my love. Focusing all of my will power on escaping this darkness I began to work my way out of the blackness that surrounded me. With every effort I grew weaker, every part of me was telling me to give up and embrace the darkness. But, somehow I found the strength with in me to carry on and continue fighting. I was becoming more aware of my surroundings; I could feel Tak's strong calloused hand on mine. I could do this. With one last final push I gave it all I had, and opened my eyes to the bright lights and the world around me. (Tak POV) A low moan caught my attention. It was so quite that I believed I had hallucinated it in my exhausted but I could not help the small feeling of hope which bubbled up inside if me. Turning back to Alek I nearly screamed with joy as I saw her eye lids fluttering, struggling to open. \"Alek, love can you hear me\"? \"Tak\"? She rasped out weakly. She responded! She really was awake and that was the only thing in the universe that mattered at that moment. By this point we had caught the attention of Charlie, Farra, and Max and they all hustled over quickly wanting to see for themselves that Alek was really and truly awake. \"Hey guys, what's up\"? Alek questioned with a grin clearly trying not to show the pain that she was in. Max practically went to throw himself into her arms before remembering her injuries and promptly stopping himself. The reunion lasted a few moments longer before we thought to call a nurse to alert Alek's doctor of her awakening. Her doctor came in mere moments later obviously happy to see Alek awake and even sitting up a little. After running his usual rounds and checks he stepped back with a smile, announcing to us that everything was healing nicely and it looked as though Alek would make a full recovery some day soon! We were all thrilled to hear this! After the doctor left so did Farra, Max and Charlie to grab Alek some clothes from home and to give the two of us a bit of space alone together. Moving onto the spot next to Alek in the bed I gathered Alek up into my arms. The two of just lay there for a good while before Alek spoke. \"What happened to them, the men who took me\"? I could hear the fear in her voice as she spoke even though she tried her best to hide it. \"There locked up now, they shall never hurt you again\". (Alek POV) The relief that I felt as Tak spoke those words was indescribable. Finally this nightmare was over. Snuggling deeper into Tak's strong arms I felt tremendous amount of security and warmth. We would make it through this though I really doubted that our secret would be able to survive such publicity that this event was sure to bring. But for now this was nothing to worry about, all that mattered at this moment was Tak. For the first time in weeks I finally felt that everything would truly be okay. THE END A/N: Well there you have it that is the end. Do you think that I should add an epilogue? Please tell me what you think! Criticism is very much appreciated! I would like to thank all of those who have stuck with me throughout this story![Chapter 11] Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or any of the characters or trademarks. I only own Aleksandra. Epilogue: (10 years later) \"Mommy, mommy, guess what\"! Yelled my five year old daughter as she ran into the house and up into my arms. \"What\"! I asked her smiling brightly. \"I have the lead role in the upcoming dance! I am going to be the butterfly!\" I could practically feel the excitement radiating off of my daughter as she grinned ear to ear shaking with happiness. \"Really! That is so exciting! You know what, we should celebrate! How about after dinner I make you a giant ice cream sundae with the toppings of your choice, my butterfly\"! \"YES! Ha-ha Luke I get ice cream, I get ice cream\"! She taunted her older brother of two years, jumping up out of my arms and running over to him. Glaring at her mischievously he responded by swinging her around and tickling her playfully! Chuckling at their playful antics I went to grab the camera to capture this Kodak moment, when the door swung open. Walking in just now through the door juggling both Gabi's (Short for Gabriella) dance bag and Luke's soccer bag was my husband Tak! Laughing at his struggle I walked over and relieved him of some of his load. \"Thanks\" he said breathlessly. I tried my best not to laugh at his appearance, but really I just could not help it. The usually sleek, composed Tak Mashido stood before me with disheveled hair, untied shoes, a half buttoned coat which you could tell was thrown on in a hurry, and to top it off a very disgruntled expression. \"That is the last time that I am all alone with both Luke and Gabby for a night overlapping night of sports\"! He spoke with finality plopping down on the couch in exhaustion. \"Ha now you see how I feel\"! I spoke with a grin sitting down next to him. \"I have no idea how you do it every week! Your amazing; my hero\"! \"Yeah, nice try but don't think that you will never have to take both of them to sports again\". I told him humorously. \"Well it was worth a try\" \"By all means, keep the compliments coming! I really have nothing against that\"! I told him mischievously. \"Well, my beautiful, gorgeous, brilliant wife, if I were to complement you for all of your outstanding strengths and wonderful qualities we would be here all day and night\"! He spoke huskily pulling me into his lap and kissing me deeply. \"EWWWW, gross screeched our kids across the room; that is so so gross\"! Laughing we separated from each other, standing up and headed over to our two wonderful children, leading them into the kitchen so that we could eat the dinner that I had prepared while they were out and about. As promised after we ate Gabi was gifted with her giant sundae which she filled with all sort of things including, but not limited to, chocolate chips, caramel, whipped cream and cherries! Then it was off to bed for the two of them. Really, I loved my kids but, it was a relief when they were in bed for the evening and Tak and I had some us time. Our secret had been out for years now; it had been impossible to keep it away from the press after the incident and was easier to just tell the world. After so many years of pretending not to be his wife it felt so strange yet lovely to do the simple couple things in public. Things such as holding hands while walking down the street or a quick kiss goodbye. Both Tak and I were quite determined however, to keep our kids from the spotlight. Luke is currently attending a private school that was founded for famous children to attend without all of the added attention from classmates. Gabi would also start there coming up this next fall. Lying down on our plush soft bed I exhaled deeply letting out some of the pain I had been feeling throughout the day show. It had been exactly 10 years to this day that I had been taken Max's place and was tortured by the vilest of men. Not a day goes by that I don't look at my beautiful children and wonder if Tak had found me just a day later if they or even I would be here. We do still keep in touch with Max and Charlie. In fact we named Charlie godfather to Luke and Max to Gabi. ATOM still competes in the WRB circuit but more for special shows and events and less to compete now days. Beneath me I felt the bed shift slightly as Tak lay down next to me and pulled me in to his strong arms. I had been so lost in thought I had not even noticed him come in. Snuggling deep into his chest the two of us just laid there for a while content and happy. While the physical wounds had long since healed from that time I feared that the emotional ones never would. I knew without a doubt however, that Tak would always be there for me helping me through any rough patches and being strong when I could not. \"I love you\", I felt him whisper into the top of my head. \"I love you to\", and with that we fell asleep secure in one another's arms knowing that no matter what happened in the future we would always have each other. The End A/N: Well there you have it! I cannot believe that I have finished this story! I hope that everyone enjoyed reading it and I would like to thank all of the readers who have stuck with me throughout the process of this story and encouraged me. One final time I ask for you to please tell me what you think about this story. I would love to hear people critique on not only the epilogue but the story in a whole, so that I can improve on future writing! Thanks for reading. ","Summary":" A/N: in this story Tak Mashido is married to Aleksandra who goes by Alek however, only Farra Lemkov"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Tales From the Parts Shop","Author":"Teacup Countess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13179871","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- This tale is my take on the Parts shop gang. Rating is for mild dark themes. 1- If It Ain't Got that Swing (The Phonograph) Velma winced at the bright light. Her mistress had just yanked her cover off. This could mean only thing. Mistress had company. And what soiree would be complete without music? Two men in tuxedos lifted the phonograph off the table and carried her into the ballroom. They gently lowered her onto another table. Across a team of maids set up the refreshment table. The Mistress was right by the entrance, talking with a couple other ladies. One of the men tapped her on the shoulder. \"Gregory, why don't you play some music?\" She handed the butler (Velma could only assume that's what he was) a record. Velma wished she could read. The butler strode over and slid the record onto her turntable. He lowered the needle. The dulcet sounds of Duke Ellington filled the room. A twelve-year old boy dashed through the crowd, headed for the refreshment table. Mistress suddenly spotted him. \"Ricky, have you finished studying?\" The boy nodded. \"Sure, Mom.\" He gave a smile, the kind one only makes if they're lying. \"All right,\" Mistress replied. She walked away, perhaps to talk to more people. Ricky crammed a couple cream puffs into his mouth. The lyrics still rang in her mind. \"It don't mean a thing... if it ain't got that swing...\" Velma murmured. Her audience just stared at her. \"And?\" the cassette tape player (Cassius) asked. He moved one of his tapes as if to say, \"Go on?\" Velma shook, breaking herself out of the reverie. \"and then it happened...\" Velma sat in the attic by the window. It had been a full ten years since her last use. Mistress was in the yard, talking with a pair of uniformed (as in military) men. Velma moved closer to the window, trying to determine what they were saying. Rodney, an antique radio, took the opportunity to dash up the attic steps. \"Velma, have you heard?\" Velma turned in the direction. \"What's going on?\" Rodney paused and played a broadcast. \"307 Allied troops killed in the battle of Midway.\" Rodney pointed at a man limping towards the house. \"Our boy Ricky was one of the lucky ones.\" Velma got a better look at Ricky. \"Got away from battle with a leg missin'.\" Velma sighed. \"He was lucky. I was not.\" \"What do you mean?\" a very cranky pencil sharpener (Sharpe) asked. \"I was in the attic, needle deep in dust!\" Velma explained. \"And it only got worse.\" It was 1985, the day Mistress passed away. Two young men combed through her possessions. Velma saw them pick up Rodney. The old radio had long since stopped working. His last broadcast was something about beetles. \"What're we gonna do with this?\" one man said to the other. \"Sell it to an antiques market.\" His friend said. The second man approached the window. Velma sat there, nearly buried in dust. \"What's this?\" He fished a handkerchief out of his pocket and wiped some of the dust off. The first man dropped Rodney in a box. \"It looks like an old record player.\" Velma felt herself being lifted off the windowsill. \"Wonder if this thing still works.\" The men carried her down the attic steps and towards the front door. Where were they taking her? She wondered. She found herself being shoved into the backseat of a car. The two men got into the front seats and drove off. Velma stayed put, still stunned that someone found her. \"Hey, Bill, know anyone that can get this thing working?\" The passenger asked. \"Let's give St. Peters a shot,\" Bill replied. \"My mom buys stuff from him a lot.\" The car parked in front of a shop. Velma felt herself being pulled out of the backseat and dragged inside the shop. A fat balding man stood in front of the counter, cleaning off a screwdriver. \"Oh, a customer!\" He said. Bill suddenly, and quite ungraciously, dropped Velma on the table. Velma was surprised her wooden base didn't crack. \"Hey, can you get this to work?\" he asked. Mr. St. Peters chuckled. \"Of course. I'll take it to the back room and see what I can do.\" The ceiling lamp overhead gave a slight chuckle. \"Oh, yes, Velma had quite the first impression.\" \"I was getting to that part. Hold on.\" \"I apologize. I'm getting a little ahead of myself.\" Velma opened her eyes. She was sitting on a shelf, surrounded by dismembered and broken appliances. She shivered. Did something move? The ceiling lamp seemed to lower itself. A lamp without its shade twitched. \"They're sentient, like me...\" Velma whispered to herself. She shouldn't be surprised, but in this unfamiliar setting... The bare bulb lamp inched closer. \"Hey, Igor, get a look at the new girl. How long is she gonna last?\" His voice was shaky, but bitter. \"Wattson, no need to scare her,\" a second, creepier voice said. \"She'll learn when the time comes.\" Velma slowly turned around, coming face to face with the ceiling lamp. She let out a whimper. \"Good evening.\" Igor said, trying his hardest to sound polite. \"Get away from me you creep!\" Velma shouted. She struggled to get off the shelf, only to realize she was at the top. She got back into place. Any farther and she would've been in pieces. Watson got off the shelf. \"New girl, try not to off yourself here. Can't have...\" \"Mr. St. Peters...\" Igor finished. \"...knowing our secret!\" \"New girl?\" A voice from the bottom shelf asked. A reel-to-reel tape player slowly got off the shelf and looked upward. She smiled. \"Now you're not the only out-of-date music player here, Loretta.\" Loretta flashed Wattson a dirty look. \"You take that back.\" Wattson shuddered. \"Gentlemen, Ladies,\" Igor interrupted. \"If we're going to be... companions... we might as well get along.\" \"Or try to.\" Wattson grumbled. Why I named the characters what I did. Cassius- It sounded similar to Cassette Player. Sharpe- Short for Pencil Sharpener. Wattson- I've seen a couple fan-fics where that was his name, so I decided to use it. I couldn't think of anything clever. Velma- it just stuck. Loretta- Something spur-of-the-moment. Igor- Since I have the feeling that he's Elmo's assistant (albeit unwillingly), why not give him an appropriate name?[Chapter 2] A/N- And now for another installment of Tales from the Parts Shop. This one's kind of based off a true story. 2- Cracking Up (The TV) Velma shuffled back into her place. Igor looked around the room. \"Anyone else want to share a tale?\" A television with a cracked screen stepped to the front of the crowd. \"Hi, I'm Artie, and I'm a worthless piece of junk.\" \"Hello, Artie.\" A few voices from the crowd replied. Artie sat on a table. His master and a few of his friends sat on the couch facing him. It was one of their favorite days: game day... \"What team did they support?\" Someone shouted from the back. Artie narrowed his eye. \"A college team...\" \"What college team?\" the shouter, Cornelia (a popcorn machine) said. Artie groaned. \"The Light City Bulbs.\" \"Your master has good taste,\" Cornelia replied, instantly less agitated. \"You have to forgive Cornelia, she's kind of a tomboy,\" the fan standing beside her said. \"Darn right I am!\" Artie's master got up from his chair. Commercial break. The other humans wandered to the kitchen to get some more snacks. Artie looked around the room. The living room lamp wiggled free of her electrical socket. \"Busy day, ain't it Artie?\" she drawled. Artie shook. \"Yep.\" Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted one of his master's friends pull a bag out of the freezer. A familiar ding filled the living room. \"D'ya think Mike can handle it?\" Artie paused to think. Mike... Mike... the microwave. \"Oh, he'll manage,\" Artie replied \"So, where exactly were you before this all happened?\" Sharpe asked. Artie scratched his head (or did the TV equivalent of it). \"Dorm room somewhere. I can't remember.\" He paused. \"But my troubles began when one of the guys decided to crash on the couch.\" Hours after the final touchdown, Artie sat in silence. The guys had, predictably, made a total mess. Vernon (the vacuum cleaner) would have a difficult time getting the cheese and sauce stains out of the rug. And which unlucky appliance would have to do the dishes? Lola hoped it wasn't her. Artie just stared at the sleeping figure on the couch. Suddenly he got up. Probably for a drink of water or a trip to the bathroom. This couldn't be right. His eyes weren't open. Sleepwalking. Artie trembled, terrified. The sleepwalker inched closer. \"No, no,\" Artie murmured out. The sleepwalker bumped the coffee table, sending it straight into Artie's face. \"So that's how you got cracked up,\" Wattson said. Artie paused. \"Now for the aftermath.\" Master woke up. \"Uh, dude, what happened?\" \"I dunno, I was sleepwalking and... \"Sleepwalking? Dude, you broke my TV! Dad's gonna kill me.\" Artie just sat there. A few hours passed and Master returned. He unplugged Artie from the wall socket and carried him out of the dorm room. \"I get paid this Friday,\" the other guy said. \"I'll pay you back.\" Artie found himself in the bed of a white pick-up truck. Master pulled out of the parking lot, headed for the highway. Artie bounced around the truck bed. He struggled to look over the edge. Where could his master be taking him? The truck skidded to a halt near a wooden bridge. Master got out of the truck and picked Artie up. He carried the broken TV to the bridge. Artie glanced at the river. His master suddenly pushed him over the edge. Artie fell off the bridge into the water. The river currents pushed him for what seemed like a few miles downstream. Artie then felt hands drag him out of the river. Elmo St. Peters examined the TV. \"Oh, what luck. I knew something would just float towards me.\" He threw the TV in the bed of his truck and drove off. \"And next thing I know I was...\" Artie now sat on the work table, now with significantly less river muck inside him. The doorbell rang. \"Got any wires?\" a voice asked. \"Of course!\" Elmo chuckled. He grabbed a set of pliers. Wires. Wires. The only undamaged part of him. The plastic covering held up against the river. Artie felt the pliers going into his \"mouth\". He tried not to squirm. The pliers cut through the covering and into the metal below. He cringed, just as the wires were yanked out of him. Elmo exited the workroom. \"Urgh,\" Artie groaned. \"I don't feel so good.\" Cables wrapped around him and hoisted him onto a shelf. \"There, there,\" a creepy, German-accented voice said. \"You'll feel better after a nice rest.\" Why I named them what I did... Artie- It was either this or Trevor. Cornelia- It sounds like popcorn.[Chapter 3] A/N- It doesn't take me long to write these. 3- Delinquent (The Pencil Sharpener) Artie shuffled away from the center. \"Guess I'm next,\" Sharpe said. He made his way into the center of the room. \"So, what did you do before here?\" Fantine, a desk fan, asked. \"Well...\" Light City High School. A few days before summer break. Sharpe sat on a wooden desk belonging to Mrs. Smith. \"Now, remember, Next week you take your final exam.\" She said. The bell rang and the class dispersed. Mrs. Smith herself left the classroom, possibly to use the restroom. \"Finals week!\" One of the overhead lamps squealed. \"We get the whole school to ourselves in a little while.\" \"Oh, Lucy,\" her companion said. \"Don't forget about the janitor.\" Lucy quieted down. \"Oh, that.\" Sharpe unplugged himself and dropped down onto Mrs. Smith's soft office chair. \"So, how are you gonna spend summer break?\" Lucy asked him. Sharpe smiled. \"Oh, the usual. Hanging out with the vending machines in the teacher's lounge.\" \"Workin' at Light City High wasn't all sunshine and rainbows,\" Sharpe said. \"It was also dangerous.\" Batter, a waffle iron, scoffed. \"What could be dangerous about it? You basically sat on a desk. All the pencil shavings you could ever eat.\" Loretta hit him with one of her cables. \"Ow, what was that for?\" \"You know what you did,\" the reel player said. Sharpe just sighed and continued. \"I didn't know I was so... easily taken.\" \"Quick! Someone's Coming!\" Lucy shouted. Sharpe had to struggle back on the desk and fit his plug back into the outlet. In walked Tyler Dobson, noted troublemaker. He ran a few fingers through his brown hair before setting his backpack down. He slowly approached the desk. Sharpe shuddered. What was he going to do? Sharpe then felt his cord being yanked out followed by being stuffed into the backpack. \"Tyler could've washed his gym clothes,\" Sharpe groaned, face flushed a sickly shade of green. \"I still remember the smell.\" Igor nudged a trash can in Sharpe's direction. \"If you need this, feel free to use it.\" Sharpe threw up into the trash can. \"Do you feel better now?\" \"Yup.\" Tyler dragged the backpack outside the school, headed to the parking lot. His friends stood by the door. \"You got it?\" one of them asked. Tyler opened his backpack and pulled out Sharpe. The boy handed Tyler fifty bucks. Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted Mrs. Smith returning to her classroom. He quickly fished Sharpe out of the backpack and tossed him into the trash can outside the school. \"Out of one bad smell, into another.\" Igor pushed the trash can again. \"Nope, sorry, got nothin' in me to hurl.\" Sharpe struggled out of the trash can. He scampered towards the door, trying to avoid getting spotted. He banged on the glass door, but no one opens the door for wayward appliances. \"The janitor must've locked the door,\" he muttered. The only hope was to turn to the highway. He got off the sidewalk and scampered down the road. \"So many cars, can't let humans see that I'm alive.\" \"How'd you run into Mr. St. Peters?\" Wattson asked. Sharpe paused. \"It's a funny story.\" Sharpe had just turned the corner from the high school and entered the suburbs. Every so often a car or a passing dog walker made him dive into the shrubbery. He paused. Where was a good place to hide out? A store facade came into view. Sharpe could make out the vague shapes of several appliances. He knocked on the door with his plug. The door opened. Elmo walked outside of his shop. He spotted the pencil sharpener lying on the doormat. \"Odd. Did this one just walk up?\" He carried Sharpe into the shop. \"I'm sure I can get a good amount of money for this.\" Money? Sharpe shivered. \"It can't be. I must make it home.\" Sharpe felt himself shoved onto a shelf beside a broken TV. Once the shopkeeper left the workroom, the TV came to life. \"Oh, hi, you must be the new guy.\" \"Please help me!\" Sharpe cried out. \"I want to go home.\" \"Where is this home you speak of?\" The ceiling lamp asked. \"Light City High,\" Sharpe stammered out. \"I've got to...\" The fan to his right shuffled over. \"This is your home now.\" \"No one has ever escaped from here.\" The TV droned. \"And No one will.\" Why I named them What I did Fantine- It sounded Nice Batter- It stuck.[Chapter 4] 4- Always Someone Better (The Fan) Fantine remembered being pulled out of the closet. It was getting hot out, but Master's parents didn't feel like turning on the air conditioner. Something something power bill. Master placed Fantine on his desk and plugged her in. \"Henry, mind if I pick up something bigger when I'm at the store?\" Master's mother called from downstairs. \"That little fan's not going to keep your room cool.\" \"You can if you want to,\" Master replied. He picked up his bag and walked downstairs. \"Something bigger, something better,\" Fantine sneered. \"I wasn't good enough.\" Cornelia paused to pick a dust rag off the counter. \"Just in case.\" \"And then, after Master came home from school, I met her.\" She said the last few words with noticeable anger. Master carried a large cardboard box upstairs to his room. Fantine took one look at the box. Another fan. It didn't take him long to set it up or to plug it in, taking Fantine's spot in the electrical outlet. He turned to go down to the kitchen. Homework. The fan came to life. \"Oh, hi,\" she said. \"You must be the old fan.\" \"Old?\" Fantine gasped out. \"This is my house you...\" \"I have a name, kid,\" the larger fan replied. \"It's Esther.\" Fantine sat on the desk, fuming until Master returned. \"You were right, Mom,\" Master said. \"This new fan is better than the old one. Room's a lot cooler.\" Fantine just stared at her master, shocked. \"What should I do with this one?\" Master asked. \"Put it up for yard sale.\" Tears welled up in Fantine's eyes. Cornelia dashed to her side and handed her the dust rag. \"Quick, before she really loses it.\" Fantine dabbed at her eyes with the dust rag. \"Thanks, Corny. I'll try to keep my composure, but I can't guarantee it.\" Fantine found herself sitting on a table outside her house. A price tag was haphazardly slapped on her base. Yard Sales. Where humans got rid of clutter that had worth. Fantine sat right next to a box of old VHS tapes. Several humans crowded around the tables, looking for a good bargain. An old lady bought a couple sweaters. She mentioned something about how her grand-kids would love them. \"Oh, I don't wanna bore any of you,\" Fantine giggled. \"I'll skip to the part where I end up here.\" \"How much for that fan?\" Elmo St. Peters asked. Master's mother glanced at Fantine's tag. \"Five dollars, sir.\" Elmo handed the woman a five dollar bill. He then picked Fantine off the table and carried her off. Fantine could've sworn she saw Esther standing in the upstairs window, smiling. \"I hate her... I hate her... I hate her...\" Fantine muttered over and over again. She raised her head. The audience stared at her. \"Oh, I forgot. I was supposed to be telling my story.\" \"Not dwelling on your hatred?\" Fantine woke up on the shelf. \"Where am I?\" She wondered. \"If the bell rings, someone dies.\" the broken TV uttered. The bell rang. A customer came in, asking for a vacuum cleaner's bristles. \"It may be you, it may not be you,\" the TV said. \"It's her fault! If Master didn't choose her over me, I wouldn't be here.\" Fantine finally cried out. \"Water main break! Water main break!\" Decibel, the megaphone, shouted. \"Water main break!\" Fantine stopped crying for a moment. One of her eyes had popped out. She paused to shove it back in. Why I named them what I did Decibel- A unit of measuring how loud a sound is.[Chapter 5] 5- Off the Deep End (The Megaphone) Decibel hopped to the center. \"Ladies, Gentlemen, Appliances of all ages. I present to you the tragic tale of Dewey Decibel.\" His audience was not amused. Cornelia coughed a bit. \"Oh, maybe I should cut the theatrics.\" The pool glistened in the summer sun. Decibel sat beside his Master, the pool's lifeguard. He had the best view of the pool. His master sipped a diet soft drink before setting down the can. Cassius waved one of his tapes. \"H-hey, I think know where you used to work.\" Decibel turned his attention. \"Yes? I don't think I've seen you before I came here.\" \"I stayed in the car,\" Cassius replied, sheepishly. \"Master didn't want me getting wet.\" He paused. \"My master loved the pool but wasn't the strongest swimmer though. He was wearing red trunks.\" Decibel narrowed his eyes in contemplation. \"Oh, I think I might've seen him.\" Master climbed out of the lifeguard chair. Someone was having trouble in the deep end. He grabbed a life preserver. The nylon bag holding his equipment fell out of the chair, sending Decibel flying out. Decibel couldn't make his way back to the bag. Too many people were around. A pool goer knocked into him, sending him ever closer to the edge of the pool. \"Can't move when humans are looking.\" He told himself. \"Can't let them know you're alive.\" His gaze turned to the deep end. Master had rescued the man in the red trunks. The two exited the pool. Decibel stayed in his spot, hoping that Master would recognize him. Master turned around. \"Wait a minute, what's my megaphone doing here?\" he asked. He approached it, but one misstep sent Decibel off the edge and into the deep. He dove in after. Decibel coughed and made a static noise. \"I don't know how I'm still alive. It must be a miracle.\" Decibel found himself lying on top of a pile in the dumpster. He coughed a few more times, expelling some pool water. He spotted his master talking with his boss outside. \"I dunno, man,\" Master said. \"I maybe slipped and kicked it into the pool.\" The boss shook his head. \"Matthew, I guess I'm going to take the expense out of your paycheck.\" Master sighed. \"Okay, boss.\" He left to go to his car. A gust of wind blew the cardboard that Decibel laid on out of the dumpster. First pool water, now pavement. The wind pushed the cardboard further down the road. Decibel tried to drag the cardboard back to the dumpster. A monster truck drove by. The tires only brushed against Decibel. The driver got out to inspect what he hit. He put Decibel in the truck bed and drove off. \"That's how I got here,\" Decibel spoke. \"But...\" \"He got you too on your first night here?\" Artie asked. \"How do I describe this...\" Elmo had Decibel in the vise. \"What happened? Did someone drop this in a swimming pool or something?\" He pulled out a used bandage from Decibel's \"mouth\". That instantly got thrown into the trash. After being dried off (and maybe a few remnants of the dumpster removed), Decibel was moved to the shelf.[Chapter 6] 6- Lost in Transport (The Lamp) Wattson stepped forward. \"Well, I wasn't dropped in a pool or anything dramatic. Why I'm here is...\" \"Master accidentally pushed me in,\" Decibel corrected. Wattson ignored him and continued. Light City Public Library was a quiet place, especially the backroom. Wattson treated it like it was his personal quarters. The backroom had several old books, all of which he read several times. \"Like the Book of the Dead?\" Artie asked. Wattson huffed. \"I don't think that exists.\" He paused. \"And where'd you hear about that?\" \"Master's little sister was big into horror films,\" Artie replied. \"As I was saying...\" Wattson was thumbing through a copy of Lord of the Rings. Another lamp pushed the door open. Wattson barely raised his gaze. \"Yes?\" \"I know you're out of the loop around here, but...\" \"Spit it out.\" \"We're moving.\" Wattson slammed his book shut and approached the smaller lamp. \"Why didn't you tell me this sooner?\" \"I didn't want to disturb you.\" Wattson laid his plug on the smaller lamp's shoulder. \"Brightly, you can interrupt me if you have news.\" He paused. \"So when's the move.\" \"Tomorrow...\" \"Did you ever see the new library?\" Wattson hung his head. \"No.\" Wattson silently watched as a team of men unloaded the truck. He sat at the very back. Brightly gave a wave before he was carried out. The truck doors closed, leaving Wattson alone. The truck drove off. Wattson ran to the doors and tried to unlatch the door. It was no use. He returned to the corner of the truck to await his fate. He felt the truck stop. The men opened the doors. \"Bob, did you forget something?\" One of them asked. \"What?\" Bob replied. The first man pointed to Wattson in the corner. \"That Lamp was supposed to go the library. But it's still in the truck.\" Bob shrugged his shoulders. \"What should I do about it?\" The first man glared at Bob. \"Bring it to the library.\" \"Their argument was taking a long time, so I decided to take matters into my own hands. That was a metaphor.\" Wattson hopped out of the truck and made his way onto the road. He could hear the men ask where the lamp went from a few yards away. Wattson didn't care; this was his chance to find the library on his own. He didn't make it far. The lack of electricity was making him sluggish. He made it to the roadside before lying down and accepting defeat. \"Oh, I did wake up.\" Wattson woke up. He stood on the work table, glowing brightly as ever. \"You work,\" the hanging lamp said. Wattson jumped back, almost knocking over a screwdriver. \"Where am I?\" A disfigured appliance crept onto the table. \"The loony bin, where else?\" The lamp turned to the disfigured appliance. \"Mish-Mash, that's no way to greet a new friend.\" Wattson yanked his cord from the wall socket. He felt around his face. \"Where'd my shade go?\" \"Someone bought it for two bucks,\" Mish-Mash replied. \"Isn't that right, Igor?\" Igor nodded.[Chapter 7] A/N- This too is partially based off a true story. (Only instead of a waffle iron, it was a toaster.) 7- Steamed (The Waffle Iron) Batter made his way to the center. \"Please, excuse my behavior. I have a malfunctioning heating element.\" Sharpe gave him a cross look. \"Or that's what I've heard.\" From what Batter could gather, he was a housewarming gift from a mother to her daughter. The daughter moved into an apartment a few miles away from home. He remembered his first use. Batter sat on the kitchen counter. Mistress had just mixed the batter for waffles. She checked the temperature and poured the batter in. A few moments later, and flipping, she slipped the waffle onto the plate. It was done a little darker on one side. Mistress thought it was her fault. Maybe she left the iron on too long. \"But she still used me and that's all I cared about.\" He paused. \"My little condition only got worse.\" Another fresh waffle. Mistress had checked the underside. It was nearly black, but the top side was a healthy golden brown. How could this be? She followed the directions to the letter. She walked over to the phone. \"Um, Mom, do you have a receipt for the waffle iron?\" Batter glanced at Mistress. Was there something wrong with him? \"I think there might be something wrong with it.\" Batter unplugged himself. \"Really? You'll send a technician over?\" \"I hated the technician. He smelled bad.\" The technician was some guy who smelled faintly of cheap cologne. He wrenched Batter open and examined the heating element. \"Well, Miss Shepherd, I know what the problem is.\" Mistress walked over. \"And that is?\" \"The heating element. I can't explain it, but one side's defective.\" \"Then Mistress dumped me off here.\" Mistress carried Batter out of her small apartment and into the truck. He was thrown into the backseat. Mistress sped off down the road, headed for St. Peters' part shop. She walked in, carrying Batter under her arm. She placed the waffle iron on the counter. The next customer had asked for a heating element. Batter was the only appliance in the shop that came with heating elements. Batter could see the others on the shelf. They were just as terrified as he was. He felt his bottom pan being removed, exposing the heating element. The broken one. The pan was put back and the top one removed, exposing the functioning element. Batter passed out. A few moments later, he found himself sitting beside a lamp without a shade. The lamp turned to him. \"It's okay.\" \"It is not!\" Batter shouted. \"I'm missin' a piece of me!\" \"Calm down,\" the Cassette player to his right said. A realization hit Batter. Maybe the heating element was the source of his outburst. \"Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for my outburst.\" He paused. \"I'm defective.\" He burst into tears.[Chapter 8] 8- Road Tripped (The Cassette Player) Cassius swallowed. He guessed it was his turn. He made his way to the center of the room. \"H-hi.\" Cassius was gently lowered onto the passenger seat of Master's van. This could mean only one thing. Road Trip. Master darted back inside his house. The phone was ringing. \"Did he find your stash of flyers yet?\" The van asked. Cassius shook his head. He hoped not. How else was he going to remember everywhere he went? One doesn't buy souvenirs for appliances. \"Okay, see you later on tonight.\" Master said. \"Bye, Mom.\" He headed back to the van and pulled out of the driveway. \"So, where exactly are you from?\" Wattson asked. Cassius scratched his head (or the tape player version of it). \"Somewhere in Oregon. Don't know the exact location though.\" Cassius had a moment to look out the window once Master stopped for gas and a bite to eat. He opened the glove compartment and thumbed through his collection. Grand Canyon, Las Vegas, Disney Land. He quickly shoved the fliers back in the glove compartment once he spotted Master coming out of the diner. \"Well, thirty more miles before I hit Light City.\" He pulled out of the parking lot and headed down the road. \"So, how did you get here?\" \"I haven't gotten to that part yet,\" Cassius replied. \"Be patient.\" Cassius sat in the van, waiting for Master to finish unloading his luggage. It was taking a while, so he opened the door. Master was talking with a neighbor. He scurried away. He hid behind a potted plant. Master strode over to the passenger seat. \"Hey, where'd the tape player go?\" His gaze darted to his other traveling companion: a basset hound. \"Did you do it?\" The dog just stared at him. Cassius breathed a sigh of relief, then attempted to get back to the car. How was he supposed to get inside without arousing suspicion? He pulled himself away from his hiding spot. Master put a leash on the dog and both of them walked up the steps to his parents' house. Cassius darted to the neighbor's house. \"Hey, Martha,\" an old man's voice said. \"What's this tape player doin' in our yard?\" He dropped the hose he was using to water plants. \"I don't know, Harold, just throw it out.\" His wife replied. Throw it out? Cassius had to get back to his master. He scrambled onto the roadside, but fell face first onto the road. His buttons were damaged in the impact. \"Did he pick you up too?\" Cassius nodded. Cassius woke up. No longer was he on the road outside his master's old house, but on a shelf somewhere. Three cassette tapes were tangled in his inner workings. He looked at the labels. \"Hungarian Rhapsodies\", \"Great Horror Scores\", \"Sounds of the Sea\". These weren't his master's. Master liked hard rock. \"Do you like it?\" An eerie voice asked. Cassius just made a series of whimpers. \"What happened to me?\" \"We repaired you,\" the voice replied. \"Do you like what I've chosen for you?\" Cassius just narrowed his eyes. \"Frankly, your music tastes are... weird.\" The hanging lamp drifted downwards. \"I chose which tapes would be part of you and Monsieur Cafetiere did the rest.\" He looked up at the cabinet. \"Please, don't ask where I got the tapes.\" Why I named them What I Did Monsieur Cafetiere (Shortened to Cafe)- He's a little dramatic and needed a dramatic-sounding name.[Chapter 9] 9- One for the Archives (The Reel Player) Loretta stepped forward. \"Oh, I guess I'll tell my tale. Would you believe I used to work in radio?\" Loretta sat on a table, listening to her master record the latest installment of a crime drama. Jack Pierce, detective. \"Now who was the killer, the doctor, the maid or the butler?\" Loretta guessed it was the butler. She had listened to countless hours' worth of radio programs. \"I had no preference when it came to recording. Crime dramas, romances, but I've got a hunch that my last recording was an omen.\" \"Hey, Eddy, can I borrow your tape deck? Mine wore out.\" \"Why of course,\" Master replied. Loretta was handed over to the other guy. He walked over to the recording studio. House of Horrors. That was the name of the other guy's show. \"Good evening and welcome to the House of Horrors. I am your host, Karl Kliever.\" Loretta cringed a bit. It was Phil Davis. Karl Kliever was a character he played. \"Tonight, I tell you the tale of science gone mad.\" \"I don't remember the exact details of the story, but it involved, well, think of what our situation would look like if we were people.\" The reels were removed from Loretta and added to the archive. Master and Phil sat in the break room, enjoying coffee and donuts. Loretta walked to the door and cracked it open. \"That had to be the scariest thing you've ever narrated on air.\" Master said, downing his coffee in one gulp. \"Where'd you get the idea?\" Phil gave a slight laugh. \"I don't know. Maybe I had a nightmare.\" \"As to how I came here, let's just say Mother Nature forced me here.\" It stormed heavily hours later. A tree limb broke free and smashed through the roof. Master and Phil, and their work, were unharmed. Loretta wanted to help them save their work, but she couldn't move when they were looking. The rain was entering the archives through the hole in the roof. Loretta dashed away, trying to find a dry place to hide. \"I found a spot, but I was so good at hiding, they didn't find me for decades.\" The year was 1984. Loretta had the ruins of the radio tower to herself. That was until they wanted to tear the old tower down. A gang of men were sent in to salvage whatever can be salvaged. One found Loretta's hiding spot. \"Hey, look,\" one of them said. He held Loretta aloft. \"An old recorder.\" \"Don't drop it, that thing could be worth a fortune if it still works.\" Another man said. \"Velma, my dear, it seems that we are alike in so many ways.\" The phonograph laughed. \"If you told me that when I first came in, things would be a little better.\" Loretta sat on the shelf. She tried reminding herself of the audio dramas she archived. \"Good afternoon,\" a creepy voice said. \"Welcome to a real life house of horrors.\" \"House of Horrors? The radio show?\" Loretta piped up. \"I used to record that.\" The hanging lamp just stared at her, then spoke up. \"I was never a fan of radio. Television was more my thing.\"[Chapter 10] 10- A Kernel of Truth (The Popcorn Maker) \"Hey, Corny, your turn,\" Fantine said. Cornelia hopped to the center. The Light City Bulbs were playing the Springfield Mattresses. There was no way Master and Mistress were missing this one. They had Cornelia in the kitchen, working her hardest. Master walked back to the living room with a huge bowl of popcorn. Cornelia unplugged herself and scooted over to the edge of the counter. She got a good view of the TV from this particular area. Master, Mistress, and about five of their friends sat in the living room, eyes glued to the TV. \"Touchdown!\" The announcer shouted. \"Bulbs are in the lead.\" Cornelia smiled. Her team was winning. \"My life was good. Whenever Master and Mistress had company over, I'd be making popcorn.\" She paused. \"Then there was the incident.\" Movie night. Master, Mistress and their daughter had rented the latest family movie. Cornelia had just made a bowl of popcorn, but something was wrong. She tasted smoke. Was there something stuck in her system? Roughly fifteen minutes into the movie, Master smelled smoke. He paused the move and rushed to the kitchen. Cornelia sat there, smoke wafting from her \"mouth\". Mistress rushed over to Cornelia. \"The Popcorn Machine is smoking.\" \"I think a kernel went down the wrong way,\" Cornelia said. \"What made it a little better is that I got to meet their new popcorn machine.\" Fantine's face scrunched up. \"And don't worry, Fantine, she was a lot nicer than Esther.\" The new model called herself Poppet. Cornelia sat beside her on the counter while her owners figured out what to do with the old model. \"Well, Cornelia,\" Poppet began. \"I'm sorry about the whole kernel incident, but I can satisfy these guys. Bigger capacity, less error.\" Cornelia hung her head. \"But what's going to happen to me?\" Poppet gave a slight smile. \"Well, you're going to be sent to a repair man and then probably to a new home.\" The words \"New home\" stunned her. She wouldn't be going home after her trip to the repair man. \"She was nice about the brutal truth,\" Cornelia said, on the verge of tears. Fantine took the dust rag in her teeth. \"Here, you might need this.\" Cornelia sniffed. \"Okay, we have another member of the 'first-day-mutilated club'. Me!\" Batter, Artie, and Wattson just exchanged glances. \"No one told us about it.\" \"I just made that up,\" Cornelia admitted. \"Just to cheer myself up a bit.\" Cordelia was in the vice, opened up to reveal her innards. One eye remained focused on the appliances on the shelf. They looked as terrified as she did. She didn't remember exactly what the customer wanted, but it was ripped from her. She was quickly sealed up after the process was done. There was a silver lining. The kernel that had blocked her air tube had dislodged. Cornelia sat on the shelf, shaking. \"It hurts...\" she whimpered. \"It hurts...\" The reel player to her right walked over. \"Don't worry, we'll be here to comfort you.\"[Chapter 11] 11- Trouble's Brewing (The Coffee Maker) \"Oh, is it my turn to speak?\" A heavily French-accented voice said. \"Monsieur Cafetiere at your service.\" A coffee pot with forks for arms dove out of a cabinet. He tried to reach behind him and get the cable from around his handle. \"Someone, help.\" He swung around still trying to get untangled. Fantine walked over and undid the cable with her teeth. \"Oh, merci, Mademoiselle!\" Monsieur Cafetiere, Cafe for short, beamed. \"Now this tale is one of... well... coffee. And one unfortunate soul.\" Cafe's Mistress was French. And she loved coffee. He sat on her kitchen counter, anxiously awaiting morning. She would sit in the living room, eating a croissant and drinking her coffee. The TV would be on a black-and-white movie channel. \"The life of a Coffee Maker is boring, but I was such a fool when I wished for excitement.\" Cafe sat at home while Mistress went off to run errands. Someone broke a window and sneaked in. A burglar. Cafe remained still as the intruder made his way into the kitchen. He looked around. He'd leave some time. No one hides valuables in the kitchen. This burglar was not the brightest one. He picked up Cafe and shoved him into a bag. He also took a few more trinkets. The bag jostled as his abductor dove out of the hole in the window. He loosened the bag a bit, enough to see Mistress return home. \"So, Dave, whaddya got?\" Another criminal asked. Dave dumped the contents of the bag onto the seat of the getaway car. Dave's partner looked irritated. \"I sent ya in to get Ms. Belrose's sapphire earrings, not her coffee maker.\" Dave backed away. \"Uh, sorry, Gus. I... uh...\" \"Really need glasses.\" Dave just packed the loot into the bag. He threw the bag in the passenger seat. \"Now should we dump this?\" \"Might as well,\" Dave replied. The two crooks drove off. The car stopped at a swamp. Dave got out of the car and hurled the bag in. Cafe scrambled out of the bag, only to take in a bunch of mud. \"I was stolen by some thief with bad eyesight. No sane person would think to hide jewelry in an electric coffee pot. Then disposed of in the swamp.\" Cafe woke up in some kind of sink. Two forks had been grafted onto his body. He wriggled one, then the other. \"What a great addition! I have arms!\" \"Well, someone's having a good time,\" a lamp without a shade sneered. \"Do you like being...\" \"Shush!\" a female voice hissed. \"Not in front of the new guy.\" Cafe climbed out of the sink. \"Oh, Bonjour. How are we today?\" \"Horrible!\" The lamp without a shade replied. \"Do you even know where you are?\" \"No,\" Cafe replied. The lamp face-plugged. \"You're in a parts shop. You're going to get dismantled.\" He paused, narrowing his eyes. \"Looks like you were already altered.\"[Chapter 12] A/N- I'm uploading each chapter to my DA account. Look for them under DarklyFantastic. A/N 2- This is the final tale based off a true story (kinda) 12- Can't Stand the Heat (The Stove) The stove stumbled into the center. \"Excuse me, please.\" The other appliances quickly darted out of the way. He cleared his throat before speaking. \"Um, err, I'm Cooke,\" he said. \"And I guess it's my turn to tell my story.\" Cooke once lived in the house of an Italian grandmother. She was an excellent cook. Lasagna, spaghetti, Chicken Parmesan. All dishes that Cooke aided in creating. Her relatives came over every Sunday for massive home-cooked meals. Those were the finest moments in Cooke's life. \"Do you realize your door is open?\" Sharpe asked. Cooke blinked twice. \"Oh, sorry.\" He paused. \"Wish I could taste those dishes though.\" Mistress was getting on in years and had to have her son clean up around her house. Her son was a hardworking guy who smelled faintly of cigarette smoke. He also loved to clean. Perhaps a little too much for Cooke's taste. The living room. The kitchen. The Bathroom. The other appliances loved the cleanliness, but Cooke found it a little excessive. \"What? You got clean.\" Sharpe said. \"You should've liked it. \"That's what did me in,\" Cooke replied. \"Master was a bit too clean.\" Master grabbed a sponge and some cleaning liquid. The last spaghetti dinner had made quite a mess of Cooke's impeccable surface. He began cleaning the stains off Cooke, but some water must've gotten into the stove. The whole kitchen lost power. Master cursed under his breath and rushed to the circuit breaker. \"I shorted out the kitchen, and possibly the rest of the house.\" Master had to fork over a good amount of money to get his mother a new stove. Cooke had a look at his replacement as he was being dragged out. A shiny one. \"How long will he last?\" Cooke wondered. He found himself on a truck headed for somewhere. Perhaps a dumping site? No. It wasn't the junkyard. It was some shop a few miles down the road. Workmen carried him out of the truck and into the shop. \"Ooh, big guy,\" an eerie voice uttered. Cooke looked to his left and found a small popcorn maker. \"Welcome!\"[Chapter 13] 13- Three In One (The Mish-Mash) The cables lowered Mish-Mash onto a box. \"I'm Candice, no I'm Gladys, no, Barb!\" She hung her head. \"I don't know who I am anymore.\" Candice, Gladys and Barb once lived next door to Mr. St. Peters. They were really good friends. The trio would have the house to themselves while Master and Mistress were away. \"Life was good.\" She paused. \"As to how we got surgically attached. Well, Barb wasn't the sharpest razor in the drawer.\" \"What happened?\" Cornelia asked. \"Oh, she wanted more out of life than just removing hair.\" Master, Mistress and their two children were on vacation somewhere. Barb had the bright idea to leave the house through the pet door. Candice and Gladys had followed her. \"Look! Outside! We've never been here.\" Barb cheered. Candice just shook her head. Or the can-opener equivalent. \"We're supposed to be in there.\" She gestured to the house. \"There's a whole world out here.\" She batted around a hanging basket of flowers. \"All this color.\" Gladys inched closer to the door. \"We'll just return home when it gets dark.\" Candice was still irritated but went with it. The three made their way off the porch and headed for the road. \"Well, our little excursion into the great outdoors ended as quickly as it began.\" It started to rain once the trio left the front porch. They hid in a cardboard box on someone's porch. The next door neighbor's. Mr. St. Peters. He left his house, headed for his car. He spotted the box of appliances. \"Oh, who could've left these here?\" He asked. He picked up the box and carried it to his truck. He pushed it into the truck bed. \"It's your fault!\" Candice and Gladys whispered. \"What?\" Barb replied. The truck stopped and the box was taken inside the shop. And down the stairs. Cassius shrunk back. \"You went into the cellar? What's it like?\" \"Dismal, and very painful. We were too out of it to remember what went on.\" Gladys woke up. She had been transferred upstairs, but where was Candice? Or Barb. \"So, what are you?\" a creepy voice said. \"What am I?\" Gladys asked. Her mouth felt weird. And why did her lower body feel heavy? \"Hold on a minute. I want you to look.\" The ceiling lamp descended, carrying a mirror in his teeth. Gladys looked at her reflection. \"I'm a... I'm a... monster.\" \"A Mish-mash, more like it.\"[Chapter 14] A/N- Just a warning, things are about to get a bit dark. A/N 2- This takes place before the events of the movie, so Blender is still alive. 14- Left Hanging (The Hanging Lamp) \"Hey, Igor, what happened to you?\" Batter asked. \"Yeah, tell us!\" Cornelia added. The ceiling lamp shuddered. \"Oh, me?\" He gave a slight chuckle. \"Honestly, you don't want to know what I've been through.\" \"Oh, come on,\" Loretta cooed. \"It can't be as bad as what we've been through.\" \"Did you get thrown in the trash?\" Sharpe asked. \"Or sold at a yard sale?\" \"Drown in dust?\" \"Blow a fuse?\" Igor gave an enigmatic smile. \"Oh, If you must know, I guess I must tell. It's not polite to leave you hanging. Everyone's told their tales, but me?\" Another chuckle. \"When I came here, I didn't look like this. I was a lot different. A lot more naive.\" Igor glanced at the calendar on the wall. Tomorrow, his master was taking him to the shop to light up his work area. \"Last day of freedom,\" he uttered. The new blender Master bought had just got off the kitchen counter crept towards him. Igor craned his neck (a two meter tall living room lamp should not have to contort himself) and glanced at him. \"Oh, hi, Lenny.\" \"Wave told me that she's gonna miss you.\" Lenny said. \"You? A living room lamp? But, where's the rest of you?\" Wattson asked. Lenny leaped off the counter and ran toward the scene. \"He's getting to it. Let him finish.\" Igor just smiled. \"Bye, honey, I'm going to work,\" Mr. St. Peters told his wife. \"See you for dinner,\" a voice called back. Mr. St. Peters unplugged Igor and carried him out of the house. He was gently lowered into the truck bed. \"We used to call that thing the Beast. Poor thing wasn't much for conversation. He made these horrifying growling noises.\" Lenny stepped forward. \"I was left overnight in his truck bed. If you think talking to him's bad, wait till ya hear him snore.\" It was a short drive to the Parts Shop. Igor was lifted out of the truck bed and into the shop. Elmo set him down before examining a hanging light fixture. Igor quickly turned around. The hanging lamp had a massive tear in its wiring. Elmo brought out a pair of pliers and cut the lamp loose. He turned his attention to Igor. A thought struck him. \"Let's see, can I convert a living room lamp into a hanging one?\" he said. Igor was frozen with fear. This was not what he hand in mind. He found himself unplugged and lying on the work table. Every twist of the screwdriver. Every cut of the pliers. He felt it all. With one pull, his wiring came out of the casing. \"Wait, how'd you manage to describe that without wincing once?\" Sharpe asked. Igor chuckled. \"I'm basically numb. Nothing like that affects me anymore.\" Igor woke up. He had been fixed to the ceiling. Zeke had arrived. \"That's a mighty fine lamp stand you got there. How much for it?\" Igor drifted closer to the door. A customer? The door was open a crack. Mr. St. Peters brought the stand closer. \"How does fifteen dollars sound?\" \"Change for a twenty?\" Zeke handed Elmo a twenty dollar bill. And that's a wrap. Tales from the Parts Shop is complete. Next up, On the Edge followed by a sequel to this story. (Still need to figure out a title for it.) ","Summary":" A/N- This tale is my take on the Parts shop gang. Rating is for mild dark themes. 1- If It Ain't Go"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Cherry and Atticus Visit Halloween Town","Author":"PerkyGoth14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12582558","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'm thinking about putting out the full story around Fall time in time for Halloween. I know some of you are gonna have a long and hard wait for one of my stories, but I just thought that that would be best. Anyway, you know my rules by now, so why bother explaining them every time I upload something new? Nothing now said here isn't different as it was way back in 2013. I'll see you in your comments and I hope you enjoy this story. Happy Halloween or whatever, depending on when you read this. October 28th... Atticus ran with Patch back home as they both laughed, but then Atticus's laughter slightly died out. \"What's wrong?\" Patch asked. \"Oh, nothing, I just feel like I'm forgetting something...\" Atticus said, then looked at his watch. \"Ooh, midnight, it's nearly Halloween now.\" \"Yeah, come on, we better get home.\" Patch said. Meanwhile... Cherry blew a noisemaker dully as she was sitting in a chair in front of a cake and a party hat on her head with a birthday banner as the candles' flames died out and she was left alone in the dark. \"I can't believe it,\" she said to herself. \"They forgot my birthday.\" \"I'm still here...\" Forte said as he handed her a gift wrapped box. \"Oh, joy...\" Cherry took the box and unwrapped it to see a jewelry box and it had a necklace inside. \"Oh, how lovely, I'll probably wear this at the opera house.\" \"I'm sorry the others forgot your birthday.\" Forte said. \"It's okay, I think I'm gonna have a slice of the cake and then go to bed early...\" Cherry said. Forte nodded and he cut her a piece of her cake. \"I just wish that something would actually happen on my birthday.\" Cherry said. \"Oh, Cerise, it's okay...\" Forte soothed. \"Some friends I have...\" Cherry muttered. The next day, everyone met up, but Cherry was running late until she came to them. \"Hey, guys...\" Cherry narrowed her eyes. \"Have a good night last night?\" \"Yeah, you should've been there!\" Atticus smiled. \"Feel like you forget anything?\" Cherry clenched her teeth. \"No, did we?\" Patch asked. Atticus began to think of what Cherry meant until he realized what last night also was. \"Oh... Ohh!\" he said. \"Oh, Cherry, I am so sor-\" \"It's okay, guys, you didn't have to come if you didn't want to...\" Cherry turned away, obviously hurt. \"After all, it only comes once a year.\" \"Cherry, if there was any way I could go back in time and celebrate your birthday with you, I would.\" Atticus said. \"Hmph...\" Cherry pouted. \"We missed Cherry's birthday?\" Patch asked. \"Yes.\" Atticus nodded. \"Hm...\" Cherry sounded mad. \"Cherry, I'm sorry...\" Atticus frowned. \"Whatever, Atticus!\" Cherry snapped. \"Just forget about it, okay? You were obviously too busy.\" \"I really am sorry.\" Atticus frowned. \"Hmph...\" Cherry folded her arms. \"The cake was delicious by the way...\" Atticus sighed, feeling guilty and knew he had to make this up somehow. 'I've got to make it up to her somehow.' He then thought to himself. Later on, Atticus was home in his room, pacing around. \"What am I going to do?! Cherry probably hates me right now!\" Emily knocked on the door. \"Honey, Drell wants to see you.\" \"Mom, I'm busy, tell him I'll come by later!\" Atticus called back. \"He says it's urgent.\" Emily then said. \"Well, forgetting Cherry's birthday and trying to thing of a way to make it up to her is more important!\" Atticus told her. Drell opened the door anyway and leaned over Atticus. \"YOU FOOL!\" \"Not now, Drell!\" Atticus told him as he continued to pace around. \"Okay... Fine...\" Drell shrugged and walked off. \"I was just about to invite you guys somewhere that might make someone as miserable as Cherry happy, but never mind!\" he then shut the door and went to the linen closet. \"I'll just go and make Skippy replace my Whack-A-Mole home set.\" \"Wait! Is this place all Halloweeny?\" Atticus asked. \"But of course, in fact, it's Halloween every day down there, but you live in the land of 'I-Don't-Care'...\" Drell shrugged as he walked to the closet, then held up his hand as he counted down on his large fingers. \"Three... Two... One.\" \"Wait!\" Atticus called out, stopping him from leaving. Drell smirked, then bore a soft straight face as he looked back to the boy. \"Yes...?\" \"Take me and Cherry with you!\" Atticus begged. \"Well, I don't know...\" Drell rubbed his stomach lining with his forefingers. \"I might be rather too busy for you guys...\" \"Doing what?\" Atticus asked. \"Eh, I dunno...\" Drell inspected his fingernails, pretending not to care. \"Maybe I'll go to the moon with Hilda for one of our rendezvous~...\" \"Please take us with you to this place you were talking about!\" Atticus begged. \"Well... I dunno...\" Drell ran his fingers through his hair. \"How bad do you wanna go?\" \"Drell, Cherry might KILL ME!\" Atticus cried out. Drell chuckled. \"Yes, she might...\" \"Drell!\" Atticus cried. Drell chuckled. \"I'm just pulling your leg,\" he put his arm around Atticus then. \"Hilda and I happen to have an old friend in Halloween Town with grandchildren in this realm.\" \"Wahoo!\" Atticus cheered. Drell chuckled. \"I can't believe you forgot Cherry's birthday though...\" he then narrowed his eyes. \"I oughta sock you...\" \"Cherry being angry with me is much worse than you.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, come on, she can't be that bad...\" Drell rolled his eyes. \"Let us check on her and see her then.\" Atticus said. Drell then went with Atticus to go see Cherry who was pretty mad with Atticus for forgetting her birthday. \"Hi, Mrs. Butler, is Cherry home?\" Atticus asked nervously. \"Yes, but now is not a good time.\" Michelle said. Drell walked right in anyway. Michelle rushed over and blocked her daughter's bedroom door. \"Michelle, I am a professional, I have been in the Council for hundreds of years, I think I can handle your daughter.\" Drell smirked. \"Okay, but it's your funeral.\" Michelle sighed. Drell came into Cherry's room without knocking. \"Funeral?\" Atticus winced. \"At this rate, we might as well call the mortician now.\" \"Cherry, stop being mad, Atticus is sorry he missed your birthday.\" Drell came into the perky goth's bedroom. Michelle and Atticus soon counted down from 5. \"Get out.\" Cherry said. \"Hey, now, that's no way to talk to your superior!\" Drell scolded. \"GET OUT! \" Cherry roared which sounded rather dark and demonic. Drell yelled out of fear and ran out of the room. \"And now he knows.\" Atticus said. Michelle sighed. \"I know you didn't mean to Atticus, but she's really upset about you missing her birthday.\" \"I know...\" Atticus sighed back. \"There's gotta be someway to make it up to her.\" \"Hmm... I know, how about taking her to Halloween Town?\" Michelle smiled. \"There's a bus that goes there every Halloween night before midnight.\" \"Halloween Town?\" Atticus asked. \"Oh, yes,\" Michelle beamed. \"My mother's old friend Aggie Cromwell usually goes to see her grandchildren on Halloween night and she was thinking this year of showing them Halloween Town herself, and if you would like, I will ask her to take you and Cherry with her.\" \"Yes, please!\" Atticus begged. \"I'm sure Halloween Town will be the cure Cherry needs,\" Michelle smiled, knowing how much her daughter loved the holiday. \"But, you didn't hear that from me.\" \"Are you guys still out there?\" Cherry asked as she couldn't hear them which would be a perfect surprise. The two of them soon shushed each other. Cherry poked her head out, showing she had on her headphones with music and shrugged as her best friend and mother seemed to vanish before she went back in her room and shut the door. \"I'll go ask her now.\" Michelle whispered to Atticus. Atticus nodded. Cherry was listening to her music and soon saw her mother which made her grunt as she paused the music and put her headphones around her neck to see what she wanted, but she saw her going to a different phone. \"I need to use your phone.\" Michelle then told her. \"Oh... Okay...\" Cherry shrugged. \"What were you and Atticus talking about?\" \"Oh, he just wanted to know something about the Netherworld that Grandma taught me,\" Michelle smiled innocently. \"I'll see you at dinner.\" \"Oh...\" Cherry frowned. Michelle felt bad for lying to Cherry, but it would be made up for later as she soon placed a phone call in secret. Cherry sighed as she put her music back on as she felt betrayed. After a few rings, there was finally an answer. 'Hello?' A voice on the other line answered. \"Hey, Aggie, I was wondering if you wouldn't mind bringing daughter and her best friend with you to Halloween Town?\" Michelle whispered to her. 'Aren't they mortals then?' Aggie asked since Michelle wasn't a biological witch. \"No, Atticus is a Wiccan and Cherry has special powers of her own.\" Michelle promised. 'Well... I guess that would be all right.' Aggie replied. \"You see, this is kind of a special gift for her and in a way for Atticus to make up for forgetting her birthday.\" Michelle said. 'Ah, I see,' Aggie replied. 'I just have to collect my grandchildren, it's little Marnie's time now.' \"Oh, my, is she thirteen already?\" Michelle smiled. 'Yes, time does fly, doesn't it?' Aggie chuckled. 'But yes, it's about her time.' \"Is your daughter going to be okay with her starting her training?' Michelle asked. 'We're just gonna have to wait and see,' Aggie sighed. 'Your mother was very lucky that she could keep custody of you since you didn't have witch powers at birth when she adopted you.' \"Oh, I know,\" Michelle remembered that trial with the Witches Council. \"I was so scared for both of us.\" 'I know.' Aggie smiled. \"Thanks so much, Aggie, you're a life saver,\" Michelle beamed. \"I just know this'll be perfect for my little Cherry.\" 'Anything for a good friend's daughter,' Aggie giggled. 'I just hope she doesn't mind my grandchildren.' \"Hard to say, though I'm sure Atticus will want to bond with Dylan.\" Michelle guessed. 'We'll just have to see.' Aggie said. \"Thank you, thank you, thank you.\" Michelle beamed. A few days later... \"Happy Birthday, Mom.\" Cherry handed one of her birthday cookies to her mother since it was October 30th, the day before Halloween and Michelle's birthday. \"Oh, dark chocolate, my favorite,\" Michelle smiled as she accepted the cookie from her daughter. \"Thanks, Cherry Berry.\" \"You're welcome.\" Cherry said. Michelle then happily ate the cookie. \"Excited about Halloween tomorrow?\" \"I guess.\" Cherry shrugged, still a little down that her own best friend forgot her birthday. \"Now, Cherry, I'm sure Atticus will do something to make up for forgetting your birthday.\" Michelle said. \"Mm...\" Cherry hummed lowly. \"Anyway, I'm expecting someone tomorrow.\" Michelle said. \"Oh... Okay, I'll come out to get my dinner and give you two some privacy until I go to the cemetery.\" Cherry replied. \"Actually, I'd like you to be down here when she arrives.\" Michelle said. \"What?!\" Cherry asked. \"It's just a little favor, Cherry...\" Michelle told her daughter. \"Agatha is a good friend of your grandmother's.\" Cherry then sighed, trying not to sound like a smart aleck about it. \"All right, Mom.\" \"Thanks, sweetie.\" Michelle smiled. \"Okay, Mom.\" Cherry replied. Michelle still smiled, knowing tomorrow was going to be a lot of fun for her dark and gloomy daughter. The next day came sooner than anyone knew. Of course, for Cherry, Halloween night came closer for her than anyone else, and she was wearing a ghoulish costume. Michelle was dressed as a female vampire since that was usually what she wore when she used to trick-or-treat with Cherry's brother when he was a kid. She then heard the doorbell and she pretended not to know who it was until she opened the door to show an older blonde woman at the door. \"Oh, it's Aggie Cromwell!\" she then announced with glee. \"And if it isn't Michelle Butler?\" Aggie smiled. The two laughed and hugged each other. \"Hi, Aggie!\" Bud smiled as he was going to be social. \"Oh, and this must be your Bud,\" Aggie smiled back to him before smirking playfully toward Michelle. \"I'm going to snag him off your hands if you're not careful.\" \"Oh, ha, ha.\" Michelle smirked playfully back. Aggie chuckled before looking to the ghoulish girl. \"Oh, is this Cherry?\" \"Yes, this is her.\" Michelle confirmed. \"Hello, Cherry, Happy Halloween.\" Aggie smiled. \"Hello, ma'am.\" Cherry replied dryly. There was soon a knocking at the door. \"Oh, another visitor.\" Aggie smiled. Michelle then answered the door. She soon saw Atticus dressed up as Superman. \"Oh, Atticus, come on in.\" She smiled as she let in the strong boy. Atticus smiled back and came inside. \"Let me feel those muscles,\" Bud smiled to Atticus before he soon did and where it felt like solid steel. \"You should help me with a project someday.\" \"Maybe later, Bud.\" Atticus chuckled. \"You got it.\" Bud said. \"Hey, Cherry, Happy Halloween.\" Atticus smiled. \"You look like a dork.\" Cherry muttered. \"Cherry!\" Michelle frowned. \"It's okay,\" Atticus said. \"That's just her opinion.\" \"Ready to go?\" Aggie asked Cherry and Atticus. \"Let's just get this over with.\" Cherry shrugged. \"Oh, trust me, Cherry, this will be worth it.\" Atticus smiled. \"Happy Halloween!\" Aggie called out to Bud and Michelle on the way out the door. Bud and Michelle waved as Aggie first took Cherry and Atticus to meet her grandchildren. \"And away we go.\" Atticus said. \"Joy.\" Cherry muttered. \"Don't be such a grumpy gus, you'll love this,\" Aggie soothed her. \"I'm sure little Sophie is looking out the window right now, watching the little trick-or-treaters.\" \"Is she your oldest or youngest granddaughter?\" Atticus asked. \"Sophie is the youngest.\" Aggie replied. \"That's good to know.\" Atticus said. Cherry sighed as she didn't find this to be important, though she would be proved wrong soon enough. It was soon dark and many kids in costumes were going around to collect candy for tonight. \"We're almost there.\" Aggie said. \"Joy.\" Cherry sighed, though she was still upset with Atticus since he had known her for a long time and he forgot her birthday. Atticus let it slide for now as he knew she would get over it soon once Aggie would take them to the secret place. Surprisingly for them, Aggie's bag moved. Aggie waited for a bus to take them to her daughter's house where her grandchildren were and she would then take them to the fabled world known as Halloween Town. Strangely enough, the bus could fly. \"Ooh, flying bus...\" Atticus spookily told Cherry. \"We see flying cars all the time.\" Cherry replied dryly. \"Dang it, you're right.\" Atticus groaned. \"Don't worry, she'll warm up once we get to the town.\" Aggie smiled to Atticus. \"I hope you're right.\" Atticus sighed as he made sure his cape didn't get caught in the door as they went on the bus. Once in the bus, they saw the driver and many monsters in the bus. Cherry wasn't too surprised. Atticus just hoped that Cherry would forgive him by the time they would leave Halloween Town. Once they boarded onto the bus, it floated in the sky and then flew off to take Aggie, Cherry, and Atticus to where Aggie's grandchildren lived with her currently single daughter, and where Aggie was right about her youngest granddaughter.[Chapter 2] When the bus landed and made a random stop appear so mortals wouldn't be suspicious, Aggie came out of the bus with Cherry and Atticus as she floated down from the bus with her umbrella almost like Mary Poppins. Aggie was sure that Cherry would get along great with Marnie, her oldest granddaughter, who loved Halloween just as much as she did. \"Oh, come on.\" Aggie told her shaking bag. Her bag simply shook as if saying it wouldn't come. \"Come on...\" Aggie continued. The bag still shook as it stayed where it was. \"Suit yourself,\" Aggie shrugged and looked to Cherry and Atticus. \"Come with me, children.\" \"See ya.\" Atticus smirked at the bag. The bag soon gave in and followed them down the street and floated into Aggie's hand. Aggie giggled and cooed as she picked up her bag and hugged it in her arms. \"Witches are weird...\" Cherry rolled her eyes. \"Some witches.\" Atticus said. \"Ah, I hear you two are close with the Spellmans.\" Aggie smiled. \"You could say that,\" Atticus smiled back. \"I can't remember where we were going, but it was raining one day and it was too dangerous to go anywhere, so Hilda and Zelda helped us and then we met Sabrina.\" \"It's true.\" Cherry said. Aggie smirked as she decided to surprise and sneak up on her daughter as she came to the house with Cherry and Atticus as a redheaded woman was at the stove while a plate of cookies was at the table and a little girl looked away as she couldn't have any until after dinner, but then, one of the cookies seemed to float to her. The woman quickly snatched the cookie and hid it in her mouth. The little girl tilted her head to her mother. \"Were you just eating a cookie?\" 'Busted.' Atticus thought to himself with a smirk. \"Grandma!\" The little girl beamed. \"What're you doing here?\" The girl's mother asked as Aggie came to hug her. \"Grandma! Grandma!\" A preteen boy and a teenage girl soon ran into the room to see Aggie. \"Why aren't any of you out trick-or-treating or at any Halloween parties?\" Cherry asked. \"We can't go,\" The teenage girl complained. \"Mom won't let us, but she never tells us why.\" \"I don't mind staying in on Halloween.\" The boy replied. \"Um, Mother, who are your young friends?\" The mother asked. \"Oh, I'm sorry,\" Aggie chuckled. \"Gwen, these are Cherry and Atticus. Cherry is Mary Ruth's granddaughter.\" \"Ooh...\" Aggie's daughter's eyes widened. \"Atticus is her guest,\" Aggie continued. \"I hope you don't mind that they've come along.\" \"Of course not.\" Gwen said. \"I just love Halloween,\" Marnie beamed. \"Nobody loves it as much as I do.\" \"Uh-oh,\" Atticus smirked toward Cherry. \"You've got some competition.\" \"I don't care.\" Cherry rolled her eyes. Atticus sighed as not even Halloween couldn't perk her up. \"Anyway, it's nice to meet you all.\" Cherry said. \"Sorry if she's cranky, she's a little mad that I forgot her birthday.\" Atticus told the others. \"Ooh, that's a bit rough...\" The oldest girl winced. \"These are my children,\" Gwen introduced. \"Marnie, Dylan, and Sophie.\" Sophie was the first to wonder if Aggie had any presents for them. \"Sophie...\" Gwen warned her youngest. \"Oh, presents, presents, presents,\" Aggie replied. \"What kind of grandma do you think I'd be if I didn't bring presents? They're right here in my suitcase, I just, I... Where did that thing get to?\" she then looked around before going off. \"Oh, just a minute.\" Gwen rolled her eyes while Marnie, Dylan, and Sophie looked amused. Atticus soon brought over Aggie's bag who struggling to get free. \"Ah, thank you, Atticus,\" Aggie replied as she took the bag before hitting it slightly. \"Here it is!\" \"How come you've been gone so long, Grandma?\" Sophie asked. \"Oh, you know, one thing and another,\" Aggie sighed softly before glancing to her daughter and cuddling her grandchildren. \"But the important thing is that I'm here now, and so glad to see you all.\" \"Hmm... This place needs decorations.\" Atticus said. \"Come with me.\" Aggie smiled as she led them all into the living room. Marnie stayed behind to speak with her mother while her younger siblings were excited to see Aggie again. \"Hmm... I don't know, how about a cute Jack-O-Lantern?\" Atticus asked. \"Of course, of course, but first...\" Aggie said before she took out a skeleton in a pile of candy from inside of her bag. \"Candy!\" Sophie cheered. \"Nice.\" Atticus smiled. \"Ooh, that's the spirit!\" Aggie beamed to her grandchildren. Gwen didn't look happy however. \"Put on our bikinis and go swimming in it!\" Aggie beamed in excitement as she tossed the skeleton and her robe against her daughter who looked overwhelmed. \"Oh, and then we'll put up the decorations so we can get this party started!\" \"Look, Grandma dressed up for Halloween!\" Sophie smiled at her grandmother's outfit. \"What? Oh, yes, of course, I did,\" Aggie smiled back. \"I always do!\" \"Now for those decorations.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, here, honey,\" Aggie said as she brought out a ring of garlic which disgusted her grandchildren. \"I want you to go and hang this around the doorknob. It annoys the vampires.\" Cherry looked like she was going to be sick as she caught a whiff of the garlic. Atticus soon gave her a nose clothespin. Cherry soon calmed down once she couldn't smell the garlic anymore. \"This bag defies logic,\" Dylan said as he brought out a jar filled with eyeballs. \"How does all this stuff fit in here?\" Marnie shrugged at him as they emptied their grandmother's bag. Atticus knew how all the decorations and candy could fit in the bag. \"You know, dear, if I'm not mistaken, this is Marnie's thirteenth Halloween,\" Aggie told Gwen. \"Wonderfully lucky number 13.\" Marnie took out a bat which looked so realistic that made Cherry give a small smirk. \"Totally.\" she then smiled to her grandmother as she was geeking out over her grandmother's Halloween decorations. \"Halloween is great.\" Atticus said. Marnie grinned in agreement. \"Yes, I'm well aware of what number it is, Mother.\" Gwen muttered to Aggie. \"Hey, look!\" Marnie beamed as she took out a trinket. \"A pentagram!\" \"Ooh.\" Atticus smiled. \"This is nice.\" Cherry admitted as she took a look. \"Lon Chaney had one of these on his palm when he got bitten by that werewolf.\" Marnie told the others as she held the trinket. \"Impressive.\" Cherry said. \"So he did,\" Aggie smiled to her eldest grandchild as she wore the trinket around her neck. \"I've always said the movies can teach us about life-\" \"Mother, as I just got through telling Marnie, Halloween is not-\" Gwen interrupted her mother only to be interrupted herself. \"What else can I do, Grandma?\" Sophie beamed. 'She sure is a happy child.' Cherry thought to herself. \"Well, now, why don't you put out the pumpkins, you see?\" Aggie handed out a pumpkin to her youngest grandchild. \"They have such cute little faces, just like yours!\" \"Neat!\" Sophie beamed. 'Wow, her bag has everything.' Atticus thought to himself. \"Oh, and I thought you'd appreciate these.\" Aggie told Marnie as she took out a stone with Ancient Egyptian symbols on them. \"Hey, those are hieroglyphics.\" Cherry noticed. \"Very smart that you knew that.\" Aggie said. \"Cherry is pretty good when it comes to Ancient Egyptian artifacts.\" Atticus replied. \"Mother!\" Gwen gaped at Aggie. \"These look like the ones from the Egyptian Book of the Dead.\" Marnie took a look with Cherry. \"Yes, they do.\" Cherry agreed. Atticus was happy that Cherry had someone who liked Halloween as much as she did. \"Very good,\" Aggie smiled to both girls. \"I'll bet you two get A's in school.\" \"Actually, Marnie gets B's and C's, I get the A's.\" Dylan smirked. 'He sure likes to brag.' Atticus thought to himself. Marnie swatted against her brother in annoyance. \"You know, Grandma, this is totally awesome,\" she then smiled as she continued to look in the bottomless bag. \"Like, no one here appreciates my taste in weird stuff.\" \"Encouragement, not good!\" Dylan whispered up to his mother. \"No.\" Gwen shook her head. \"And you know what else?\" Marnie continued. \"I have deja vu a lot, I mean, like all the time.\" \"Really?\" Cherry asked. Aggie looked the most intrigued about that as Marnie nodded to Cherry. \"Well, you know, if you could practice-\" \"Mother!\" Gwen stopped her right there. \"Could I talk to you in the kitchen for just one minute?\" 'What is with her?' Atticus thought to himself. \"Absolutely, dear,\" Aggie smiled to Gwen. \"As soon as I get children costumes.\" \"Costumes?!\" Gwen gasped. Aggie soon bright out three costumes. Atticus looked excited, Cherry was too even if she didn't look it just yet. Aggie's grandchildren seemed to love their costumes even though one of them looked like a pimple. Marnie was given a special costume, Sophie was given a ghost costume, and Dylan was given what looked like a viking barbarian hero. \"Awesome, I'm a Wiccan!\" Marnie beamed. \"I'm a ghost!\" Sophie cheered. \"I think I'm a big pimple.\" Dylan muttered. \"You're a viking.\" Atticus said. \"All right, that's it!\" Gwen snapped just as Cherry was getting in a better mood. \"Mother, these children are not going out trick-or-treating, and now, it is time, for dinner!\" \"Oh, come on!\" Cherry complained. \"No, no, she's right, she's right,\" Aggie replied. \"We'll eat the candy later.\" She then added with a whisper before going to talk with her daughter. They soon went in to eat dinner, luckily Gwen had enough to share with Cherry and Atticus. After dinner, Sophie was doing her best to sound like a ghost. Marnie and Dylan chuckled out of amusement of their younger sister. \"Oh, no, dear, it's more like a moan sound,\" Aggie advised. \"You know, ghosts tend to be very depressed creatures. Anyway, like this...\" She then demonstrated with her own ghostly moan. \"Impressive.\" Atticus said. \"Well, Mother, your visit's been very educational,\" Gwen folded her arms with a smirk. \"But, it's time for bed.\" \"Aw, Mom!\" The kids complained. \"Can't they stay up a bit longer?\" Atticus and Cherry added. Atticus was surprised, but he did smile at Cherry's optimism. Then again, it was Halloween. \"Oh, but she's right,\" Aggie agreed with her daughter before looking to the children. \"Your mother and I need to talk about... Grown-up things anyway.\" \" BOOOORRING! \" Cherry yelled out. \"Let's leave them alone.\" Atticus said. \"All right,\" Cherry said. \"Nice outing, Atticus...\" she then rolled her eyes as this was a boring Halloween since she couldn't go out or scare anybody. \"Trust me, this will get better.\" Atticus said. \"Mm...\" Cherry hummed in disbelief. \"Why don't you go to Krypton? Oh, that's right,\" she then smirked. \"They destroyed it.\" \"Not cool, Cherry.\" Atticus scolded for bringing that up since he was dressed as a young Superman. \"Oh, calm down.\" Cherry said. \"You know how personally I take that,\" Atticus pouted. \"What if I said something about Thomas and Martha Wayne?\" Cherry then sunk in her seat, not saying anything. \"Please tell us a bedtime story.\" Sophie said to Aggie. \"That sounds nice.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, great idea!\" Marnie agreed.' \"Yeah!\" Dylan added in. Gwen flashed him a look. \"I mean... Horrible idea.\" Dylan covered up. \"Mama's boy.\" Cherry muttered. The kids soon pleaded their mother and Aggie gave her daughter a long look. \"Well...\" Gwen replied. \"All right, but just one.\" \"You won't regret it.\" Atticus said. \"I'm starting to regret coming here.\" Cherry muttered. \"See you upstairs, Grandma.\" Marnie smiled and kissed Aggie's cheek before going with Dylan and Sophie. \"You guys get ready for bed,\" Gwen told her children. \"We'll be right up.\" \"We'll be upstairs.\" Atticus said. \"Most boring Halloween ever...\" Cherry muttered. \"I know, dear, it is so plain and ordinary here,\" Aggie agreed. \"That's why I want my daughter to move back home with her children.\" \"I doubt she'll agree.\" Cherry scoffed. \"Please, Gwen,\" Aggie continued to plead her daughter. \"Since William's passed on, there's nothing here to hold you here.\" \"Nothing has to hold me here, Mother,\" Gwen replied. \"I can have a normal life here. They can have a normal life here.\" \"Being normal is boring!\" Cherry complained. \"Vastly overrated.\" Aggie agreed. \"And most of all, if not, exciting.\" Atticus added. \"Well, I like being normal.\" Gwen replied. Aggie gave her daughter an estranged look for that declaration. Gwen was going to keep talking, but she wasn't sure if she could around Cherry and Atticus since she didn't know them. \"We're magical too.\" Atticus said. \"She is Mary Ruth's granddaughter,\" Aggie said about Cherry. \"And if I'm not mistaken, Atticus is the nephew of Delilah.\" \"Yeah!\" Atticus beamed. \"I know that last name anywhere, 'Fudo'.\" Aggie smiled. Atticus smiled proudly about his last name. \"The fact is, we're not normal,\" Gwen soon concluded which made Gwen roll her eyes. \"Every time you come into this house, it's chaos, and the candy, the decorations, and the...\" she then paused with a sigh. \"Mother... Mom, let's not fight again. I know you're only here for a couple of hours, go and tell them a story. Talk to them and get to know them, but on your honor, don't tell them about home. You can take these kids with you there, but not mine.\" \"Why?\" Cherry asked. \"What's so wrong about Halloween?\" \"I just don't like it or anything to do with it, besides, it might be dangerous.\" Gwen replied. \"Lady, PLEASE!\" Cherry complained. \"Halloween is the best time of the year! It's like an early Christmas celebration, but with more candy!\" \"And besides, what danger?\" Atticus asked. \"They have a point, dear.\" Aggie smirked. Gwen sighed to this. \"Take me home.\" Cherry told Atticus. \" WHAT?! \" Atticus asked. \"This is the most boringest Halloween ever,\" Cherry replied. \"Just take me home.\" \"Don't worry, dear, it'll get exciting.\" Aggie assured her. \"If you say so...\" Cherry rolled her eyes. They soon came upstairs to Marnie, Dylan, and Sophie to help them to bed for the night with a bedtime story from Aggie. After a short time of waiting, Aggie finally came upstairs. The kids were all excited and in their pajamas even if they spent another Halloween indoors. \"Hi,\" Dylan appeared in the door-frame. \"Just making sure everyone's got their thermostat set to 68 degrees, because it's important to conserve energy during the evening hours-\" \"Dylan, just get in here.\" Marnie impatiently told him. Dylan soon got in the room. \"Which story are you gonna tell us, Grandma?\" Sophie smiled. \"Is it one I know?\" \"Oh, no, I wouldn't think so,\" Aggie replied. \"My story is about a magical place where many sorts of different creatures live together in peace.\" \"Like Cleveland?\" Dylan asked which made Cherry snort. \"I hear they have a nice school district.\" \"Yeah, I doubt that's the place she's talking about.\" Cherry said. \"You're right, Cherry,\" Aggie smiled which excited Marnie. \"This place is called 'Halloween Town', and the residents are a bit more... Exotic. Monsters, goblins, ghosts, vampires, gnomes, and skeletons.\" \"Do they have dybbuks and banshees there too?\" Marnie asked in excitement. \"By the dozens,\" Aggie smiled which made Dylan roll his eyes. \"And of course, a few very fine witches.\" \"I don't like witches,\" Sophie pouted even though Marnie grinned at the mention of witches. \"They're mean and scary.\" \"Drell sure is.\" Cherry quietly smirked. \"Not all witches are mean, just the evil kind; other witches are nice and kind.\" Atticus said. \"Atticus is right, dear.\" Aggie agreed. \"And some can be beautiful.\" Atticus said. \"Well, they're just like everyone else,\" Aggie said. \"Some are kind, some are mean. That's the way they use their magic. You can't tell what's in a monster's heart just by looking at 'em. I mean, sometimes, some of the slimiest, raunchiest, ugliest little monsters turn out to be the nicest.\" \"I wanna go there!\" Sophie beamed. \"Um, Sophie, I'm afraid it's not real.\" Cherry lied. Atticus and Aggie frowned to her. \"Excuse me, we have an impressionable young child here,\" Dylan spoke up. \"I agree with Cherry and we should make it clear that this place is pretend.\" 'Oh, he is so going to be proven wrong.' Atticus thought to himself. Aggie then told her grandchildren that she didn't make Halloween Town up and how she read about it in a book. \"So you see, maybe it is real.\" \"A book?\" Dylan asked. \"What book?\" \"Oh,\" Aggie said before taking out a book from her pocket on the world she had mentioned. \"There! Halloween Town.\" \"Nice.\" Atticus smiled. \"Let me see that...\" Cherry said as she took the book and looked with the others. \"Look, a ghost!\" Sophie pointed to one picture. \"Just like we were playing, Grandma!\" \"Mm-hmm.\" Aggie smiled and nodded as she turned the page. \"Wow, where'd you get this book?\" Cherry asked. \"Where do you think?\" Aggie giggled before she turned another page to see a witch who looked a lot like her older granddaughter on a broomstick dressed up like a witch. \"Look, it's Marnie!\" Sophie pointed. \"Whoa,\" Atticus said about the resemblance. \"How uncanny.\" Marnie took the book as she looked at the picture and couldn't believe it herself. \"It is me...\" Dylan then swiped the book with a scoff. \"She doesn't look anything like you! She's way too cute.\" \"Are you calling your sister cute?\" Cherry smirked. \"This is from a guy who could win an ugly contest.\" Marnie added. \"Well, there is quite a resemblance,\" Aggie smiled. \"Or perhaps Marnie has a secret life we don't know anything about~\" \"Yeah.\" Atticus nodded. \"Well, if she is a witch, she's got the weird part down pact,\" Dylan scoffed at his older sister. \"It's just the magic powers she's missing!\" \"Oh, brother.\" Atticus groaned. \"What about it, dear?\" Aggie smiled to Marnie. \"Have you cast any spells or taken midnight flights through the sky?\" \"I wish,\" Marnie shook her head. \"But the truth is... There's nothing special about me.\" \"Oh, no, no, dear, you're very special,\" Aggie smiled. \"You're a Cromwell! And since the dawn of time, the Cromwells have been the most powerful-\" Atticus soon stopped her there. \"Mother,\" Gwen said as she came into the room. \"It's getting late. You wouldn't want to miss your bus back home.\" \"Aww... Grandma has to go?\" Sophie pouted. Gwen nodded to confirm this. \"She'll be back next year.\" Atticus promised. Cherry rolled her eyes. What a waste of a good Halloween, and what a year this turned out to be for her. \"But can't you stay overnight, Grandma?\" Marnie frowned. \"Oh, no, dear, your mother's quite right,\" Aggie replied. \"If I don't head home by midnight, well, it's just... Just... A long time until the next bus, now, kiss Grandma good night.\" After the grandchildren kissed Aggie good night, she walked out the room. \" That was the best Halloween ever?\" Cherry complained to Atticus. \"That was lame!\" \"It's not over yet.\" Atticus said. \"Just take me home.\" Cherry sighed out of boredom. \"All right, Cherry, let's just wait for the bus.\" Atticus smirked. Gwen and Aggie were talking in the kitchen, but when they would be done, Aggie would join Cherry and Atticus outside, and where she even told Gwen about what was going on in Halloween Town. Atticus listened in while Cherry sulked about this year's Halloween being just a bust for her. Atticus then chuckled as Aggie snapped her fingers and turned the fried chicken in a bowl into a live chicken which startled Gwen. Unknown to any of them, Marnie was listening in too and even spied on what was going on. She was of course very shocked to witness actual magic and it had been hidden from her and her siblings for their whole lives. Eventually, Aggie finally left her daughter's house and her grandchildren were now going to find out the truth about Halloween Town, and where Marnie told Dylan everything she found out. Dylan, of course, did not believe her.[Chapter 3] The kids were going to sneak into Halloween Town with their grandmother, but little did they know, this was going to be an adventure for all of them, especially there. \"Now just have to wait for the bus.\" Atticus said. \"Thank you for waiting,\" Aggie told them as she hiked up her hood. \"I'm sorry about tonight, Cherry.\" \"Well, at least this night is almost over.\" Cherry sighed. Atticus sighed to her. Little did they know, Marnie, Dylan, and Sophie were right behind them as they waited for the bus. The bus soon came to let them in. \"Hi, Skinner.\" Aggie smiled. \"Hello, Aggie.\" The driver replied to take her out of the Mortal World. Once they were on the bus; Aggie, Atticus, and Cherry took their seats. Marnie, Dylan, and Sophie then snuck on after they sat down, and where the bus was soon on its way to Halloween Town. Cherry yawned as she felt very bored, but luckily, they were on the way to Halloween Town, and luckily for her, Halloween lasted longer than it did in the Mortal Realm. And where nothing would ruin it for her. \"Tell me, have you two been to Monster High?\" Aggie smiled to Cherry and Atticus. \"No, not yet.\" Cherry and Atticus said. \"Oh, I hope you do soon, it's such a lovely school.\" Aggie smiled. \"We'll be sure to go there.\" Cherry said. Soon enough, it looked bright as daylight as the bus was coming in for a landing while monster citizens were roaming about. \"Whoa.\" Cherry said. \"Welcome to Halloween Town.\" Aggie told Cherry. \"We're really here...\" Cherry actually smiled. \"I can't believe we're really here.\" \"Surprise!\" Atticus smiled. When the bus stopped, everyone stood up out of their seats and went to get off. Aggie smiled until she bumped into someone. \"Aggie! How are you, dear?\" The woman smiled. \"Oh, Harriet, I'm fine,\" Aggie smiled back. \"I have some company, and one of them is a certain witch's granddaughter and the other one is a Wiccan~\" \"Hello.\" Atticus and Cherry smiled. \"Oh, that has to be Mary Ruth's granddaughter,\" Harriet said about Cherry. \"She has her mother's smile.\" \"And luckily, she has her own magic,\" Aggie nodded before looking to Cherry and Atticus. \"Children, this is my dear friend, Harriet.\" \"I take care of headless creatures.\" Harriet smiled. \"That's nice of you.\" Atticus smiled back. \"Been to visit mortals, eh?\" Harriet asked Aggie. \"Didn't have time this year myself, doing some volunteer work down at the Headless Shelter. Poor dears...\" she then held out her basket. \"Anyone care for a muffin?\" \"Me.\" Atticus smiled. \"I baked them for the folks at the shelter,\" Harriet smiled back as she handed him a muffin. \"Didn't occur to me they couldn't eat them: No heads!\" she then cackled innocently. Atticus soon enjoyed the muffin. He shook a chill down his spine as he glanced to City Hall as they walked along with Aggie while Harriet went to do her work. Marnie, Sophie, and Dylan soon came out from the back door of the bus to explore Halloween Town up close, and where it was all real, but Dylan was still in denial. \"I don't get it!\" Dylan told his sisters as they were shocked and amazed. \"Monsters are just pretend!\" \"Dylan, this is Halloween Town, just like the book!\" Marnie beamed as she saw a stand with a giant Jack-O-Lantern on it. Sophie nodded in agreement with her older sister. \"Or maybe we fell asleep on the bus,\" Dylan replied. \"Yeah, that's it. It's... All a dream.\" Marnie and Sophie didn't think this was a dream. \"The decorations, the goblins, the witches, the ghosts, and Grandma,\" Dylan told his sisters. \"She was a dream, too.\" \"Oh, no, Grandma!\" Marnie panicked. \"Where'd she go? She's gotta be around here somewhere... We've got to find her.\" Dylan soon pulled her arm and pointed to Sophie who was alone far away from them, and where they were actually surprised to see her since they thought she was fast asleep back home. Aggie allowed Cherry and Atticus to explore around Halloween Town. Cherry ran around in wild wonder as she felt very pleased to be here. Atticus was happy that Cherry was happy now. \"Oh, someone seems to be having fun.\" A pink girl who appeared to be a vampire smiled at Cherry. \"Uh, yeah, I guess you could say that,\" Cherry replied. \"Are you a vampire?\" \"Yes, of course I am,\" The girl smiled, showing her fangs. \"I am Dracula's daughter.\" \"He has more than two daughters?\" Cherry asked. \"Oh, I guess you've heard of my sisters,\" The vampire girl smiled. \"I'm Draculaura.\" \"I guess you like blood too then, huh?\" Cherry asked. \"Oh, no, no,\" Draculaura shook her head before she looked paler than usual. \"I can't have blood, it makes me feel woozy~\" \"Oh, uh, that's interesting.\" Cherry said. \"That's just how I feel though.\" Draculaura replied innocently. Cherry soon heard a howl and looked over to see a werewolf girl. \"Oh, there's my friend, Clawdeen.\" Draculaura smiled. \"Let me guess, that's the werewolf's first daughter?\" Cherry guessed. \"Yes, Clawdeen,\" Draculaura smiled before the werewolf girl hopped down and landed beside. \"Clawdeen, this is-Oh, I'm sorry, what was your name?\" \"Call me Cherry.\" Cherry told the girls. \"Hello there, Cherry, I'm Clawdeen Wolf.\" Clawdeen smirked. \"It's nice to meet you.\" Cherry said. \"You seem different for a normy.\" Draculaura said. \"Normy?\" Cherry asked. \"That's what we call humans,\" Clawdeen explained. \"But I like your difference.\" \"I'm not a human.\" Cherry said. \"Oh...\" Clawdeen and Draculaura blinked. Cherry opened her mouth to show her vampire fangs which were a bit smaller than Draculaura's. \"Oh, she's a fellow vampire!\" Draculaura beamed in excitement. \"Yep.\" Cherry nodded. \"Do you like blood?\" Draculaura asked. \"Uh, not as much as Sprite.\" Cherry shrugged. This made Draculaura and Clawdeen laugh. \"What?\" Cherry asked. Atticus smiled as Cherry made some new friends and soon shook another chill as a man with a top hat came out from City Hall to see Marnie, Dylan, and Sophie. \"Looks like they followed us.\" He then said. \"Oh, hello there,\" The man smiled to Atticus. \"What's your name?\" \"Atticus Fudo.\" Atticus replied. \"Fudo, huh?\" The man asked. \"That's a nice name.\" \"Thank you, sir.\" Atticus said. \"This guy says he knows where our grandma lives.\" Marnie said. \"Yes, she's lived in the same house for 200 years,\" The man nodded. \"I'll get Benny to run you all up there.\" He then whistled which summoned a cab. Cherry was soon coming towards them as she had lost track of Aggie. She nearly got hit by the cab, but luckily, both missed each other. \"Come on.\" The man told the kids to join him in the cab. \"We really appreciate you doing this for us.\" Marnie said before flinching as the driver was a living skeleton. \"Cool.\" Atticus smiled. \"Howdy, Mayor, what's the rush?\" The skeleton asked the man. \"I'm on my lunch hour, Filet-O-Fish!\" he then took out a fish bone. \"HA! Just kiddin', what's the ticket?\" \"Well, I found a bunch of Cromwells in the town square,\" The man told him. \"Need you to give 'em a lift up to their grandma's place.\" \"Along with some friends.\" Cherry said. \"Sure, it's just over the river and through the woods!\" The driver laughed at his little joke. \"No, actually, just it's just two streets over, up a quarter mile past the old movie theater.\" \"Say hi to Aggie for me.\" The man told the kids as they got into the backseat of the cab. \"We sure will.\" Atticus said. \"There ya go,\" The mayor smiled before smirking to the skeleton. \"He's a much better driver than a comedian.\" \"Hey!\" The skeleton glared. \"Thanks for your help!\" Marnie smiled back to the man. \"So long, Soapy.\" The man replied before tapping the top of the car with his cane. The car soon drove off. The driver soon drove them to Aggie's house while Dylan seemed to be staring at him. \"So, Benny, um, have any family that goes to Monster High?\" Cherry asked. \"I got a niece named Skelita Calaveras, though she lives in Campasuchill, Hexico with her family.\" Benny replied. \"That's good to know.\" Cherry said. \"I guess you met Draculaura and Clawdeen.\" Benny chuckled. \"Yep.\" Cherry nodded. \"This is so amazing.\" Marnie smiled at the sights and sounds of Halloween Town. \"Yeah, it's a pretty nice place,\" Benny replied. \"Better than a lot of graveyards I've hung out in. But that don't mean you kids can go running around by yourselves.\" \"Why?\" Atticus asked. \"Well, let's just say there are characters around here that aren't the most savory,\" Benny replied before glancing out the window. \"Like that kid, Luke.\" \"What's so bad about him?\" Cherry asked. \"Ah, he's just the local punk,\" Benny told her. \"He thinks he's a big shot just because he got a nose job and had a few warts removed. Claims some shadow creature gave it to him. HA!\" He soon pulled up in front of a gate. \"Well, here we are: Chez Cromwell!\" \"Thanks.\" Atticus said. \"Cool!\" Marnie smiled at her grandmother's place as she came out with Sophie and Dylan along with Cherry and Atticus. \"Uh, thanks for the ride,\" she then told the skeleton driver. \"Do you take dollars?\" \"Ah, don't worry about it,\" Benny replied. \"Pay me in the next life. HA!\" \"Wow.\" Cherry said. \"See ya, kids!\" Benny called out as he drove off. \"Bye!\" Marnie waved to him on the way out. \"He's probably animatronic,\" Dylan told the others. \"Disneyland's full of stuff like that.\" \"You are such a non-believer.\" Atticus scoffed at him. \"Yeah, not even I'm so pessimistic.\" Cherry added which was saying a lot about herself. \"Yeah, when Mr. Lincoln drives me to the store, we'll talk.\" Marnie scoffed to her brother as she took Sophie's hand as they walked up to the gate together. \"It's locked?\" Cherry asked out of confusion as she saw the gate was locked. \"Better head home.\" Dylan suggested. \"No way,\" Marnie replied. \"This is the perfect chance for me to try my powers.\" \"Powers?\" Dylan scoffed. \"What powers?\" \"Well, I don't know, I haven't tried them yet.\" Marnie shrugged. \"Give 'em a whirl.\" Atticus said to Marnie. \"Uh... Abracadabra...\" Marnie tried out, but that didn't work. \"Open Sesame?\" Dylan just rolled his eyes at his older sister. \"Try making something up.\" Cherry said. \"Trust me, it works as long as the words rhyme.\" Atticus added. \"Uh... Let's see...\" Marnie pondered as she was going to try her best. \" 'Big iron lock that keeps us out, Open up your big iron mouth' !\" \"You call that a spell?\" Dylan scoffed again. \"'Out' and 'Mouth' don't even rhyme!\" \"Maybe I can get the lock to open.\" Atticus said. Marnie and Dylan soon began to argue as Atticus looked ready to open the gate as Sophie stared at it slightly until it opened on its own. \"Huh?\" Atticus asked out of confusion. \"Sophie, how did you do that?\" Marnie asked her little sister. \"I pushed.\" Sophie replied. \"Yeah, but what happened to the lock?\" Cherry asked. \"I wished the lock'd turn into a frog.\" Sophie smiled innocently. They soon looked down to see a croaking frog by the gate who then looked back up at them. \"Wow.\" Atticus said. They soon rushed over to Aggie's house to go see her since the gate was opened. She was now in the kitchen making something. She sensed something in the air and soon opened the door to see her grandchildren.[Chapter 4] \"Hi, Grandma!\" Sophie smiled. \"Oh, my stars!\" Aggie smiled back as she hugged and kissed her grandchildren, but was very surprised to see them here in Halloween Town. \"How did you get here?\" \"They followed us here.\" Atticus said. \"We took the bus.\" Sophie smiled. \"I came to start my training, Grandma.\" Marnie informed. \"Your training?\" Aggie asked before laughing a bit. \"I thought there was someone eavesdropping.\" They soon came inside. \"Sorry about this, Aggie.\" Cherry said to the witch woman. \"Oh, no harm done,\" Aggie smiled. \"I suppose I can assume their mother doesn't know they're here.\" \"No, but she'll most likely think you brought then with us behind her back.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, yes, she'll be very upset when she finds them gone.\" Aggie agreed. \"Can't we just call her?\" Dylan asked. \"No, no, dear,\" Aggie replied apologetically. \"I'm afraid we haven't worked out long-distance calls between worlds yet. No, I'll have to take you home myself.\" \"That would be the right thing to do.\" Cherry said. \"Aw, but you can't take us home.\" Marnie pouted. \"Yeah!\" Sophie agreed. \"We wanna help you fight the bad thing.\" \"Yeah, the bad thing or the force field, whatever it is,\" Marnie added. \"You said you needed another Cromwell witch. That could be me. You can train me!\" \"She's right.\" Atticus said. \"Yeah, well, I suppose it would be all right if you could stay a little while,\" Aggie smiled. \"As long as we get you home before it's midnight in the Mortal World.\" \"How long does that give us?\" Cherry asked. \"What do you mean?\" Marnie asked her. \"Midnight is only two hours from now!\" \"Actually, the Mortal Realm and the Magic Realm both work differently with time.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, I'm afraid they're right, dears,\" Aggie agreed with Cherry and Atticus. \"Two hours there, might be two days here, or two weeks if you're on vacation!\" \"What's this, Grandma?\" Dylan asked, looking into the cauldron. \"It's a cauldron,\" Atticus taught him. \"Most witches use it to see something using it like a magic mirror or just to make potions.\" \"I call it my Witch's Glass,\" Aggie smiled as she waved her hands over the top. \"It's been handed down through the Cromwell clan over many generations; I've been using it to keep my eye on things.\" \"Like what?\" Cherry asked. \"Now the glass shows me that some evil force is at work here in Halloween Town.\" Aggie replied. There was soon evil laughter heard from the cauldron. Dylan was very shocked at what he was witnessing. \"Also, the worst has yet to come.\" Aggie told them. \"Oh, my...\" Atticus said. \"Is there any way to stop it?\" Cherry asked. \"I'll show you,\" Aggie sighed. \"Follow me.\" \"Lead the way.\" Atticus said. Aggie came toward a special case to show out to them. \"Merlin himself used this talisman to end the Dark Ages over in the Mortal World, and I think it's just the thing to tackle our troubles here in Halloween Town,\" she educated them. \"Especially after his horrible break-up with one Zelda Spellman.\" \"Zelda dated Merlin?\" Atticus and Cherry asked out of surprise. \"Yes, she did,\" Aggie nodded. \"I forget why they broke up though, but it was pretty hard on the poor man.\" \"It must have been hard on Zelda too.\" Cherry said. There was then beeping heard from the microwave. \"Ooh!\" Aggie smiled and then opened the microwave door. \"Are you cooking chowder, Grandma?\" Sophie asked. \"I like chowder.\" \"I don't think she's cooking.\" Cherry said. \"I'm not,\" Aggie confirmed as she brought out a tiny cauldron before stirring the substance on the inside. \"This is Witch's Brew. It's a little recipe that I picked up in the sixth century. Around King Arthur's time.\" \"Wow.\" Atticus smiled. \"King Arthur?!\" Marnie asked in shock. \"How's this stuff gonna help?\" Dylan asked. \"Oh, by bringing this talisman back to life.\" Aggie replied as she opened the case and took out a silver scepter that had a white orb on the end. \"Cool.\" Atticus smiled. \"Pretty!\" Sophie added. \"Are you gonna use your magic to raise some spirits, have a big seance, and call on the Forces of Darkness to get it going?\" Marnie asked her grandmother. \"No, I'm just going to fill it up, and see if the lights come on.\" Aggie smiled. \"Um, okay?\" Atticus replied out of confusion. Aggie soon began to do what she said she was going to do. \"How much?\" Cherry asked. \"If I can get it lit and install it properly, it should suffice to drive away this force that threatens us.\" Aggie replied as she didn't put in too much. \"You just fill it up?\" Cherry asked. \"I do have to say a spell over it,\" Aggie replied. \"That's why I came to ask their mother to help me. You see, spells are much more powerful when more than one witch joins in. Especially if they're Cromwells.\" \"Well, I'll help you!\" Marnie smiled. \"I'm not sure, Marnie.\" Atticus said. \"That's very sweet of you, dear, but you haven't been trained yet,\" Aggie added in agreement. \"And since your mother isn't of the mind to help, I guess I'm just on my own.\" \"I can help.\" Cherry said. \"You wanna help someone?\" Atticus teased. Cherry stuck her tongue out at him before giving a small half-smile to Aggie. \"Thank you, dear.\" Aggie said. \"Just tell me what to do.\" Cherry replied. 'I've never seen Cherry like this.' Atticus thought to himself with a smile. \"All right, dear, you hold onto this while I chant.\" Aggie instructed as she handed the talisman to Cherry after sealing it shut. Cherry nodded as she accepted the talisman owned by Merlin himself. \" Bet y March, bet y Guythur, bet y Gugaun, Cledyfrutm anoeth bid! \" Aggie chanted as she sprinkled on the orb part of the talisman with special dust. The talisman soon started to look like it would start. The orb glowed which excited everyone at first. Unfortunately, the light quickly died out. \"Oh, drat!\" Aggie frowned firmly. \"That's what I get for trying to use instant. It just doesn't work like it does when you make it from scratch.\" \"Then let's get the ingredients we need \" Cherry said. \"That's something I can help you with, Grandma,\" Marnie smiled. \"I can cook!\" \"If you count pouring cereal,\" Dylan smirked before getting shoved. \"Ow!\" \"Let us all help.\" Atticus said. \"Well, let's look at the original recipe.\" Aggie replied as she then led them to her open book. \"What do we need?\" Cherry asked. \"Now, let's see here...\" Aggie took a look at her spell book. \"'Vampire's fang... Hair of a werewolf... Sweat of a ghost'...\" Cherry looked nervous at the mention of the vampire's fang. \"I suppose we could get these ingredients in town.\" Aggie then said which made Cherry breathe in relief. \"Whew.\" Cherry sighed. The grandchildren cheered out of excitement about exploring Halloween Town with their grandmother. \"Let's get started.\" Atticus said. Everyone then took a long look at Dylan. \"All right.\" Dylan soon smiled to all of them. \"Great.\" Atticus said. \"Yes!\" Marnie cheered. \"Then it's settled.\" Aggie smiled to Cherry, Atticus, Marnie, Dylan, and Sophie. \"Let's go.\" Atticus smiled back. \"Yeah!\" Cherry cheered.[Chapter 5] They soon went through the streets of Halloween Town. There were many monster teenagers who were students from Monster High, but they were on vacation from their classes this time around. \"Cool.\" Atticus smiled. \"Is there gonna be a Halloween Party today, Grandma?\" Sophie beamed as she held Aggie's hand. \"Everybody's all dressed up!\" \"Oh, this is the way we always dress, dear,\" Aggie smiled. \"The people who started your Halloween just imitated our traditions, Mortals see, mortals do. That's the way your mother ran into your father, by crashing a Halloween party! He loved her witch's costume.\" \"That's romantic.\" Cherry said. \"Hi, Aggie!\" A one-eyed woman smiled and waved. \"Hello, Sadie.\" Aggie smiled back. Even Dylan seemed to be in a good mood as they explored. \"You sure are in a good mood.\" Atticus said to Dylan. \"Yeah, what're you so happy about?\" Marnie added. \"I thought you didn't wanna come.\" \"I decided this really is a dream, so why worry?\" Dylan replied. \"Non-Believer.\" Cherry muttered. \"I like Halloween Town,\" Sophie said. \"But why do you have to live so far away, Grandma?\" \"Well, there was a time when humans and monsters and witches and vampires and all the rest of us could be together,\" Aggie explained. \"It was the Dark Times. That was a bad mix, because humans feared us and tried to destroy us. So we did our best to make them miserable in return. But it was turning us evil, which we are not! So, we decided to create our own world.\" \"Amazing.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, kinda like when Marnie and I got separate rooms.\" Dylan smirked only to be nudged again. \"Precisely,\" Aggie continued. \"From that day on, we were able to settle down and have homes and children and jobs. And an excellent bowling league.\" She then waved to a group of monsters who came by and waved back to her, one of them carrying a bowling ball which looked like a pumpkin. \"Cool.\" Atticus said. \"We get really good movies,\" Aggie smiled as they passed the theater before seeing it was closed. \"Like 'It's a Wonderful Death'... Oh, closed!\" \"That's too bad.\" Cherry said before bumping into someone. There was a snarl and a hiss heard from the person she had run into. \"Oh, um, sorry...\" Cherry blinked. \"Aggie, wasn't that your friend from earlier?\" Atticus asked. \"Harriet?\" Aggie asked herself out of concern. She then looked around until she saw the man from earlier walking down the street. \"The Mayor! Oh, children.\" She then told them as she went to speak with the mayor about something important. They soon went to the ice cream store. A yeti like monster smiled as he served a current customer with a teenage yeti girl beside him. \"Have a 'cool' day!\" The yeti girl said before giggling. \"Heh... I make a joke!\" The yeti was happy that his daughter was happy. \"'Abominable Snowman's Dessert Emporium'.\" Atticus read aloud. The Mayor himself was coming inside before Aggie and the others. \"Um, hello, Mr. Mayor, can we speak with you?\" Cherry spoke up. The mayor looked over and came toward the small group in the ice cream shoppe. \"Of course, hello again, Soapy.\" he then smiled to the kids. \" SOPHIE! \" Everyone else corrected. \"Sophie, of course, you know, I think I have an extra sundae...\" The Mayor said before reaching into his pocket and took out a treat for the youngest. \"Aha!\" Sophie accepted it and began to eat it as it was very sweet. \"Kalabar, we just ran into Harriet and she's completely changed.\" Aggie told the Mayor of Halloween Town. \"Yeah, it looked like she changed into a completely different witch, but she was fine a few moments ago.\" Atticus said. \"Her face, she looked like a wild animal...\" Aggie continued. \"Really?\" Kalabar asked them. \"This is what I've been telling you about,\" Aggie whispered. \"If she's like the others... By tomorrow, she'll have disappeared all together.\" \"Oh, my...\" Cherry frowned. \"I have to apologize to you, Aggie,\" Kalabar told the woman. \"I didn't take you seriously about this at first. I think you all have uncovered something very serious.\" \"What is it?\" Aggie asked. \"What's wrong?\" \"Well, I don't have all the details yet but I do know one thing,\" Kalabar replied. \"I want you all to leave this alone for now. Especially the children. It's much too dangerous for you to be involved with by yourself. Promise me that?\" \"But, sir, me and Cherry have faced worse than whatever we're facing.\" Atticus said. Cherry nodded in agreement. \"Cromwells are impossible, I expected better from someone like a Fudo.\" Kalabar replied. Atticus was about to show him his strength and magic, but didn't want to do it to ruin this day for Cherry. \"Just give me two days,\" Kalabar said on his way out of the ice cream shop. \"Just two days. that's all.\" he then tipped his hat and walked off. \"You have a 'creamy day'.\" The abominable snowman's daughter giggled. \"Thanks... Abbey.\" Cherry replied, reading the teenage yeti's name tag. \"You're welcome.\" Abbey smiled. \"Come along, children, but let's be real careful,\" Aggie told the younger ones. \"And Marnie, not a word-Oh, Marnie!\" she then gasped in dismay. \"She's found one of the brooms.\" \"Well, at least that will keep her busy.\" Atticus said. \"Well, Cherry, do you ride broomsticks?\" Aggie asked the perky goth. \"I'm a little out of practice,\" Cherry replied. \"I haven't been on one since with my friend Kiki.\" \"Well then, now is a good time to buy one and practice.\" Aggie said. \"Wow, flying brooms!\" Marnie smiled as she came to a store. Aggie and the others soon came to see her as she looked excited to fly her very own broomstick. Cherry began to look excited as she looked at the many broomsticks to choose from. \"Grandma, look at these things!\" Marnie beamed. \"Yes,\" Aggie smiled in agreement. \"They are a bit more snazzier than when I was a girl.\" \"Can I have one, please?\" Marnie begged her grandmother. \"Yes, well, it is the rite of passage for witches your age.\" Aggie gave in. \"Yes!\" Marnie beamed as she hugged her grandmother in thanks. \"Well, it looks like you've got your eye on our Windsweeper 5000.\" The salesman said as he seemed to move like Elvis Presley. \"Is that a good one?\" Marnie asked. \"Well, let's see here,\" The salesman picked up the broom that Marnie had eyed. \"Unibody construction, whoo! Chrome detailing, a microchip directional system, well, it's the top of the line! If you think you can handle it.\" \"Oh, handle it,\" Aggie chuckled. \"This is a Cromwell you're talking to, dear. She'll be an expert in no time.\" \"Check it out.\" The salesman smiled and handed the broom out to Marnie. \"Which broomstick would you recommend for me?\" Cherry asked the salesman. \"Hmm... You seem like an interesting girl yourself...\" The salesman replied as he walked her to see some special broomsticks, one was a dark purple with white skulls designed on it. \"How's this?\" \"Oh, I love this design!\" Cherry beamed as she took the broomstick with glee. \"It reminds me of Gaz.\" \"It's so you.\" Atticus smiled at his best human friend. \"Uh, Cherry?\" Marnie asked. \"How do you make this thing go?\" \"By magic of course,\" Cherry replied. \"Though, usually, I ride on the back. That's what I did with my friend Kiki.\" \"Oh... I knew that.\" Marnie said. \"How sweet,\" A boy who came over commented. \"Buying little Marley and Cheese here their first brooms, huh?\" \"It's Marnie and Cherry.\" The girls corrected out of irritation. \"This is a local boy, Luke.\" Aggie told the others. Atticus began to try to not hurt Luke. \"Hey, don't sell me too short there, Grammy,\" Luke scoffed to Aggie. \"I'm something of a big cheese around here,\" he then looked toward Marnie. \"Maybe I could show you around sometime, buy you an ice cream. The Abominable Snowman and his daughter Abbey have a little shop down the street.\" Cherry had a feeling this jerk would be turned down soon and she was right. \"You know, I was hungry, but then I smelled something stinky,\" Marnie scrunched up her nose against Luke. \"It must've been the big cheese.\" \"Perhaps another time.\" Aggie said as she took Marnie away from Luke. \"Yeah, like never!\" Dylan added. Atticus smirked as he saw that coming. \"You know, if you people were smart, you'd be nice to me,\" Luke glared. \"I'm friends with some very powerful creatures around here, you know!\" he then slipped and nearly tripped over the broomsticks, but knocked them down from their displays. \"Smooth, I'll call the local authorities.\" Cherry deadpanned. \"And I think we can handle your friends if we ever see them.\" Atticus said. \"Oh, that Luke dude...\" The salesman commented as Luke left. \"He's turned into such a wiener, no wonder he got expelled from Monster High.\" \"No wonder.\" Atticus said. \"All right, now,\" The salesman soon looked to Cherry and Marnie. \"If you wanna be totally rad, you've got to have the Day-Glo bristles,\" he then looked directly at Cherry. \"Now the Purple Dragonfly you got there, is awesome, but I prefer Metallic Blue myself.\" \"I'm keeping this.\" Cherry approved of the broomstick she had. \"And I'll keep this one.\" Marnie said as she held the broomstick she chose herself. \"Well, you want me to wrap those up for you?\" The salesman offered. \"No!\" Aggie replied. \"We'll fly them out!\" \"That's right.\" Cherry nodded. They were soon in the sky with their broomsticks. Aggie flew with Marnie while Atticus flew with Cherry. \"Augh, this is like Kiki!\" Cherry cried out as she had on her pilot cap and goggles. \"This is fun!\" Atticus smiled. \"Yeah, Grandma, this is totally cool!\" Marnie beamed. \"Well, there's a reason why witches don't drive minivans!\" Aggie smiled to her. \"Wahoo!\" Atticus smiled. Cherry had fun, but she soon looked a little sick to her stomach. \"Well, how does magic make it go?\" Marnie asked. \"Magic is very really simple,\" Aggie told her. \"All you have to do is want something and then let yourself have it!\" The two then shared a laugh as Atticus and Cherry came to their sides. \"Now just hang on tight,\" Aggie told Marnie. \"Let's see what these can do!\" \"I'm feeling a little sick.\" Cherry groaned. \"Aw, come on, Cherry, the fun's just getting started!\" Atticus told her. \"What a witch's and wiccan's life it is!\" Aggie giggled as they sped up in the sky. Cherry soon gulped and tried to settle her stomach. Luckily for her, they were soon landing. Once they touched the ground, Cherry took deep breaths as sweat ran down her face. \"Who's next?\" Atticus smiled. \"Me next! Me next!\" Sophie jumped up and down out of excitement. \"You next, you next.\" Aggie giggled and kissed her cheek. \"I don't think so.\" A female voice sharply replied. \"When did you get here, Mrs. Piper?\" Atticus asked after seeing it was Gwen. \"I just can't believe that my mother brought them here in the first place!\" Gwen glared to Aggie after she hugged her kids. \"Well, I didn't,\" Aggie told her daughter. \"They came to see me. I only brought Cherry and Atticus.\" \"I wanted to help Grandma fight the bad thing.\" Sophie told her mother. \"And I came to get my training.\" Marnie added. \"On her own.\" Atticus said. \"I tried to stop 'em, Mom, but they hypnotized me!\" Dylan spoke up. \"And I thought you were brave.\" Marnie scoffed to him. \"Hey, this is Mom.\" Dylan replied. \"Stop it,\" Gwen glared. \"I don't want to hear any more excuses. I want you all to just get back on the bus, because we're all going home.\" \"No.\" Cherry spoke up. Gwen looked back at her. \"Ma'am, your mother needs help,\" Cherry told the woman. \"And since you won't help her, she needs the only other Cromwell, and that's your daughter Marnie.\" \"She is not a witch!\" Gwen glared. \"Yes, she is!\" Cherry glared back. \"Don't lie about that; she is a witch and you can't protect her or Sophie forever!\" \"But there is so much more involved in this that Marnie does not understand.\" Gwen replied. \"I understand that I am here and I've got a broom,\" Marnie spoke up. \"And I'm gonna learn everything that Grandma can teach me.\" \"You will not!\" Gwen glared. \"But you are just too afraid of this world to train her to start controlling her powers, as for Dylan, he's most likely mortal.\" Cherry said. \"It's Marnie's birthright!\" Aggie argued with her daughter. \"She was born in the human world and human is what she'll be!\" Gwen argued back with her mother. \"No, I won't!\" Marnie stepped in. \"You put that broom down right now, young lady, or you are grounded.\" Gwen threatened. \"No, Marnie, this decision is for yours to make.\" Cherry said. Marnie felt hurt by her mother's words as she had a lot to think about right now. \"Say goodbye to Grandma, Cherry, and Atticus, everybody,\" Gwen told her kids. \"It's time for us to go home.\" Cherry growled as she soon felt angry with Gwen and soon lunged out to tackle the woman. \"Cherry, no.\" Atticus stopped his human best friend. Cherry reached out, but couldn't get to Gwen due to Atticus's restraint. \"Bye, Grandma.\" Sophie frowned. \"Bye...\" Dylan added softly. Gwen soon saw her eldest child wasn't joining. \"Marnie?\" \"Thanks, Grandma,\" Marnie wearily smiled to Aggie and handed her the broomstick back. \"It was a great ride.\" She then kissed the older woman on the cheek before going off with her mother and siblings. Gwen was about to hold Marnie, but the teenage girl just walked past her affections. \"You totally deserved that.\" Cherry said to Gwen. Gwen gave a long and firm look before going off with her kids to leave Halloween Town and never come back. \"You can never come back~...\" Cherry said in a haunting tone of voice. \"Of course they can,\" Aggie replied. \"Next Halloween.\" \"Come on, Cherry, let's explore the sights.\" Atticus tried to cheer his best friend up. \"I hate Gwen.\" Cherry glared. \"Now, now, dear...\" Aggie said. Cherry firmly pouted as Atticus and Aggie took her to explore Halloween Town.[Chapter 6] There was a two-headed man behind the bus station table while Marnie refused to talk with her mother again as they were about to go back into the Mortal Realm, and where the two-headed man was no help at all for Gwen. \" WHAT?! \" The man soon asked once Gwen caught their attention. \"Excuse me, will you please tell me what time the next bus leaves to the Mortal World?\" Gwen asked. ' And where that soon got the two-headed man to start getting confused of when the next bus would be. \"And I'm never going to school again!\" Marnie continued to rant. \"And I'm gonna move someplace really far away and join a motorcycle gang!\" Gwen groaned as she should have expected this. \"Marnie, this is not our world, now drop it!\" \"Well, it used to be your world,\" Marnie scoffed. \"Are you gonna get tired of us too?! 'Oh, sorry, those aren't my kids, they used to be my kids, but I've moved on'.\" \"Marnie, not now!\" Gwen scolded. The two heads continued to argue with each other. \"Excuse me, what about the bus?!\" Gwen demanded. \"It'll be several hours,\" The two heads told her in overlapped unison. \"Yeah, several hours... Uh... Engine trouble, yeah, that's it. Scheduling problems. Don't worry about a thing, it'll be fine.\" \"Well, whatya know?\" Marnie smirked to her mother. \"The bus isn't running! I guess we can't leave after all.\" \"Yay!\" Sophie cheered to this. \"There must be a way to get a bus to the Mortal World.\" Gwen said. \"Hey, The Mayor seems like a nice guy,\" Dylan suggested. \"Maybe he could help.\" \"Dylan!\" Marnie rolled her eyes and nudged her brother again. \"Ow!\" Dylan whined. \"That's a very good idea,\" Gwen said to her son. \"Let's go.\" Marnie soon pouted as she took Sophie's hand and they went to see The Mayor of Halloween Town, and where he would be informed that he had visitors. \"Someone here to see ya, Boss.\" A cartoony vampire bat told the man before looking to Gwen and whistled to her. Kalabar soon shut the cartoony vampire bat back in the desk. \"Gwen!\" He then smiled to the woman. \"Kalabar!\" Gwen smiled back in surprise. \"You're the mayor?\" \"That's right.\" Drell appeared. Gwen gasped slightly. Marnie, Dylan, and Sophie looked surprised and confused. \"Well, I'm yes,\" Kalabar smiled toward Gwen. \"You didn't hear about the election? It's just a title really.\" \"I heard about it.\" Drell said. \"Who are you?\" Marnie asked Drell. \"My name is Drell Batsworth.\" Drell said. \"Nice to see you in Halloween Town.\" Kalabar smiled to the warlock. \"Same to you, Kalabar.\" Drell said. \"Anyway, I have big plans for all of us here in Halloween Town,\" Kalabar smiled proudly. \"You are the last people I ever expected to see here. It's been a long time, huh?\" Gwen smiled and nodded to the Mayor of Halloween Town. Kalabar soon turned away and gave a black rose to Gwen as a token of his affection which soon grew to be a lush red rose. \"Whoa.\" Drell said. \"You always did let your magic do the talking,\" Gwen replied as she accepted the rose. \"Thank you.\" \"You used to like it, or have you forgotten that part?\" Kalabar smirked. \"Uh, no...\" Gwen replied which seemed to surprise her kids about the interactions. \"Now, is there a reason why you came to him?\" Drell asked. \"Why else would she come here?\" Kalabar smiled. \"I always hoped that she'd come back, and now, here she is.\" Gwen giggled sheepishly. \"Say, I oughta show you around,\" Kalabar suggested to Gwen. \"We could take the River Styx Cruise, have a little dinner, then I could show you all around our old haunts, eh?\" \"Um, actually, Drell's right,\" Gwen replied. \"I'm trying to leave. Uh... It seems the bus was delayed, and I was hoping that the-\" \"That the mayor might help?\" Kalabar guessed. Gwen nodded. \"...I'm sorry.\" A woman with a pin cushion lower half soon came in. \"Excuse me, sir! Miss Sticky here, I'll get to the point,\" she then told the mayor. \"Have a very urgent message. Ooh!\" Drell stepped back with the kids so they wouldn't get pricked by her pins. \"Somebody's on pins and needles!\" The woman giggled to Kalabar as she came to see him with notes. \"We can tell.\" Drell said. \"Pins and needles!\" Miss Sticky giggled to Dylan before leaving the room. Kalabar sighed before looking to Gwen. \"This is an emergency, won't take long, just stay put,\" he told the family. \"I'll see what I can do for you when I return.\" \"Thank you.\" Gwen smiled. Kalabar soon left the office. \"Kids.\" He nodded to Marnie, Dylan, and Sophie on the way out. \"What was that all about?\" Dylan asked. \"Well obviously, he's Mom's old boyfriend.\" Marnie smirked. \"You're right.\" Drell added. \"Drell!\" Gwen cried out. \"Hey, it's not my fault if you like his magic fingers.\" Drell smirked. Gwen simply blushed from embarrassment. \"Did you come here for a reason or just humiliate me?\" She then asked the warlock. \"I've come here to stop you four from leaving.\" Drell said. \"I like this guy.\" Marnie smiled. \"We have to leave!\" Gwen told Drell like it was almost a crime to be here. \"So, you want your mother to disappear next?!\" Drell glared at Gwen. \"What?!\" Gwen squeaked slightly. \"Oh, haven't you noticed anything strange going on?\" Drell asked. \"This is part of an evil plan to doom Halloween Town! It's worse than Oogie Boogie from where Jack Skellington lives, trust me, I know!\" \"But why? My mother hasn't done anything bad.\" Gwen said. \"It's only a matter of time...\" Drell said before looking around. \"I better find Cherry and Atticus too.\" \"They're with Grandma.\" Sophie said. \"There's still time...\" Drell replied. \"Gwen, you stay here, I'll be right back.\" He then took out his wand to teleport to where Cherry and Atticus were.[Chapter 7] Cherry was sitting upside down in a tree with Draculaura in her bat form. \"Sorry, Draculaura, but this is just making me dizzy.\" She then told the vampire girl as she didn't usually hang upside down or turn into a bat. \"I understand.\" Draculaura said. A bat in a pink and white dress soon flew over to join the girls. \"Oh, Count Fabulous, how 'fangtastic' of you to make it!\" Draculaura beamed to her pet. \"Cherry, this is my BFF: Bat Friend Forever, Count Fabulous.\" \"Nice dress.\" Cherry smirked to the bat. \"Thank you.\" The bat smiled. Cherry soon got up from the tree and stood up straight, trying to maintain her balance since she was a bit dizzy. \"Ooh, nice moves,\" Draculaura smiled. \"You could be a Fearleader.\" \"Yeeeeeah... No.\" Cherry disagreed since she wasn't very fond of cheerleaders. She soon got down to the ground. Atticus soon watched them as he looked over to see Aggie as Luke came beside her and decided to go toward them in case the boy tried anything funny, and where it looked like he was. \"Go away, Luke,\" Aggie sighed to the delinquent. \"I'm not in the mood.\" \"Family trouble, huh, Grammy?\" Luke smirked. \"Guess it's just you again.\" \"Go away.\" Atticus glared at Luke. \"What? I'm just talking.\" Luke shrugged innocently. \"Sure you are.\" Atticus rolled his eyes. \"You know, it must get pretty frustrating,\" Luke smirked to Aggie. \"Fighting this thing all alone, no one believing you.\" \"What do you know about that?\" Aggie glared at him. \"I know you've got Merlin's talisman, and he wants it.\" Luke replied. \"How does this 'he' know about it?\" Atticus asked. \"'He'? Who is 'he'?\" Aggie added. \"Don't know, huh?\" Luke smirked. \"It's funny, 'cuz he knows all about you, Grammy. And about that brew you're working on too.\" \"How?\" Atticus asked. \"If he's so powerful, why is he hiding?\" Aggie snorted toward Luke. \"Yeah, why doesn't he reveal himself... Whoever he is?\" Atticus added with a glare. \"You see, that's why I'm here,\" Luke smirked. \"He wants to reveal himself, to you.\" \"Then why doesn't he come and show himself?\" Atticus asked. \"Come on, Grammy, admit it,\" Luke continued to mock Aggie. \"You're dying to know, right? Or are the big, powerful Cromwell witch, and pathetic Fudo Wiccan afraid?\" \"I don't fear him or any creature, and based on what I know about this young man, he doesn't either,\" Aggie glared, defending both herself and Atticus. \"Take us to him.\" \"Yeah, take us to where he is.\" Atticus added. Luke nodded and then led them to where he wanted to take them and Aggie and Atticus followed behind him. \"Be right back, Cherry!\" Atticus called out on the way. \"Have fun with your ghoulfriends!\" \"Okay, Atticus.\" Cherry replied as she was meeting Clawdeen's pet cat who was known as Crescent. Atticus and Aggie continued to follow him. \"I wonder where the others are?\" Cherry asked. \"There's no way they could've left Halloween Town already.\" A zombie girl with glasses moaned as she seemed to be trying to answer Cherry's question. \"I'm sorry...?\" Cherry asked as she didn't understand. \"I can translate.\" Draculaura said. \"Um, thanks.\" Cherry blinked. The zombie girl moaned and groaned again. \"Ghoulia says the others are at City Hall.\" Draculaura told Cherry. \"Oh, thanks, um, Ghoulia.\" Cherry replied. Drell soon appeared. Cherry was on her way to City Hall with Draculaura and Clawdeen's help, before she suddenly bumped into the warlock. \"Watch where you're go-\" Drell glared until he then saw the perky goth. \"Oh, it's just you, Cherry.\" \"Drell?\" Cherry asked. \"What're you doing here?\" Drell began to tell her why he was there. \"Danger?\" Cherry asked. \"But who is this 'dangerous one'? Aggie and Atticus went with Luke.\" \"Hmm... I have a feeling he's linked to him.\" Drell said. \"Oh...\" Cherry replied. \"Well, this was a fun Halloween, I forgive Atticus now.\" \"Keep your pants on, Clyde!\" Drell glared slightly. \"You always do this!\" \"I know.\" Cherry sighed. \"Now, come on.\" Drell said. Cherry followed after Drell as she tapped her knuckles together. Ghoulia groaned as they then went off. \"See ya later, Ghoulia,\" Drell told the zombie girl before looking to Cherry. \"I think you'd like her, she's a genius at school.\" \"Really?\" Cherry asked. \"Oh, yes, she's smarter than she looks...\" Drell replied. \"She even writes and draws her own stories.\" \"Hm...\" Cherry hummed as she looked to the zombie girl on their way off. They continued to follow Luke, Atticus, and Aggie. They were coming to the movie theater and Luke had unlocked so they could come through. \"Should have known.\" Atticus said. Luke opened the doors and then let them inside with them following. Aggie took a candle that had a small flame as they explored the old and dusty movie theater. \"Whoa.\" Atticus said. There appeared to be rotting corpses in the theater seats swallowed by cobwebs. Luke smirked as he took his own seat while Aggie and Atticus walked down the aisle together. \"Harriet?\" Aggie gasped as she held the candle up against who looked like her dear friend. Atticus soon looked to where Harriet was looking. There appeared to be a black vortex on the theater screen with a tornado. Luke smirked as the wind blew inside of the room and the flame on Aggie's candle went out. Soon, there out came a dark cloaked figure who evilly laughed at the crowd. \"Let me guess, you're the bad thing?\" Atticus asked the dark cloaked figure. \"Welcome to my museum.\" The figure told him with a laugh. \"So this is why so many have disappeared,\" Aggie glared. \"First you put them under an evil spell and then you turn them into statues.\" \"NO! Not statues,\" The figure replied. \"They're very much alive! Merely frozen in time until I need them.\" \"That's impressive.\" Atticus said. \"Frozen to do what?\" Aggie demanded. \"To destroy our world?\" \"Ah, I know you have Merlin's talisman,\" The figure smirked. \"Give it to me!\" \"She'll never give to you!\" Atticus glared at the figure before smirking. \"Besides, she doesn't have it with her.\" \"Soon, your hold over the creatures of Halloween Town will be broken forever!\" Aggie glared. \" NO, YOU FOOLISH WITCH! \" The figure boomed. \"You think your magic is more powerful than mine? You have a Wiccan by your side!\" \"Yeah, as if that could happen.\" Luke laughed. \"My magic is more powerful than you could imagine.\" Atticus said. \"There is nothing neither you can do to stop me!\" The figure mocked. \"Zip, nada, zero, goose eggs.\" Luke added. \"I will bend the creatures of this world to my will, one-by-one!\" The figure continued. \"Two-by-two, and three-by-three.\" Luke added. \"Will you shut up?!\" The figure glared at him. \"Sorry.\" Luke pouted. \"You had that coming.\" Atticus said to Luke. \"Give me the talisman!\" The figure demanded. \"Never!\" Aggie glared. The figure narrowed his yellowed eyes. \"Then suffer the consequences.\" He then zapped an energy blast against Atticus and Aggie. Atticus soon used his magic to block the energy blast. Luke seemed shocked at the dark magic caused by the figure almost as if he didn't expect for that to happen. The dark figure shot more blasts only for Atticus and Aggie to dodge them and one of the blasts hit one of the creatures which sent him into the dark vortex. \"No, you said they'd be safe!\" Luke said to the figure. \"You cannot escape me, old woman and little boy!\" The dark figure laughed. \"I'm a teenager!\" Atticus glared. \"The creature hasn't been born that's quick enough to catch a Cromwell or Fudo!\" Aggie also glared. \"Except for maybe Delilah Fudo.\" The figure smirked as he mentioned Atticus's aunt who had been missing for a long time. Crystal spikes soon started to appear. \"You were the one that sent her into that dimension?!\" Atticus glared. \"Maybe I was, maybe I wasn't, ah, crystal spikes, I see?\" The figure smirked. \"So, the legends of you being Sombra's heir are true.\" Atticus began to try to not let his anger take over. \"Mother?\" Gwen's voice called. \"Grandma!\" Marnie's voice added. \" GET THEM! \" The figure snapped once he saw the family come over. \"Atticus!\" Drell and Cherry called out. \"Leave my family alone!\" Aggie and Atticus glared at the figure. \"I'm out of here.\" Luke chickened out. \"Gwen, stop him!\" Drell told her. \"Wastrel youth of benighted hours, Be thee vanquished by my powers!\" Gwen recited which made sunflowers grow onto Luke as he escaped. \"I said powers, not flowers!\" \"You haven't used your powers for years,\" Drell said. \"You're a bit rusty.\" Cherry snickered slightly. \"Flowers...\" \"Way to go, Mom!\" Marnie cheered. \"This is your last chance!\" The figure sneered. \" GIVE ME THE TALISMAN! \" \"For the last time, no!\" Atticus glared. \"Keep your brother and sister back!\" Gwen told Marnie as she went to help her mother. The dark figure shot another blast which then hit Gwen as she got Aggie out of the way. \"Mom!\" Marnie cried out. \"Gwen.\" Aggie frowned. \"Oh, no...\" Drell added. \"Sleep now, Agatha Cromwell and Atticus Fudo, and when you wake, I will be your master,\" The dark figure smirked. \"Unless, Fudo, you would like to join me. It would make your Uncle Sombra very proud.\" \"I'll never join the dark side!\" Atticus glared. \"Then you shall sleep.\" The dark figure said as he blasted both Aggie and Atticus only for Drell to take the blast for Atticus. \" DRELL! \" Cherry and Atticus cried out. \"Come on!\" Dylan took his older sister's arm. \"We gotta save 'em!\" Marnie told him. \"We can't save them unless we save ourselves,\" Dylan replied. \"Come on!\" \"He's right.\" Drell groaned. The dark figure groaned from the light as Sophie opened the door outside, showing the sunshine. \"Marnie!\" Aggie called to her eldest granddaughter. \"Grandma!\" Marnie called back. \"Go!\" Aggie told her. \"We'll be all right, go!\" Drell added. \"I believe in you all! Even you, Cherry! You're stronger than you think you are!\" What Drell said touched Cherry's heart. Atticus took Cherry's hand and ran with her since she was frozen in the moment. The ones hit by the blasts were soon frozen by the spell. The group was soon outside. They rushed out of the theater and climbed down the fire escape. \"Easy, Cherry, take it one step at a time.\" Atticus said since these were steps that Cherry had gone down before. Cherry soon made it down and ran with them to get away from the theater. \"What're we doing?!\" Dylan panicked. \"We gotta get back to Grandma's house!\" \"No, we're safe in the light.\" Atticus said. \"I wonder if he's a vampire?\" Cherry commented since the figure seemed allergic to the sunlight. \"I want Mommy and Grandma.\" Sophie whimpered. \"Don't worry, you'll have them back.\" Atticus assured her. \"Yes,\" Marnie agreed. \"Your big sister is gonna get Mommy and Grandma back.\" \"You are?\" Sophie asked. \"Well, duh!\" Marnie smiled. \"Of course I am! But there are some things we need to get first.\" \"You're gonna do some shopping?\" Dylan complained. \"Can't this wait?\" \"No.\" Atticus said. \"We have to finish that Witch's Brew,\" Cherry added. \"I bet that getting the talisman lit is the only way to save your mother, grandmother, and-Ugh...\" she then groaned before throwing up in her mouth. \"Drell too...\" she then added sluggishly. \"We'll need the recipe though.\" \"First, hair of a werewolf.\" Atticus said. \"And sweat of a ghost.\" Marnie added as she showed a list. Dylan looked disgusted at the ingredients. \"And one fang from a vampire.\" Atticus soon concluded. Cherry stepped back. \"No, Cherry, we're not going to use one of your fangs.\" Atticus said. \"Phew!\" Cherry breathed in relief. \"We're Cromwells,\" Marnie smiled before putting her hand out. \"Together, we can conquer anything.\" \"That's right.\" Atticus said. Sophie put her hand on her sister's hand. \"I don't know...\" Dylan sighed to his sisters before joining his hand in. \"Let's go.\" Atticus said. \"Come on.\" Marnie nodded in agreement. \"I know the perfect first stop for you guys.\" Clawdeen smirked as she took them somewhere to find hair from a wolf besides her own.[Chapter 8] They soon came to a beauty salon where a werewolf appeared to be styling many monster ladies while a fairy manicured a mummy's nails. \"First stop: Wolfie's.\" Marnie told the others. \"Perfect.\" Atticus said. \"Can I help you kids?\" The stylist asked after he took care of a woman with poofy pink and purple hair. \"Oh, yeah, um,\" Marnie stammered. \"I was just wondering if you had any, um, part-time jobs available. Maybe like, after school, or something?\" \"No, no, no, I'm sorry, we don't,\" The stylist replied. \"Oh, this sulfuric acid treatment is coming along nicely. It's really gonna split your ends and bring out those roots, baby.\" \"Uh, we could help.\" Atticus stammered. The stylist looked to him. \"Oh, yes, it's been Atticus's lifelong dream to be a beautician.\" Cherry added. \"Careful, oh, Loki!\" The stylist stopped one helper who was with a plant-based monster. \"She's an herb, not a shrub, think salad: light and crispy!\" Loki nodded and then tried better this time. Clawdeen soon pointed to the hairdryer. Cherry picked up the hairdryer which worried the stylist. \"D-Don't touch that, put that down!\" The stylist told her. \"Don't worry; I've handled hairdryers all the time.\" Cherry said before turning it on. Suddenly, flames shot out from the hairdryer. \"That's new!\" Cherry's eyes widened. \"Looks like hairdryers work different here.\" Atticus said. Dylan picked up a razor. \"Give me that.\" Clawdeen told Cherry as the perky goth struggled with the hairdryer and soon turned it off for her before she would burn the place down to the ground. Marnie soon whispered something to Clawdeen as her plan to distract the stylist long enough for Dylan to get the werewolf hair. Clawdeen nodded and then winked to her. The stylist panicked as he felt very nervous about their company. \"Whoops!\" Clawdeen said as she 'accidentally' turns the hairdryer back on. \"The other button, sweetheart, put the thing down!\" The stylist panicked as Clawdeen seemed clumsy with the hairdryer. Dylan soon used the razor on the stylist from behind. The stylist howled and suddenly felt a bald spot. Clawdeen then turned off the hairdryer. \"Hey, hey, hey!\" The stylist glared as Dylan collected his hair and ran off with the others. \"Run!\" Cherry yelped. \"Come back here, you little hum-\" The stylist glared as they ran off before looking in the mirror and calmed down a little. \"Hey... This could be a good look for me. Yeah, baby!\" \"Next, sweat from a ghost.\" Atticus said. \"Atticus, you're gonna like this, I propose we go to the gym.\" Cherry replied. There appeared to be a teenage ghost girl inside of the gym as she was with the other monsters who were playing basketball, and where Cherry was right about Atticus liking the gym. \"Ooh, I play winner!\" Atticus told the basketball players. \"Hey, Spectra.\" Clawdeen greeted. \"Clawdeen.\" The teenage ghost girl replied. \"Got any sweat?\" Clawdeen asked. \"These guys really need sweat from a ghost.\" \"I think a ghost went downstairs to lose some weight and blow off some steam.\" Spectra said. They soon came downstairs to find a suitable ghost as a werecat was giving aerobics instruction while the others followed and copied her. 'Now, where is this ghost?' Cherry thought to herself. \"There's gotta be a ghost around her someplace,\" Marnie complained. \"Come on.\" \"You sure about this, Spectra?\" Clawdeen asked. \"He should be coming any minute now.\" Spectra said. A fish monster glanced down at Cherry. Cherry looked back up nervously. The fish monster touched her hair and put his flippers all over her face before taking out some salt. \"ATTICUS!\" Cherry panicked. \"She's not on the menu.\" Atticus said. The fish monster pouted and walked away. Cherry wiped her forehead in relief. \"Lagoona must be visiting here too.\" Spectra smiled innocently. \"Possibly.\" Clawdeen said. \"Ghosts are dead,\" Dylan commented. \"Why would they worry about fitness?\" \"Ooh, I have an idea, come here.\" Spectra said and led them to the Steam Room. \"This might be the place for a ghost to sweat.\" Cherry said. \"Look, a real ghost!\" Sophie pointed out once she saw an overweight male ghost. \"And a real sweat box!\" Marnie gasped. \"He's wanting to get into great shape.\" Spectra said. A ghoul stood by and closed the box as the ghost stepped into it. \"All right, distract him long enough so I can get that sweat.\" Marnie told the others. \"You got it.\" Atticus said. \"Would you guys get a grip?\" Dylan asked. \"He can't sweat, he doesn't have a body!\" Spectra glared, she soon slithered into Dylan's body through his mouth to possess him and then used his hand to slap himself across the face before she then got out as he was disrespecting her species. \"You deserved that.\" Cherry told Dylan. Dylan rubbed his face with a firm pout while Spectra just glared at him. Marnie then walked into the room to collect the ghost's sweat and pulled the lever to make the steam hotter. \"What should we do?\" Cherry whispered. \"So, uh, did you know that Sea Monkeys are actually shrimp?\" Dylan asked the ghost. \"No...\" The ghost shook his head. \"Keep going.\" Marnie whispered to her brother. \"Um... Did you know that there is no proper name for the back of the knee?\" Dylan tried. \"No kidding.\" The ghost said. Sophie put on a sheet over herself and moaned, pretending to be a ghost just like back at home. \"Very funny, kid, I get bigger laughs out of the Boo Brothers,\" The ghost replied. \"Now go back to your mommy.\" \"Uh, little girl, that's kinda offensive.\" Spectra said to Sophie. \"She's distracting him by doing that.\" Atticus whispered to her. Spectra pouted as she tried to let it slide as it was a bit stereotypical. \"I just hope Kibosh doesn't find out about it.\" Marnie soon found a beaker as Sophie continued to moan as the ghost was getting very hot very fast which meant that he was sweating, and where he soon did. \"Hades was nothing compared to this!\" The ghost panted. \"Can I get some help over here? Burning up!\" Marnie soon collected sweat from the bridge of his nose into the glass. \"Attendant!\" The ghost cried out and they could all now leave. \"Bye!\" Atticus replied. They soon left the gym and Spectra waved to them as she stayed to continue her game with the other monsters. Cherry winced and cringed as they were now going to a dentist. \"Now, just one fang of a vampire.\" Atticus said. The patient was screaming out of agony while the dentist took a look at her. \"Oh, I'm afraid that one's going to have to come out.\" He then said as he took out a pair of pliers. \"Oh, is this going to hurt?\" The patient frowned, revealing to be a vampiress. \"Don't hurt me, Doctor! I'm not very good with pain.\" 'Hopefully not.' Atticus thought to himself. \"Oh, now, now,\" The dentist smiled. \"Don't worry, you won't feel a thing. The vampiress whimpered as one of her fangs was pulled, but luckily, it didn't hurt. \"Wow, Doc, that didn't hurt at all!\" She beamed in delight. \"Well, after all, I am the Tooth Fairy.\" The dentist chuckled as he soon put the fang away. Atticus collected the fang, posing as a dental assistant before he walked off outside with the others so they could add the fang to the recipe from Aggie. \"There he is, come on.\" Dylan told his sisters as Atticus came back outside. Atticus soon ran back to them with the fang. \"Any blood?\" Cherry asked. \"Of course not, turns out there's more than one Tooth Fairy though.\" Atticus replied, since the dentist called himself such a thing. \"Wow.\" Cherry said. \"We'll need a ride... Wait! Benny.\" Atticus replied before whistling. The cab soon appeared with the skeleton driver. \"Say there, if it ain't the Cromwell kids along with Cherry and Atticus,\" Benny recognized despite not having any eyes. \"I hear your mother's in town.\" \"How'd you hear that?\" Atticus asked. \"Word gets out, especially with Monster High students on vacation from school.\" Benny chuckled. \"Um, well, yeah, uh,\" Marnie stammered to the skeleton. \"She's just, uh, hanging out with our grandma. We just came to do a little shopping, but we're done now, okay? So, bye.\" \"Hey, I got a fare up that way anyway.\" Benny replied. \"I was hoping you did.\" Atticus smiled. \"Something's wrong.\" Cherry whispered to Atticus. \"Yeah, the bad thing is in him.\" Sophie also whispered in agreement. \"Little kids, what an imagination, huh?\" Benny chuckled. \"Come on, get in! I gotta go.\" \"Wait, how did you find out Gwen was in Halloween Town?\" Atticus asked Benny out of suspicion. \"Hey, what's with the third degree here?\" Benny glared. \"GET IN THE CAB!\" He soon reached out for both Cherry and Dylan to pull them into the cab by force. \"Hey, let them go!\" Marnie glared as she and Atticus then went to save Cherry and Dylan. Sophie soon noticed a dog and had a smart idea. \"Fetch the bone.\" She told the dog as she unhooked its leash. The dog then rushed after Benny since he was a skeleton. \"NOT THE DOG!\" Benny screamed before letting go of Cherry and Dylan so he could escape. \"Smart.\" Atticus said. \"Thanks!\" Sophie smiled. The dog barked as it continued to chase after Benny's cab. \"Thanks, Soph.\" Dylan said in relief. \"Now, we get back to Aggie's place.\" Cherry said. \"Come on, let's get going.\" Marnie nodded. They then rushed over to Aggie's house to began the witch's brew in their grandmother's absence. Once there, they started on the brew. Atticus decided to let Marnie handle the brew since she seemed to be the Chosen One. \"Here it is,\" Marnie said once she finished. \"Vampire Fang Ghost Sweat Werewolf Hair al la Mode.\" Dylan then handed her the talisman and she accepted it while pouring the substance inside. After it was full, she closed it back up. \"Here.\" Dylan handed the end. Marnie held the talisman once it was ready before looking lost. \"Marnie, come on, while we're young!\" Cherry told her. \"I can't remember Grandma's spell.\" Marnie frowned. \"Dang it.\" Atticus said. \"What do you mean you can't remember?\" Dylan asked his sister. \"It was Old English or Welsh or something,\" Marnie frowned. \"I mean, give me a break, I have trouble remembering 'agua'.\" \"I thought you said you were a witch,\" Dylan scoffed. \"I mean, the least you can do is remember a dumb spell.\" \"You try remembering a spell in a different language.\" Cherry said. \"Okay,... Okay... Um...\" Marnie tried to do the spell as she held the talisman. \"'Betty March, Betty Gunther, Betty, uh, Guggenheim, is all that's bid'?\" Nothing happened and Sophie and Dylan only gave strange looks to their sister. \"Really?\" Cherry asked. \"Okay, um...\" Marnie frowned as she then decided to try something else. \"'Better march, Better get there, Better get going before there's no more beds'.\" \"That's even worse!\" Cherry replied. \"What was that spell?\" Atticus asked himself. \"It sounded like Spanish from what I remember.\" Cherry shrugged. \"Why didn't any of you write it down?\" Dylan complained. \"We didn't really have time to grab some paper to write it down.\" Atticus said. Cherry tried to think deep into her memories. Inside of Cherry's head, her emotions seemed to be hard at work. \"What was that spell that Aggie said?\" Cherry's Sadness wondered as she looked quite worried, about to cry from failure. \"Isn't it in the memories?!\" Cherry's Fear panicked. \"Atticus is gonna hate us if we don't remember it!\" \"Oh, he won't hate us.\" Cherry's Joy said. \"Besides, if he worries about anyone, it's Mo.\" Cherry's Disgust scoffed. \"FOUND IT!\" Cherry's Anger pointed to the memory. \"Joy, touch it before I make it unpleasant.\" Cherry's Joy took the memory and put it up so Cherry would remember the spell, and where she finally memorized it from earlier. \"I got it!\" Cherry said after her eyes flashed a yellow color at first. \"'Bet Y March, Bet Y Guythur, Bet Y Gugaun, Cledyfrutm anoeth bid!\" \"How did you remember it?\" Marnie asked. \"I'm not sure...\" Cherry replied with a shrug. \"I have a strange memory. I can tell you about a commercial from like ten years ago, but I can't memorize how to solve algebra problems... Unless Maestro Forte tutors me in it through song on his keyboard.\" \"Well, then you two can recite the spell together.\" Atticus said to Marnie and Cherry. \"Oh, Atticus, I can't do that...\" Cherry replied nervously. \"I'm not a witch even though my grandmother's one. Don't you remember? My mom was adopted.\" \"But don't dream-benders have magic?\" Atticus asked. \"Well, yeah, but-\" Cherry replied. \"So you do have magic,\" Atticus told her. \"Come on, Cherry, I believe you can do it. Drell might not show it often, but he believes in you too. Besides, what would your grandmother say if she could see you now?\" Cherry soon blinked as she remembered her grandmother when she was a baby before she disappeared out of her life. \"Cherry, don't give up, Cherry, never give up or stop being you,\" Mary Ruth told her granddaughter as she carried her over her crib before going away into another realm like Atticus's Aunt Delilah. \"Believe in yourself, just like I believe in loving you... Have faith.\" Cherry soon looked ready. \"'Bet Y March, Bet Y Guythur, Bet Y Gugaun, Cledyfrutm anoeth bid'!\" Cherry and Marnie soon recited together and hoped for the best, and where the talisman soon lit up. \"You did it, you guys, it's lit!\" Dylan cheered. \"I did it!\" Marnie beamed before hugging Cherry. \" We did it!\" \"We did it!\" Cherry smiled. \"You can celebrate later,\" Dylan told them, killing the moment a little. \"Come on, let's get out of here.\" They soon rushed out with the talisman, but before they did, Marnie grabbed a robe and decided to wear it. Atticus did the same. They soon came back into the theater.[Chapter 9] \"Keep the door open.\" Cherry told Dylan. \"Duh!\" Dylan replied. \"And in we go.\" Atticus said. Sophie soon came to her mother and grandmother, sitting beside them before looking to the others. \"Are they gonna be okay?\" she asked out of worry. Marnie leaned over to her mother's chest. \"I think so, I can hear her heart beating.\" She then told her little sister. \"Grandma too.\" Dylan added after checking their grandmother. Atticus soon leaned over Drell's chest. Drell's heart beat was still there much to his relief. \"Oh, thank goodness,\" Atticus told Cherry. \"He's still okay too.\" \"I've never felt more scared for Drell in all my life.\" Cherry replied, Drell was their mentor after all and looked after them during their years together. Dylan began to wave the talisman in front of Aggie then Gwen. Cherry and Atticus hoped that this would work, but nothing seemed to happen. \"Hey, why didn't it work?!\" Cherry glared as she took the talisman. There was then suddenly rumbling which spooked them all. \"That was strange.\" Cherry said. \"It's the bad thing.\" Sophie pouted. Dylan tried to use the talisman on his mother, grandmother, and Drell, but nothing happened. \"Work, you dumb thing, work! Why isn't it working?\" \"I don't know.\" Marnie said. \"This isn't right...\" Atticus replied. \"Grandma said something about installing it...\" Marnie began to remember. \"Installing it where?\" Dylan asked. Marnie sighed as she felt a lot of pressure as she looked to her frozen grandmother. \"Mortals see, mortals do...\" She repeated to herself quietly. \"What?\" Dylan asked. \"Do you remember what Grandma said about our traditions being imitations of theirs?\" Marnie rhetorically asked. \"Yeah, so?\" Dylan asked. \"Well, when it's dark on Halloween, where do you put the candle?\" Marnie replied. \"Come on.\" \"I know where we have to install it.\" Cherry said. \"Yeah?\" Dylan looked to her. Once outside, Dylan saw what his sister and their friend meant. \"You can't be serious,\" He said to the girls once people passed by the giant Jack-O-Lantern. \"You guys are not actually thinking of going into that thing.\" \"We have to.\" Cherry said. \"She's right, Dylan, we have to save your mom and grandma.\" Atticus added in urgently. \"And Drell.\" Cherry said. Atticus looked surprised that Cherry actually wanted to help Drell. \"They're right, we have to,\" Marnie agreed. \"This is the only way to save them.\" \"What're we gonna do?\" Dylan asked about himself and Sophie. \"Stay hidden.\" Atticus said. \"Wish us luck.\" Marnie added before hiking up the hood of her robe to look like a real witch. \"Good luck, Marnie, Cherry, and Atticus.\" Sophie replied. \"Good luck.\" Dylan said. Cherry, Atticus, and Marnie soon went off to do what they had to do. \"Guys,\" Luke suddenly appeared which startled them at first. \"This is a trap, he's waiting for you.\" he then warned urgently. \"Oh, and we should believe you, why?\" Atticus asked. \"Get out of our way, Luke!\" Marnie glared. \"Look, about earlier, I didn't know he was gonna do that to your mom, grandma, and that warlock.\" Luke replied. \"Sorry, I don't talk to trash, I take it out, now beat it!\" Cherry glared. \"Yeah, before I have to get rough with you.\" Atticus added. \"I swear!\" Luke told them. \"He said all he wanted was the talisman and then he'd let the old lady go.\" \"We said get out of our way!\" Marnie replied. There was then suddenly wind and the sky was becoming dark and scary. \"That's not a good sign.\" Atticus said. There seemed to be a tornado coming down and it overwhelmed the citizens of Halloween Town instantly, and where the dark figure soon appeared. \"He's coming!\" Luke told Cherry, Atticus, and Marnie before pulling on Marnie's hand. They soon hid. \" MY FELLOW CREATURES! \" The figure from earlier appeared with a menacing look as always. \"Your moment of destiny has arrived. I offer you the chance to return to our days of glory, to end this exile from the Mortal World, which the humans have stolen from us. Follow me, my fellow citizens of Halloween Town. Too long have we been exiled to this second-class world. Forced to live here in this Halloween Town.\" \"But that was just to keep the balance intact.\" Atticus whispered. Marnie looked at the talisman as it glowed a bright white color. \"We've gotta install this thing before it's too late.\" \"No,\" Luke shook his head. \"He'll see you! You'll end up just like the others!\" \"We can't just do nothing,\" Cherry said. \"And doesn't that figure's voice sound kind of familiar?\" \"Now that you mention it, it kinda does...\" Atticus had to admit. \"I just can't place it at the moment.\" The figure laughed as he mentioned revealing themselves who they really are only for his face to melt away to reveal the familiar one. \" KALABAR?! \" Cherry, Atticus, and Marnie gasped in shock. \"I can't believe Mom dated that guy.\" Dylan said. \"FOLLOW ME!\" Kalabar told the citizens of Halloween Town. \"And together, we will reclaim the Mortal World which is rightfully ours!\" \"You knew?\" Marnie glared at Luke. \"And you didn't tell us?\" Cherry added. \"I've made an awful mistake,\" Luke explained. \"So I'm trying to make up for it. It's our only chance.\" \"Well, we have to try to get the talisman installed in the giant pumpkin.\" Atticus said. \"But before we can be sure of success, we must find the ones who would stop us!\" Kalabar told the citizens. \"One of which who is half-human, as well as a Wiccan and a dream-bender who studies under the wings of Princess Luna of Equestria, but the granddaughter of one of the best witches!\" Cherry, Atticus, and Marnie wandered off with their hoods up so no one would recognize them, but Luke decided to take her place with her hood so then Kalabar would think he was Marnie. \"Ah, young Cromwell,\" Kalabar smirked toward the direction of who he thought was Marnie. \"You thought you could hide from me?! Stop, give me the talisman!\" Luke kept going, ignoring him. \"I SAID STOP! GIVE ME THE TALISMAN! \" Kalabar repeated aggressively and louder. Luke just kept walking. Kalabar soon swooped down and landed in front of Luke. \"How dare you disobey me?\" Luke turned around to run the other way. Kalabar soon fired his magic to make Luke give up the talisman since he thought that the boy was Marnie, and where after a few hits, he was down. Kalabar soon knelt down to remove the hood only to see that it was actually Luke and not Marnie. \"Fooled ya.\" Luke replied weakly. \"Quick, install it now.\" Atticus told Marnie and Cherry as he helped them up to the top before getting the giant pumpkin opened for them. \" NOOOOOO! \" Kalabar shouted which startled them all. Cherry and Marnie soon took out the talisman and Kalabar hit them with a magical blast which made them both cry out in pain. Kalabar soon did it again with a sharp glare. \"Atticus... I don't feel so good...\" Cherry groaned to her best friend. \"You can do it, Cherry; I know you both can.\" Atticus said as he soon used his crystal powers to protect Marnie and Cherry from any more attacks. Kalabar glared at Atticus and soon shot against him. Atticus soon smirked as he dodged the attack while still having the girls protected. Cherry and Marnie leaned on the edge of the pumpkin with the talisman at hand, but they were unable to do much of anything. \"What are you, some sort of Kryptonian?!\" Kalabar glared at Atticus. \"Maybe~\" Atticus taunted the Mayor of Halloween Town. \"Wait... Marnie... Why not just let the talisman fall in?\" Cherry asked. \"I... I can't...\" Marnie groaned. \"Just drop it...\" Cherry replied. \"We're both weak, but Atticus can hold off Kalabar for us...\" \"O-Okay.\" Marnie said as she let the talisman drop into the giant pumpkin. Once the talisman landed, there was soon a huge glowing blast which made everyone else flinch from the bright light, and where the light increased as it shined through the crystals. \"It's working!\" Sophie cheered out of excitement. A bright light soon came into the movie theater which seemed to cure Gwen, Aggie, Drell, and the others. \"They did it.\" Drell smiled. \"Gwen...\" Aggie said as she took her daughter's hand. \"Mother!\" Gwen replied before hugging her mother. \"We better go meet up with the kids.\" Drell said. They soon left the theater to go find the others. Cherry and Marnie soon had their energy restored and they were able to stand up straight, and which caused Dylan and Sophie to get out of their hiding place. Atticus smiled to Cherry and Marnie as he then helped them down. Kalabar groaned as he soon began to crawl away.[Chapter 10] \"You two did it.\" Atticus smiled. Marnie soon hugged her little sister. \"Good going,\" Dylan told her. \"You got more than the weird part down.\" Gwen, Aggie, and Drell soon came to them. Aggie and Gwen happily reunited with the siblings. \"Cherry actually saved the day.\" Atticus told Drell. \"Cherry?!\" Drell gaped at the perky goth. \"I memorized the spell...\" Cherry shrugged. \"I'm very proud of you.\" Drell smiled. \" You're proud of me ...?\" Cherry replied in shock. \"That's right.\" Drell said. Cherry looked a bit sheepish as she felt like she wasn't expecting that. \"You've got all the power of the Cromwells and twice the guts.\" Aggie smiled proudly to Marnie. Gwen soon realized she was wrong. \"Grandma, i-it was Kalabar.\" Marnie told her grandmother. \"Ah, yes, Kalabar,\" Drell crossed his arms. \"Jealousy always got the bitter end of him, especially when it came to marital status and bearing children.\" \"Wait, does that mean Kalabar has kids?\" Cherry asked. \"...No?\" Drell looked around nervously, not wanting them to worry too much about the future. \"Drell?\" Gwen asked impatiently. Drell sighed. \"Well, I didn't wanna say anything, but you might wanna look out for someone named Kal next Halloween if you decide to come here...\" he then looked her right in the eyes. \"That is, if your kids are allowed to celebrate Halloween.\" \"Yes, they'll be allowed.\" Gwen allowed. This made the siblings smile in excitement to their mother's decision. \" KALABAR?! \" Drell called out as the man was trying to get up before he walked toward him. \"I want a word with you!\" \"What do you want?\" Kalabar glared as he stood up. \"Why did you do this?\" Drell glared at him with Aggie and Gwen. \"Are you that jealous that a mortal stole the girl of your dreams?\" \"Exactly!\" Kalabar glared back before looking toward Gwen. \"You could've had me! The most powerful warlock of all. You could've ruled with me, as my queen! But you chose a human instead!\" \"You didn't know that she was truly in love with that mortal.\" Drell glared. \"It turns out Mom's a pretty good judge of character.\" Marnie smirked while folding her arms at the Mayor of Halloween Town. \"Your days at rule are at an end, Kalabar.\" Aggie glared. \"Do not underestimate me,\" Kalabar smirked evilly. \"I got rid of Delilah Fudo, I can do the same to you all!\" he then raised his hand which made the talisman come from the pumpkin and into his clutches. \" NOW, MY DARKNESS WILL SPREAD ABJECT, AND I WILL BE RULER OF BOTH WORLDS! \" Drell was about to get his wand out to turn Kalabar into a familiar to punish him like he had done with Salem nearly a century ago, but he then remembered how strong the talisman could become from more and more magical creatures using their magic. Aggie soon began to recite a magical spell as she stepped in Drell's place as he soon restrained himself. Gwen soon took her mother's hand as he gave the older woman a helping hand. \" YOU'LL WASTE YOUR ENERGIES, WITCHES! \" Kalabar taunted. \"Man, that jerk...\" Dylan grumbled. \"I'd like to... I'd like to...\" Magic sparkles began to form in the boy's fingers. \"Dylan!\" Marnie told her brother in excitement. \"What?\" Dylan replied. \"Looks like we just added another witch to the family,\" Marnie smirked. \"Or should I say 'warlock'?\" \"No way!\" Dylan gasped as he looked at his hands. \"I don't have any powers; I'm the normal one in this family!\" \"But normal is boring,\" Cherry told him before asking. \"Do you want to be a boring person?\" \"Hey, Chocolate Bar!\" Marnie called out to Kalabar. Drell snickered. \"That was a good one.\" \"You better give that talisman back or you're in big trouble!\" Marnie warned. \"Yeah!\" Atticus added. \"You half-human brat and meddling nephew!\" Kalabar glared toward them. \"You think that your magic is any match for mine?!\" \"Hmm... No,\" Marnie replied. \"Let's see. My powers, and my mom's, and my grandmother's, and my sister's, and my brother's, and also, our two new friends' might do it. Hit it, guys!\" They all soon joined hands to combine all their magic into one as they had outnumbered Kalabar. Unfortunately, Dylan hadn't joined his hand in. \"Dylan, come on,\" Cherry told the boy. \"If I can do this, you can do it too, and I didn't think I could do anything. I have very different magic than wiccan or witch.\" \"Silly witches, wiccan, and dream-bender!\" Kalabar laughed as he held the talisman. \"You Cromwells have failed, especially you, Fudo, you're a hasbeen just like your precious aunt!\" Atticus simply ignored Kalabar at what he called him. \"Dylan, we need you!\" Marnie told her brother. \"Believe!\" Dylan soon looked to his sister and then joined hands with her at last. \"Unleash the magic... Unleash the magic...\" Drell said to himself about everyone else joining hands. \"If we lose, then you're to blame... Kalabar has used it... Maybe abused it... So why don't you do the same?\" \"Really?\" Atticus and Cherry asked, unimpressed. Drell nodded as he thought that would help motivate Dylan. \"No! No! NOOOOO! \" Kalabar cried out as he was soon losing power from the talisman since everyone else was against him, and where the talisman soon overpowered him, destroying him. The talisman then floated in the air before zipping back into Aggie's hand once Kalabar had been defeated. Everyone then cheered since Kalabar was no more and Halloween Town and the Mortal World were saved. The elderly witch woman then put the magic talisman back into the giant pumpkin. \"I'm so proud of you.\" Gwen whispered as she hugged Marnie. \"Mom?\" Marnie replied. \"Yes, sweetheart?\" Gwen asked. \"You were right,\" Marnie smiled. \"There was a lot about Halloween Town that I didn't understand. And I'm sorry about the things I said and did.\" \"And I'm sorry that I didn't trust you,\" Gwen said. \"You are everything I could've ever hoped for in a daughter and so much more.\" The two then shared a hug together once they had made up with each other. Marnie soon noticed Luke walking off somewhere. \"Oh, I've got quite great company here, my dear!\" Aggie beamed. \"I thought they were a handful before.\" Gwen commented. \"Hey, it wasn't me,\" Dylan chuckled. \"That stuff coming out of my fingertips was probably static electricity. Either that or that Aurora Borealis I've been reading about.\" \"Nope,\" Cherry said. \"That was magic.\" \"I forgot about Luke!\" Marnie told the others before running off and she then soon found him. \"Luke?\" She asked as she knelt by the boy. Luke sighed as he put the hood down and showed he had a very large nose and pointed ears. \"Hi.\" \"Wow...\" Marnie blinked. \"So, this is the real you?\" \"You wanna know the worst part?\" Luke replied. \"I wasn't even under a spell or anything. I did what I did because he made me handsome. Guess it wasn't much of a reason for being evil and all. Especially since when I was good looking, I didn't have a chance to get a date with you.\" Cherry heard what Luke said. \"A date?!\" Luke turned away sheepishly. \"Yeah, it was stupid...\" Marnie didn't say anything, but she gave Luke a kiss. \"Wow...\" Luke smiled shyly. \"I guess I didn't turn into a handsome prince though, huh?\" \"No, but you did that before when you decided to help us,\" Marnie smiled back warmly. \"We never could've done it without you. Thanks.\" \"Yeah, thanks for the help.\" Cherry said. Luke smiled back to them. \"If you ever come back to Halloween Town, look me up.\" Marnie smiled back with a nod. \"We'll do that.\" \"Great.\" Luke smiled, though mostly toward Marnie. Aggie soon came over. \"Marnie, we have to go,\" She told her granddaughter. \"Luke, we have a job for you.\" Hearing this news made them both happy. They soon went over together to see what the big hubbub was since it was great news. Everyone was cheering and clapping for Aggie and her family as they were their saviors, especially with Cherry and Atticus's help. \"Aggie, you're coming back with us, right?\" Atticus asked. \"He has a point, Mother,\" Gwen added. \"I have to admit you're very good with the kids.\" \"Thank you.\" Aggie replied, seeming surprised by her daughter's reaction. \"You know, I was thinking,\" Gwen then said. \"I could use a babysitter on Thursday nights. You know, my PTA meetings, sometimes they go on forever.\" \"Well, you know I can't cross over,\" Aggie replied. \"Only on Halloween night.\" \"Hmm... Well, then I guess you're just gonna have to come live with us.\" Gwen smiled. \"She has a point.\" Drell said. Marnie gasped in wonderfully delighted surprise. \"That is... If you want to...\" Gwen told Aggie. \"Grandma's gonna come live with us? Oh, that'd be so cool!\" Marnie beamed. \"You know, I can show you all my books, all the Frankenstein movies on video, and then you can show me how to-Oh, no, where's mine and Cherry's brooms?!\" \"Oh, don't panic, dear, don't panic.\" Aggie replied before whistling. Aggie's bag soon started to move towards her. \"Yes... Follows me everywhere,\" Aggie chuckled out of amusement. \"Open it up, open it up!\" Marnie soon opened the bag and took out her broomstick and Cherry reached in and then saw her own broomstick inside as well. \"I figured you'd pick the Dragonfly once.\" Drell chuckled to Cherry based on the color scheme. \"How could I not?\" Cherry asked. \"Our brooms!\" Marnie cheered to Cherry. \"I thought we could continue the studies.\" Aggie smiled to her granddaughter. \"Uh... No.\" Gwen replied as she took Marnie's broom from her. \"Mom?\" Marnie asked. \"I'm going to finish your training.\" Gwen then smiled to her. \"Ooh!\" Aggie beamed and giggled after Marnie and Gwen shared a hug. \"All Aboard the Mortal World!\" Luke announced as he rang a bell inside of the bus. The group soon got on the bus. \"All aboard! All aboard!\" Aggie told her grandchildren. \"Oh, the smallest first!\" \"I'm gonna figure out how this thing works.\" Dylan commented as he took his grandmother's bag. \"Good luck.\" Aggie smirked. They soon all got onto the bus so they could finally go home. \"Happy Birthday, Cherry.\" Atticus said. Cherry soon zipped to him to give him a hug which nearly looked like Sapphire's hug to Ruby due to their body statures. \"Thank you, Atticus.\" \"You're welcome.\" Atticus smiled as he hugged her back. \"I'll be sure to tell your grandmother about this, Cherry,\" Drell said as he helped the perky goth up into the bus. \"I'm really proud of you, whether you think I'm kidding or not. This feat such as yours should not go unrewarded. Just name it and it shall be yours.\" \"Really?\" Cherry asked. \"Yep, anything.\" Drell said. \"Hmm...\" Cherry hummed as she had a lot to think about right now. \"Consider it as my birthday present for you.\" Drell replied as he joined them on the bus. \"I want to go to Monster High.\" Cherry said. \"Oh, I dunno...\" Drell replied. \"You said anything, Drell,\" Atticus smirked. \"And it's Cherry's birthday...\" \"Well...\" Drell rubbed the back of his neck. \"I have to talk with Dracula about this before anything else.\" \"Alright.\" Atticus said. \"I just hope I can get to him before he craves a Bloody Mary if you know what I mean...\" Drell mumbled. \"So, we can go to Monster High?\" Cherry asked. \"Just let me talk with some people first and I'll get back to you as soon as possible.\" Drell replied. \"Alright.\" Atticus and Cherry said. Everyone clapped and cheered as they got on the bus and they all waved back to the citizens of Halloween Town. They soon left back to the human world. \"Thanks, kids!\" Benny waved. \"See ya in the afterlife! HA!\" \"Bye, Benny!\" Marnie giggled while Aggie blew kisses. The bus soon took them back to the human world. \"I'll see ya later, I can feel it in my bones! HA!\" Benny called out as he made his lame puns again. \"I wonder if he's related to Sans and Papyrus?\" Cherry smirked to herself since she was a fan of Undertale which had talking skeletons that told jokes, especially Sans. \"Nope.\" Drell shook his head. \"Who asked you?\" Cherry rolled her eyes as they were soon going back home. Once they were back home, they went their separate ways. Cherry yawned as soon as they were back home and came to lie down. \"Say hi to your grandmother for me, Cherry.\" Aggie told the girl. \"Will do.\" Cherry nodded as she looked ready for bed. The End ","Summary":" A/N: I'm thinking about putting out the full story around Fall time in time for Halloween. I know s"},{"Movie":"Real Steel","Title":"Max's Twin Sister","Author":"xXx AJO xXx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7567394","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer I do not own Real Steel or anything related to it, it all belongs to whomever created it. I only own Riley Kenton. Prologue/Background Max and Riley Kenton (twins) are in a tough spot. Max hasn't seen his dad, Charlie, since he was around the age of five. Where Riley never even met the man. They know Charlie was a pretty good boxer, but man-to-man boxing is now illegal and only Robot Boxing is allowed. Though Max and Riley grown up with there mother, she recently died in a car crash. Now they have nowhere to live. Their rich aunt and uncle want to adopt them but the law says they can't do that without Charlie's permission. When they all meet up in family court, Charlie is almost ready to give up his children for good when he hears the uncle talk about a trip to Italy they have planned for the summer - The uncle sounds like he'd be just as happy not to be dragging his young eleven year old niece and nephew along.- This gives Charlie an idea… Because he's desperate for cash, Charlie makes a deal with the uncle: He'll take the kids of their hands for the summer in exchange for 75 thousand dollars (telling the aunt he just wants some family time with his kids before they go) and then he'll return Max and Riley to them when they get back. Sorry it was really short but I had to put it out there (the prologue you know). Next chapter will probably be longer and way better I promise. If you want reviews would be awesome! Thanks![Chapter 2] Okay so here is chapter one. Hope you guess like it. And I'm saying this now it's pretty much the movie but with Riley in it so yeah! Also disclaimer I don not own Real Steel (sadly). I only own Riley Kenton. So review and all that jazz! Thanks! And it will be in Riley's POV (Point of view). Me and Max, sorry that's politically incorrect as my English teacher would say. But seriously who really cares? Anyway me and Max got out of aunt and uncles car to be with are father for first the first time. I've never met the man and I'm not sure I want to and positively know Max doesn't want to be with him 100%. Can't blame him our father did abandon us! He did know about us! All Max had were dome clothes and a special red butterfly he got from mom. All I had were also some clothes, some books and a blue butterfly necklace which I never takes off because it was the last thing mom gave me and cherish it deeply. Charlie now has to face us and we are practically forced to deal with a dad who abandoned us. I noticed Charlie couldn't help but stare at the butterfly objects and it looked like he felt bad for the us …motherless children… \" So you'll have them in New York by August 27 th?\" Aunt Helen asked Charlie. Charlie looks at Marvin (the uncle) in the car and nods. \"That's the deal\" Charlie said. Aunt Helen nods and gets back in Marvin's car and they drive off. Me and Max stand in the low slant of dim alley light with their bags at there feet. Charlie and Max stare at each other, like gunfighters in the old west. While I'm looking at the ground with a blank face. Not quite sure what to do at the moment. It was kinda awkward. \"I'm Charlie,\" Our dad said. No shit! I thought. \"No really? I thought you were Willie Wanka!\" I reply with dripping sarcasm. \"Hey look no need for sarcasm kid.\" Charlie said to me. \"How did it come to this?\" Max said almost in a whisper but Charlie and I (Oh take that English teacher I said it right!) still hear him. \"Well, uh, it's been a long time because, um… I'm your-\" Charlie didn't get the chance to finish stuttering for an explanation when Max cut him off. \"You screwed us!\" Max exclaimed. Yeah he did just a bit didn't he? I thought to myself. Charlie was thrown but the rough remark and said, \"nice mouth.\" I grin. \"You should hear mine,\" I mumbled so only Max could hear. He smirked. \"Do you know where there going?\" Max asked Charlie. \"Italy?\" Charlie replied uncertain if that's the right answer. \"Does this look like Italy?\" Me and Max said at the same time. Oh there goes that weird twin thing. We tend to do that quite a bit. \"Relax, you two have got a whole life of fine living ahead of you to see the world.\" Charlie said. \"I'm not spending the next coupla' months with you.\" Max said, truly not wanting to be with dad because he abandoned us. I agree I don't really wanna be here either. \"You bet your ass your not.\" Charlie said. I had a real smarts ass thing to say but kept to myself, knowing it wouldn't help. And trust me, me not saying anything is pretty hard. Plus Max also gave me a warning glance not say anything. So I didn't. \"I'm not spending the night here.\" Max tries saying again. \"Right again, Junior.\" Charlie says. Oh Max is not gonna like being called Junior. There was a minute of silence after that. Did our father really not actually want us? But then he continued talking, \"Is that your concerns? Cuz it shouldn't be. I already found someone that will take care of you two. I'm way ahead of you kid.\" Great even worse a babysitter! I thought. Then outta no where this girl she looked about Charlie's age came and pulled him aside. \"Dude's pissed. He's taking off.\" I hear the chick say. Charlie quickly grabs something out of his back pocket. I notice it's an envelope full of money. Hmm… I wonder were he got that from. I mean I thought he was poor or something. He passed the majority of the cash to the girl. \"Did Marvin give you that money?\" Max asked. And that's when it all clicked in my head. He got it from Uncle Marvin to take us for the summer. That bastard! \"Wrap it up with the man. Put Noisy Boy in the shop.\" Charlie said to the lady, completely ignoring my brother. How rude! The chick nodded before taking the cash and hurrying off. \"Hey my brother asked you a question. Answer him!\" I said not impressed. \"So listen, you guys are gonna stay here with Bailey, while I'm on the road-\" Charlie started to say still ignoring the question. \"Marvin gave you that money.\" Max stated the obvious and Charlie goes quiet. \"How much did he give you? Huh?\" Max asked the question I was thinking. Telling you weird twin thing. \"Lower your voice.\" Charlie said in a hushed voice. \"Like that's gonna happen,\" I said outload. \"Tell me! I wanna know!\" Max practically yelled. \"See!\" I exclaimed. Pointing at Max. \"This is the approach kid.\" Charlie said with calm sternness. But of coarse I know Max isn't gonna react the same way. \"I SHOULD CALL THE COPS! We deserve to know!\" Max yelled. \"75 thousand okay? He gave me 75 thousand dollars for 8 weeks and then you're all hers. Will you shut up now?\" Charlie said giving in the answer. \"No,\" I said abruptly, just to be difficult. Then it clicked in mine and Max's head. \"You sold us!\" Me and Max said at the same time. I mean a father doesn't sell there children do they? I can't believe it! I'm honestly biting my lip so my emotions stay intact. I no he doesn't love us or nothing but still! Charlie's silent is damming as me and Max are starting to crack. \"It sounds worse then it is…\" Charlie said letting his sentence trail at the end. \"No, trust me it sounds as worse then it is.\" I said bluntly. \"Explain to me how it could be worse then… you sold us?\" Max add. \"That's not-\" Charlie started saying but was cut off by Max. \"Give us half the money and were outta here.\" \"Where you gonna go?\" Charlie asked. \"Sweet of you to be concerned… Now just give us the money and we'll be fine.\" I chipped in getting frustrated with this guy. \"I told your aunt I'd make sure you got to New York at the end of the summer.\" Charlie said equally frustrated. Glad the feeling is mutual. \"Now you're concerned for Aunt Helen?\" Max said exploding. \" YOU SOLD US FOR 75 GRAND! YOU OWE US HALF!\" I nodded in agreement. \"I AIN'T GOT IT!\" Charlie yelled back. Well there's chapter 1 hope you liked it. Also a Thanks to PhantomGirl1731, Ali 0, JasmineChaynne, Mjmjmjmj, La Fille Avec Les Yeux Vert, Remiav and Imaninja41 for all either reviewing,alerting or favoriting Thanks so much! :D Remember review![Chapter 3] Hey I finally got the second chapter up sorry it took so long. I went and bought the movie :D yay! Anyway I' d like to give a thanks to Imaninja41, JainaZekkf621, Pein's Kid, .Uchicha, Ryle Culler, Obit is Majorly Hot and Lloydapt for all reviewing, they were awesome thanks. :D and a thanks for all the fav's and alerts. :D Disclaimer: I do not own Real Steel or anything related I just own Riley Kenton. Recap: \"Now you're concerned for Aunt Helen?\" Max said exploding. \" YOU SOLD US FOR 75 GRAND! YOU OWE US HALF!\" I nodded in agreement. \" I AIN'T GOT IT!\" Charlie yelled back. \"Ah, I'm through here.\" Charlie said waving his hands around and leaving me and my brother, standing on the side walk alone. I looked up at the big building we were standing next to 'Tallet's Gym Boxing'. I wonder if Tallet is the last name of the Bailey girl? \"Come on.\" Max said grabbing my arm, heading the way Charlie went. \"What? Wait. You want to follow the man who just sold us?\" I asked confused. Personally I don't. \"Well it's not like we really have anywhere else to go.\" Max said. I know were twins and all but sometimes I don't understand him. I mean we could just leave I'm positive Charlie wouldn't even notice or care for that matter. \"I don't know but anywhere is better than here.\" I said back. There's really only one place I want to be. \"And I got a place-ish in mind..\"Max sighed. I had a feeling he knew where and what he was going to say but I stayed quiet. \"You know we can't go back. I wish we could. I really do, but you know we can't.\" Max said softly. My gave swiftly went to the ground. \"I know.\" I mumbled. Max put his arm over my shoulders. \"Come on let's go see what this old man just bought.\" The first thing I heard when me and Max walked into the gym was Charlie's voice : \"So decided to stay huh?\" \"Yeah not like we can go anywhere else right now anyway.\" I said. He ignored me and kept talking. \"This is Bailey she'll be looking after you for a few weeks.\" Charlie continued. Wow, he can't even look after us himself, maybe it's a good thing he was never home when mom was alive, I thought to myself getting angry. \"What?\" Bailey said. Why am I not surprised I've barley none the man an hour and it just seems like something he would do. \"By the way, I need you to look after the kids for a few weeks, or like eight.\" Charlie said as casually as possible. \"I want half the money.\" Max cut in. I nodded in agreement, even though I wasn't excepting Max to say that but whatever. \"Are we back at this again?\" Charlie asked. Hmm... I kind of zoned out after a while with the hole money thing and looked around the room. In the middle was a big boxing ring which is I guess to be expected. To the sides were some table with random trinkets and computers. Behind Charlie and Bailey was a really big metal box with stickers from all over the world. \"Is there a real robot boxer in there?\" I asked cutting in between their argument. \"Noisy Boy's in there. Ever heard of him?\" Bailey said seeming relieved that I changed the subject and going to open the metal box. \"Of course. He fought Rubicon for the WRB belt in 2016.\" Said my nerdy brother who knows I swear everything about robot boxing that there is to know. \"The purple one?\" I asked. I wasn't a big fan of it but I don't mind it either. Max rolled his eyes at me. \"Yes! The purple one.\" He said to me like I was stupid. Geez sorry I asked. Bailey chuckled at us. Then there was some beeping noises and Charlie opened the box. \"Holy crap he looks amazing.\" Charlie said and I had to agree with him on this one because the robot did look pretty impressive. My brother was staring at it in awe like a little kid on Christmas morning. \"I've watched that fight with Rubicon like 20 times.\" Max said still in awe. He started walking toward the Noisy Boy. \"Yeah I know I had to watch it with like 2o times.\" I said with slight mockery toward the end. Max turned around and glared at me. A glare that said your ruining the moment. I just smiled at him. Hey! What are sisters for? \"He should have had in the third round.\" Max got his zone back and continued walking forward. \"But Rubicon got lucky with a huge right and ended it.\" Max was now standing in the box right in front of the robot. Then suddenly the robot came to life and stepped out of the box making Max fall on this butt on the ground. I had to stifle a laugh. \"Relax kid his on our side.\" Charlie said chuckling as well. \"Not funny.\" Max said still on the ground. \"Kinda funny.\" Me and Charlie said at the same time. We looked at each other and I looked away quickly and helped Max up. That was awkward. \"You know he has voice recognition right.\" Bailey stated grabbing what looks like a head set off the table. \"No he doesn't.\" Max said quickly correcting her. \"No he didn't in the league.\" Bailey re-corrected Max. \"When Noisy fought in Brazil they must have put it in. Brazilians are crazy about that talk-to-your-robot crap. \" Charlie said. So in a way Bailey and Max were right. I guess. Charlie took the head set from Bailey. \"Right. Left. Upper cut.\" Charlie said into the head set. But Noisy Boy didn't move. Now he was slightly freaking out that it wasn't working while Bailey was trying to fix it. Hmm they said it just came from Japan or something right? \"Hey don't you read that Japanese stuff all the time?\" Max whispered to me. \"Yeah but in English. Don't you play video games in Japanese?\" I whispered back. I grabbed the head set Charlie put down and passed it to Max. Max spoke into the head set and Noisy Boy started moving. Guess video games don't totally rote your brains after all. I actually like his Japanese games though they have better bootlegs. \"Whoa, whoa. What was that? Was that Japanese?\" Catching Charlie's attention. \"How the hell do you know Japanese?\" \"Video games.\" Max replied like it was the only possible answer. \"You play games in Japanese?\" \"Japanese bootlegs are always better.\" I said. Charlie just stared at us in disbelief while Bailey rest the language to English. And that is all for now I thank everyone who is reading this. Sorry it took forever to update and no I haven't forgotten about it. Plz review as always thanks :D[Chapter 4] So here is chapter 3 I sure hope you are enjoying it so far. I know I am having fun writing it so yeah. I would like to say one thing is honestly I have no idea when I'll update but I'll try and do it as soon as possible. And a thanks to JainaZekk621 and Imaninja41 for on with the story! \"Hey, Kid, pass me my jacket.\" Charlie said to me, we already packed Noisy Boy into his 1963 IH CEO green truck. Hey it looked cool so I had to check out the model. \"You know I have a name.\" I said holding on to his jacket but not giving it to him. \"I'm sure it a lovely name. Now give me my jacket.\" He said holding out his hand. \"No.\" \"Come on Kid I gotta be somewhere, I don't have all day.\" \"Lucky you I have all the time in the world. \" I slowly started taking his keys out of his jacket pocket so he wouldn't notice. \" Again I have a name and you could at least ask nicely.\" I now successfully had his keys in my pocket without him noticing. Oh yeah! I'm just that good. He sighed, frustrated. \"Riley may I please have my jacket now?\" He asked with 'kind' sarcasm. (If that makes any sense.) \"That's right you better humour me.\" I said with a bit of attitude and threw his jacket at him. I left and went to look for Max. Man, I really hate that guy. When I found Max he dead set on going with Charlie and this time I knew why he wanted to follow the man: To see/watch/experience the whole 9 yards of robot boxing. I had originally stolen Charlie keys 'cause I thought it would be funny now I see it could be beneficial. RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS Me and Max were standing in front of Charlie truck while he got in. I slowly took the keys out of my pocket and held them high in the air for him to see. When he realised he didn't have his keys he opened the door and stood out the side of it. \"Give me the keys.\" \"We're going with you.\" I said. \"No you're not.\" Charlie stated. \"Why not?\" Max asked. \"Because I don't wantcha with me, OK?\" Charlie replied. Just when you think this guy can't be more of a asshole. Well at least he was blunt about it. Max and I held a straight face. It was a little hurtful. \"We're either coming with you or your fishing for your keys in the sewer.\" Max said back. I smiled. I love Max and his quick thinking. \"Your choice what's it gonna be old man?\" I jingle the keys. Then I dropped them above the grate and Max caught them at the very last second. \"Oh my god that was close, wasn't it.\" Max said in a playful tone. Charlie flinched a bit, holding out his hand. \"Don't do that again.\" Charlie said calmly. Max held the keys up and jingled them like last time. \"Don't, don't, don't.\" \"That's scaring you isn't it.\" I stated more than questioned. \"What don't do this again?\" Max said dropping the keys and I was the one to catch them at the very last second. \"Whoa! Whoa!\" I said for dramatic effect. \"Get in just get in will ya?\" Charlie said clearly unimpressed. \"Give me the keys first.\" \"No, what happened to asking nicely?\" I interrogated while at the same time Max said, \"No, you can wait till we get in the truck.\" We walked to the other door on the truck. \"Thanks Big Pops.\" We said at the same getting in the old 1963. I got stuck in the middle and passed Charlie the keys. \"Sweet ride.\" I told him. \"Put on your seat belt and don't talk.\" Charlie said almost monotone. No it wasn't almost it was monotone. RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS Charlie pulled up to some place called Crash Palace. It was a some robot boxing place to make quick cash. Only thing I have to say about is that it's very boisterous and that's putting it mildly. The music was so loud I could hardly think. When we walked into the place I stayed close to Max. Max was beside Charlie and Noisy Boy was walking behind us. The place was filled with people either who looked like they were half drunk, strippers or thugs. Oh and there were lots of robots of all shapes and sizes, battered and polished... You get the point. But I am totally regretting ever coming along. Eventually we made it over to where the real big crowd was and of course we have to go pretty much smack dab in the middle. In front on the crowd of people was a bored with all the events going on and bald black man who seemed to be running it all. \"Hey! Hey! Hey!\" Exclaimed the bald man as soon as he Charlie. \"Charlie Kenton is in the house!\" The crowd died down a little bit but it was still very loud. \"Alright. Alright.\" Said Charlie clearly loving all the attention. \"Come on.\" \"Hey, Finn.\" Charlie greeted. I guess he knows the guy. \"Is that Noisy Boy?\" The man asked curiously. \"No, It's Optimus Prime the Transformer.\" I said sarcastically, although I don't think Finn heard me because Charlie put his over my mouth. \"The one and only.\" Charlie said with a smile. I pushed his hand away with distaste. \"That's Noisy Boy!\" The man yelled and everyone cheered. I took a step closer to Max who seemed to be cringing from the loudness as well. Finn came down from the podium and toward Charlie giving him one of the those man hugs, you know? With the one arm and pat on the back sorta thing. \"Noisy been in Japan, soft bots over there. You sure you want to fight him tonight?\" Finn asked. \"What do you got, Finn? He can take any bot in the place. You know it.\" Charlie answered cockily. (Is that a word? Oh well it is now.) The crowd Oooo'd. Finn laughed. \"You can have any undercard you want. Five thousand guaranteed.\" I wasn't quite sure what that meant but sounded good enough to me. Plus five thousand guaranteed . I just wanted to get this over with and go. Eventually Charlie got the main event instead although Max tried to tell him otherwise. I tried to help defend what Max was saying but Charlie still didn't listen. Max was a little grumpy after that. RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS Introductions were made and Noisy Boy was now fighting Midas in boxing ring that had chains all around it. I had my hands over my ear to try and block out some of the noise but I watched the fight intently. \"We have Midas against Noisy Boy. Noisy Boy against Midas.\" I could hear Finn's voice through the amp. \"You've been waiting all night for this matchup, Crash Palace!\" Ugh, don't even remind me of how long of a wait it was. The bell dinged and the robots ran at each other. Charlie spoke into the head set and Noisy Boy punched Midas right in the chest making him fall to the ground with a hard clang. \"Ooh did you see that? Easy money. Easy money. All night long.\" Charlie said to me and Max excitedly. \"Bet you 10 dollars he doesn't make to the second round.\" I said to Max. \"You're on he'll make it to the third round but after that who know.\" \"Deal.\" We spit shacked on the bet. Even though it's slightly gross, but I mean we got the same DNA and stuff don't we. Midas got back up. \"Skull Salvo. Firefight.\" Charlie said already premade moves. Midas went to punch Noisy Boy but he blocked and punched Midas in the head with his other arm and then just kept punching him, Midas was stumbling backwards a little bit. \"Yeah! Go Noisy!\" I heard Max cheering. I smiled. Noisy Boy had Midas stuck in the corner. The fight went on and Noisy picked up Midas and threw him to the ground. It looked so cool! Don't get to into now, I thought to myself. Midas got back up and Noisy Boy had him in the corner again. Noisy Boy still listening to Charlie's orders wound up his fist ready to punch Midas, when Midas beat him to it and punched Noisy Boy in the stomach sending him all the way to the opposite corner. I flinched when that happened. Midas ran up to Noisy Boy and started beating the shit out of Noisy Boy. Even kicked him in the leg. I'm fairly certain you couldn't do that. \"That's illegal.\" I exclaimed to Charlie. \"This is the underworld, kid. There are no rules.\" Charlie said. Me and Max 'hmphed'. Charlie started panicking and not really knowing any moves for the robot, all he said was hands up, jab. \"He's getting killed in there!\" Max said banging his fists on the boxing ring. \"Uhhh..\" Was all that came from Charlie. \"It's a head set. You talk into and tell him what to do!\" Max yelled at him. I giggled at the comment. It's moments like this I love my brother. Charlie failed at telling Noisy Boy what to do and Midas grabbed Noisy by the arm and started punching him in the back of the head. Max sighed and shook his head. I just grimaced. Somehow Midas litterly broke off Noisy Boy's arm. Some of his 'juice' went in Midas's face. After that it was all over. \"No. No. Get up.\" Charlie yelled. Like that's gonna help poor robot is practically dead already. As a final move Midas punched Noisy Boy his head flew off to who knows where. The crowd cheered 'Midas! Midas!' Charlie and Max look upset, they looked almost identical with their scrunched up face. \"You owe me ten bucks, bro.\" I sang into Max's ear. Well that is all for now and man was that chapter updated a lot faster. I guess I felt bad about the long wait last time. Hope you like it :D Review Please![Chapter 5] Et voila chpt. 4! Thanks to everyone who altered or favourite. Also big thanks to JainaZekk621, .Uchich Imaninja41 and Lightningfalls for reviewing it means a lot. In case I forgot .Disclaimer : I do not own Real Steel or anything in it but I do own Riley Kenton. Windows and the Junkyard Max and I were on metal bar next to a dissembled Noisy Boy. I was swinging my legs back and forth. Max didn't have his jacket on so I took it and put it on, I was a little cold. \"Well that sucked, you guys hungry?\" Charlie said storming over to us and threw a white bag at us, Max caught it. Max started to open the bag. \"I saved what's left of Noisy's voice recognition board.\" Charlie said. I just looked at him with the face of I-really-don't-give-a-shit. Then looked over to Max to see what was in the bag but he was looking over at the dead robot. \"Other than that, he's trash. I got to get a new robot together.\" Charlie continued to say. \"I need to find a mainframe.\" Finally Max took the food out of the bag and we just stared at it. Ew. \"What?\" Charlie asked noticing the looks on our faces. He had his hands on his hips. \"I hate hamburgers.\" Max said disappointedly. Charlie look over at me, \"What you hate hamburgers too, huh?\" \"I'm a vegetarian.\" I said matter-of-factly. \"Animals have as much right to live as we do.\" He rolled his eyes at me and looked at us in disbelief, \"What kind of kids hates hamburgers?\" Max started to but the food back in the paper bag. \"Fine, fine more for me then.\" Charlie said taking the bag away from Max. \"Here, drink this.\" He passed us two Red Bulls. I've never had one of these before. Mom never let me have theses. Mom, I miss her so much. I stared at the can sadly for a couple second then pushed the thought away. \"You never should have taken that fight.\" I heard Max say pissed off that they lost. Max just gets like that some times. Plus right now I don't care I'm hungry and tired. Although I probably won't be after this drink. I cracked open the drink and took a sip. Man it was strong. \"Oh? Really, Really? Thanks, Genius.\" Charlie replied sarcastically with fake smile then frown. \"Do you even think about the stuff before you do it?\" Max asked. \"You had no idea how to fight that fight. Those combination codes, you didn't even know what half of them meant.\" Charlie was looking everywhere except at my brother secretly knowing he was right. Which Max is right, Charlie threw them in there cocky and half-assed. \"You threw them in there cocky and half-assed.\" Max continued to rant. There goes that twin-telepathy thing again. \"Of course he lost you never gave him a chance.\" \"He wasn't that good.\" Charlie retorted. \"From what Max used to make me watch Noisy Boy was a great robot.\" I chimed in, getting some energy back. Max would always watch the big league robots fighting and since Max and me are almost always together, I wound up always watching it. \"Was. Was a great robot back in the league. Back in the day.\" Charlie said frustrated that we weren't agreeing with him. I mean why would we? He just doesn't want to admit he's wrong. \"But look around you. This place.. This place is where once great robots come to die.\" \"Well yeah obliviously if those once great robots are given to you.\" I said kind of snidely. \"Look kid-\" Charlie was cut off by Max. \"So throw him away. That's what you do, right?\" Max's voice was accusing but soft at the same time. \"Anything you don't need, you just throw away.\" Charlie scoffed. \"Wow.\" He pointed his finger at us. \"It's been a long night. You wanna sleep indoors tonight, shut up and get in the truck.\" Woah, he can't tell me what to do. Us. Max look at Charlie with more disbelief then attitude like I had. \"Don't look at me like that way. Now get in the truck.\" Charlie said the last part louder while pointing to the truck. Before I could stand my ground when Max lightly tugged my hand and lead me to the truck. We were driving the truck out the building, slowly might I add. I was sitting in the middle of the two as always. Why was I always in the middle? I saw Charlie poke his head out the window. So I looked throw the window to see what he was looking at; I saw Noisy Boys head being sawed off a metal support beam. \"Well, they gave me 400 for his head.\" Charlie said. Max rolled his eyes and looked out the opposite window. A couple minutes later I finished my Red Bull. I started to inspect the inside of the truck. Windows, seats, garbage all over the floor, windows behind the garbage. Wait. What? I moved aside some of the garbage with my foot. Woah they're windows! Like under the dashboard and all. I've never noticed this before! \"Charlie?\" I asked tentatively. \"Yeah?\" He said keeping his eyes on the road. Which is a good thing 'cause I personally don't want to crash. \"Um, could I possibly sit on the floor?\" I tried to ask as casually as possible. He glanced at me funny. Yeah, I'd most likely glance at me funny too. \"What?\" He asked confused now completely looking at me. \"Woah, eyes on the road; I asked if I could sit on the floor. \" Charlie looked back at the road. It seemed as though he was about to say no, so I quickly added: \"It's not like I have a seat belt or anything anyway.\" Seriously there's no middle seat belt in the truck. I don't even think it was made for three people. \"Fine. Whatever.\" Charlie said not even questioning it. I smiled in triumph and sat down on the floor pushing more garbage out of the way. It was such an interesting and different view of the road that I loved it. I wound up staring out the window for the rest of the ride. Eventually we came to a stop hours later at what looked like a junk yard sort of thing. \"You guys stay put . I'm going to go look for some parts.\" Charlie told us while turning off the truck. \"I'm coming with you, Riley too.\" Max said for the both of us. \"Huh?\" \"That drink has my heart pounding.\" Max clarified. Although my energy drink wore off early 'cause I had mine early then Max but hey I could use a walk, stretch my legs. \"If I sit in this truck any longer my head will explode.\" \"Whatever. Just keep up.\" Charlie said getting out of the truck. Me and Max did the same. It started to thunder and rain lightly while Charlie got a really big metal wagon. Walking at Charlie's fast paste we got to the iron junkyard doors that were chained shut. \"Crap. Stay back stay back stay back.\" Charlie told us. \"Ok we heard you the first fifty times.\" I said standing away from where Charlie was with Max. Charlie grabbed giant bolt pliers things from the wagon. Or whatever you call those things. But you get what I'm talking about, right? Anyway he cut off the chain and we went inside. \"All right. Keep up.\" Geez Charlie I heard you say that back at the truck. \"These searchlights are automated, but you gotta time right so stay close.\" And stay close I did, I really didn't feel like getting caught for breaking in for a reason I don't know. \"Woah. Woah. Woah.\" Charlie said while the light passed just in front of us. \"Alright. Come on, come on.\" Charlie continued to walk by metal crates. \"We're gonna get caught.\" Max and I said at the same time, glancing at each other. \"Come on.\" I sighed. Max grabbed my hand and we followed closely behind. \"Easy, easy, easy, easy, easy.\" Charlie kept repeating as watch light came back over to us. \"Quick, quick. Down in there. Go, go, go.\" All three of us ran behind this metal thing leaving the wagon behind. \"Robots are on the east side we go to be quick in here.\" Once the light passed we wasted no time getting up grabbing the wagon and getting to our destination. \"Once we're through here there's no more searchlights.\" Charlie stated. Which was a relief because I don't want to hide every second minute. \"Quick. Go, go, go.\" With that we ran the rest of the way to the robot part of the junkyard where we were home free. \"Here it is.\" By now it's pouring rain and I'm soaking wet. \"What are we looking for?\" Max asked. \"Anything. Anything I can use to put a fighting bot together.\" Charlie answered. I looked around squinting through the rain looking at rows and rows of self with nuts, bolts, robot arms, heads...The list goes on and on. Although a lot of it did look like junk and scrape. \"Hey, look.\" Max pointed to something. \"What?\" We walked closer to what Max was point at, it was a really small (compared to normal size) robots head. The metal head kind of had somewhat of a face to it. \"It's so small.\" Max stated slightly bewildered. \"And old.\" I added. \"Oh, yeah. That's before your time. That's a generation one, the very first fighting bot. They wanted them to look like us. The more human the better.\" Charlie informed us, continuing to pick up random pieces and throwing them in the wagon. \"Crazy how quick everything changed.\" \"What changed?\" Max asked then question that was in my head. \"A good question. Boxing, human boxing. It just faded.\" \"Why?\" Max asked. I started spinning (doing sloppy pirouettes) in the rain , seeming uninterested in the conversation. I love the rain. \"Because the money moved on. People wanted more carnage, more show. You had the Brazilian underground,\" what Charlie was saying was actually kind of interesting but I wasn't about to admit that. \"the Gracies, the Machados, jiu-jitsu, Muay Thai and thousands of styles inbetween. Full-on ground-and-pound.\" I stopped spinning before I got too dizzy. \"Look at this.\" Max said slightly excited picking up some weird piece of metal that had some wires attached to it. \"What is it?\" I asked raising my eye brow. \"I don't know.\" Max replied. Charlie took it from Max. \"Not bad. Good spot, kid.\" \"Great, now what is it? \" I asked again this time directing the question to Charlie before he could keep talking about what he was talking about before. \"Oh, um it's-\" I cut him off. \"You said 'um' so don't know what it really is, do you?\" \"Course I know what it is,\" Charlie said insulted that I question his intelligence. I could see Max had a slightly amused look on his face. \"It's like a plug wire for a car except it's for a robot.\" \"Great explanation, that helped.\" I mumbled sarcastically. Now I feel like the stupid one, I don't know anything about the inside of a car. Just the outside, I mean I am one day going to own a mustang. Max chuckled and shook his head at me upon my reaction. \"Anyway, you still had human fighters, human bodies,\" Charlie continued. \"so you couldn't give the people what they really wanted: true, no-holds-barred violence.\" Charlie stopped walking, very randomly picked up a metal disc, threw it and acted like he didn't do anything and kept walking and talking. Strange... \" So the next logical step: get the humans out of there and let the machines kill each other.\" \"Do you miss it?\" Max asked sincerely. Me and Max were standing by each other while Charlie was looking through a rack higher up with his flash light. \"Boxing. Do you miss it?\" I clarified for Max. \"Careful.\"Charlie warned. \"What?\" I said perplexed at the same time Max said, \" What, we want to know.\" Charlie quickly got down from where he was, I thought I saw a glimpse of worry. Must be my imagination or something... \"Careful, you're on a cliff.\" Charlie told us. My stomach instantly dropped. Max turned around slowly, I followed suit. Once I did I immediately regretted it. It was at least an a thousand foot drop of rock going into a black abyss. I turned back around quickly, color draining from my face. \"Woah!\" Max exclaimed. \"That's a long way down, if you fell you definitely...\" Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. CRACK! AN:Well thats all for now :D hope you guys like the cliffy. Curious as to whats going to happen. I know I am!I think we all know what Rileys fear is. Can't wait to get the next Chapt going hopefully it will be soon... Oh please review that'd be lovely. Plus the more reviews the faster I right... I mean Write :P anyway tell me what you think :D plus this is like one of my fav parts in the hole movie I dont wanna mess it up! Toodles![Chapter 6] !Yay next chapter is up! Enjoy! OMG Sorry it took long when I said it would be soon and it wasn't. Charlie's an ass Normal POV: CRACK! Next thing either of the twins know, they're quickly falling down a slight slope into the black abyss; both screaming at the top of their lungs. \"MAX! RILEY!\" Charlie yelled running towards the cliff. Then running off to cement stairs that led downwards. The fall was muddy and without a doubt painful. Riley was still screaming like crazy, losing any control she had and was rolling instead. \"Charlie, help us!\" Max yelled, that was the last thing Riley paid attention to, her brother, before she hit her head on the rock going semi conscious. Max stopped screaming when his jacket got hooked onto a piece of metal. Not seconds later Riley went flying over him. Quickly grabbing her limp arm before should could go any further. Riley's eyes were half closed. \"Come on Riley stay awake.\" Max pleaded his sister, tears forming in his eyes. She was getting heavy but he was never going to let go. He couldn't he was her big brother even if it was only by a couple minutes. Slowly Riley's finger gripped around Max's wrist. \"Charlie!\" Max yelled again at the top of his lungs. \"Max! Max! Riley!\" Charlie yelled back getting to the bottom of the stairs to his children. \"Try not to move.\" \"I think- I think we're on some kind of robot arm.\"Max said turning a little to face Charlie. At this point Riley groaned loudly. \"Where?- What hap... My... Hurts...\" Riley couldn't complete a full sentence. Fully opening her eyes she looked at her soundings and froze in fear as soon as she look down, gripping her brothers hand tighter. There was nothing but darkness beneath her. \"Hey Riley I know you're scared,\" Charlie said in a soft voice,\" but I need you to give me your free hand.\" Riley looked down again and whimpered, shaking her head vigorously. \"Riley just look at me the whole time, I'll be right here holding your hand. \" Max told his sister, giving her an encouraging smile. It seemed to help because she slowly reached her small hand out sideways into Charlie larger on; the whole never once even blinking while looking at Max who was still encouraging her. Even though Max was just as scared as his sister was, he stayed strong for her. \"Alright I gotcha kid. I gotcha.\" Charlie said soothingly. \"You don't have to be scared. I've gotcha. You can let go of your brothers hand now.\" Riley bit her lip, her eyes saying everything that she was scared and not going to leave her brother behind. \"It's okay.\" Max said squeezing her hand. Riley hesitantly let go of Max's hand and immediately clung to Charlie's arm. Charlie pulled her up and she clung to his torso instead bearing her head. She was trembling. \"See that wasn't so bad now was it?\" Charlie asked, trying to lighten her mood. \"Why don't you hang off the edge of a cliff see how you like it.\" Riley growled lowly into his shirt. Getting Max was a little more difficult because Riley refused to let go of Charlie. \"Okay Max we're going to do this together.\" Charlie said once he had both of Max's hands in his. Max was breathing nervously. \"One... Two... Three!\" Charlie pulled Max up and screamed a little. Out of instinct Riley grabbed her brother pulling him closer to herself and Charlie, knocking them all on the ground. Charlie hugged his kids tightly and they hugged back. \"I got you. I got you. Your safe. Your safe.\" Charlie told them reassuringly. \"Alight I got you. You okay?\" Charlie asked going back to his rough voice; letting go of the kids. Way to ruin the moment, Riley thought. \"Yeah.\" Max said. Riley just shrugged her hands still shaking. She really did hate heights. \"You alright?\" Charlie asked again. \"Mhm.\" Riley replied even though she wasn't really quite alright. She was sitting right next to Charlie away from the edge while Max was crawling on his knees near the edge grabbing a flash light. \"I told you it was dangerous.\" Charlie directed more at Max. \"Careful. We're still on the edge here.\" Max ignored him and started to dig. His eyes light up. Which made Riley curious so she inclined her head better to see. \"I think there's a whole robot in there.\" Max said. \"So what? Let's go. Come on.\" Charlie retorted. \"I'm taking him with me. He saved my life.\" \"He did not save your life. I saved your life. Let's go.\" Charlie said irritated. \"Can you just bring the cart to the edge? I'll use the winch to get him out.\" Max said just as irritated. \"You want that piece of junk? You get the cart yourself. I'm through here.\" Just when you think he cares. He doesn't, Riley thought and sighed to herself. Charlie got up left, only turning back once to ask Riley if she was coming or not. Of course she was staying with her brother even if she wanted to be on normal grounds away from cliffs. \"Don't mind Charlie he can be an ass.\" Riley said to Max who chuckled a little. Slowly but surely Max started to dig not even giving Charlie a second glance. Riley tried to help a little with the parts that weren't nearest to the edge. So they dug in rain ach greatfull for one and other. I know I know it's kinda short but I wanted to keep writing but I thought you guys deserved another chapter soon rather then later. And be happy because I should be studing for exams but instead im posting just for you guys. Plus that is one of my favourite scenes an i didnt want to mess up! Also a thanks to .Uchiha, Imaninja41, NJ7009 and NotSoAngelAnymore for all reviewing. Also thanks to whos alerted an faved. Keep it up! Review! XD Also go vote on my poll pretty please.[Chapter 7] AN: So sorry this took forever! And no I never give up on any of my stories. Because I really want to get this one done. But I've been camping a lot. Plus go check out my poll plz and thank you. I'm sorry it's a short chapter ans that it took forever again! But I hope this chapter isn't to bad it's really more of a filler chapter. So sorry if it's a little on the boring side. But anyway read away! Atom Max's POV: It took me and Riley all night to dig up the robot and then carry it up the stairs. Once we got to the top I got the robot into the wagon and told Riley to get in as well since she looked ready to pass out. She didn't object and was soon fast asleep. The sun was now up, I was pulling the wagon along up the road to where I could see Charlie's truck. When I got there Charlie said something but ignored it, clenching my fists. I stood my ground glaring at him until I finally lashed out on him. Punching him over and over again in the chest. How could he be caring one moment then cold as ice the next? What kind of parent leaves their kids in the dark on a cliff? I mean we almost died! And he left us there afterwards. Obviously he doesn't care about us enough. No, he just got stuck with us and can't wait for us to leave! He's a shitty ass parent and he knows it just chooses not to care. Eventually I stopped hitting him, he didn't even resist when I was. I held my head high glared at Charlie one more time before turning around and went to carry my sister in the truck. RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR Riley's POV: After waking up in the truck me and Max made our way inside to Charlie and Bailey arguing about the robot we dug up. \"It's our robot. It took us half the night dragging him out of there.\" Max said determinedly, cutting off their argue. \"He's ours.\" \"He's yours? Yeah.\" Charlie challenged. \"But the part we're putting in him are mine!\" Man this guy make such big deal out of things. Me and Max made a face at him. \"You idiots should see if he powers up before you start fighting over him.\" Baileys voice rang through. I chuckled slightly, considering I wasn't really in their conversation so there for I was not one of the idiots. \"Have I ever mentioned I like you.\" I said directing it to Bailey. She smiled back at me in response. Bailey started doing who-knows-what to the robot making it beep a lot before there was this whirling sound and the robot sat up. Me and Max back since we were right next to it, who knows maybe it's defective. Although we both had a look of 'awe' on our face. Max rocked on his feet to the right slightly and the robot followed his movement. I had to admit it was pretty cool. \"Looks like he's got a shadow function. That's pretty rare.\" Bailey said. \"He can mime your moves and store them in memory.\" Max was still making the robot move lightly. While I said with a wicked smile, \"Oh that could be fun.\" Charlie glanced at me then asked Bailey if there were any part they could us and she said not much. \"There's a bucket...\" Charlie snapped his fingers getting Max and I attention. \"There's a bucket I use to wash the truck sometimes.\" \"Sometimes? Like what once every centaury?\" I said sarcastically. He rolled his eyes at me. \"I want you to use to clean him up. He smells like crap.\" \"You smell like crap.\" I snapped back... Okay, Not my greatest come back. But hey it was worth a shot! \"No, you're the one that smells like crap. Come on go wash yourself while you're at it. You stink.\" I guess that's true considering me and Max are full of dried mud. \"Fine you win this time.\" I said and me and Max headed off outside while Max lead the robot by remote control. Needless to say we washed the robot, got socked in the process and also found out the robots name is Atom. \"His name is Atom.\" I said to Charlie. \"Can you get him to fight?\" Max continued. \"I don't think he was ever a boxing robot.\" Charlie informed us. \"He's a G-2, built in early 2014. He was a sparing bot.\" \"You're not answering our question.\" I said before he could keep talking. \"Are you not listening? He's a sparing bot.\" Charlie retorted. \"Yeah I'm listening. You're just not answering!\" I said exasperated. \"So he's a sparing bot. Doesn't spare mean fight or something?\" \"Look, he's built to take a lot of hits, but never to dish out any real punishment.\" Charlie said getting frustrated. \"You could always try selling him for parts.\" Bailey said trying to help, which it didn't but thanks for trying. \"Can't you get him to fight?\" Max asked again. \" Why can't you get him to fight? Get him to fight.\" Charlie mocked, \"God, you don't quit, do you?\" Clearly he's annoyed. He stopped whatever he was doing with the remaining pieces of Ambush and walked towards us. \"You want me to put him in some bottom-rung scrap-fest to the death?\" Charlie continued. \"I saw how scared you were at Crash Palace. Yeah, the places that would let you fight this robot would make you pee your little pants.\" \"Excellent. Get him to fight.\" Me and Max said at the same time with a stoic expression. Charlie just scoffed as we walked away from him with Atom. RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRS RSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSRSR The next morning Max told me he went for a walk with Atom. He also told me that Atom could actually understand what we were saying. I was a little sceptical at first but I know when my brother is lying to me and he wasn't. Also that morning we found out Charlie used to be a boxer which isn't really all that surprising; Bailey was the one telling us about him she honestly sounded like she was in love. The way she talked about him, made him sound like a really great guy... The kind you would want as father that stuck around. Max was more fascinated by it then I was and kept asking a bunch of question before Charlie told us to go pack and get in the truck. So here we were in the truck again on a long ride to Atlanta. AN: Now I would like to thank anyone who has faved or alerted. Also a thanks to Imaninja41, NJ7009, WolfAssassin369 and Guest for all reviewing, even though I didn't write a lot this chapter you guys deffinitly helped me keep writing. PS: and no I haven't forgot about this story and never will same goes for my other fanfiction which are just on hold. Thank you keep reading and reviewing![Chapter 8] AN: I'm not going to waste your time with excuses... Here's the next chapter hope you enjoy it! Okay its gonna be a little short sorry! Riley's POV: So we got to where ever Charlie needed to go. It also happened to be where Zeus was and to say my brother was freaking out (in a good way) would be an understatement. So what this Zeus is like the number one robot, it's not all that interesting. Charlie tried to get more money for a new robot or something. It obviously didn't work. He gave into Max and I, saying we could fight Atom at the zoo. ...:::Back In the Truck::... Max fell asleep against the window on our way back. \"You know he looks up to you.\" I said to Charlie without looking at him. \"Who does?\" Charlie asked. Oh my God, is he really that dense. \" James Dean, - Max of course,\" I say in a 'duh' voice, \"who else?\" Charlie got a stony expression on his face like he was kind of happy but didn't want to be or something. \"What makes you say that?\" \"Well 1. I'm his twin, I know these kinda things even if he doesn't tell me.\" I stated, \"And 2. The way he listens to you when you tell old boxing stories, he loves hearing about it. And then earlier today saying we can get Atom to fight, I wouldn't be surprised if you were his favourite person!\" \"You're speaking nonsense kid.\" Charlie replies. Sigh. \"No wonder mom left you.\" I mumble loud enough so he can hear. \"Listen kid-\" \"My name is Riley.\" \"Listen, Riley, you don't know anything that happened between your mother and me.\" Charlie started to explain but I cut him off again. \"No, you listen, Charlie. Yeah, you're right I don't know what happened between you and mom because You were never around! But I do know that when people try/are getting close you don't want it to happen! That's why you left mom.\" I said in a shaky breath, tears coming to my eyes. \"Riley...\" \"No, don't try to console me, you know it's true... Just don't break Max's heart like you did mom's.\" \"What about your heart?\" He asked softly. \"You never had it to begin with.\" And with that I turned away from him, closed my eyes and tried to sleep. But the truth was she was always wishing for a dad and whoever her really father was always had her heart from the beginning since she was a little girl. But as soon as she met Charlie her heart broke knowing he didn't want her or Max. Ok, so really short! but it's there and yea, reviews are always welcome :)[Chapter 9] Alright, so I felt bad for not updating so long here's another chapter! And I'd like to thank everyone who has stuck with this story! And also a thank to: Puckabrina dreamer , Darkest Women , Grace, Ivy16andPregnant, Leverage112, EmmaLee, DarcyGirl, NJ7009 , Claire, magclot23 , alyssa and awesome , Dorito of Doom , Narsilia Lyanna Elendil , MidnightWolf191 , The Deserter, and MidnightWolf191 . Also to anyone I may have missed thank you! (Riley's POV) ...::The Next Day::... I woke up to Max shaking my shoulder. \"Come on I'm teaching Atom some fighting moves.\" Max said enthusiastically. \"And why do I have be up for that?\" I groaned sleepily. \"Because he's your robot too, you should at least witness his training.\" \"Ugh, fine.\" So for the past hour I've been watching Max 'train' Atom. When Charlie makes himself present. I'm still not happy with him ... Never was really, I guess. But he does make Max happy at times... So I guess I'll be the same to him as I have been... Maybe just a little more attitude. \"You've been up all night?\" Charlie asked Max. \"Yeah. I've been cleaning him up. Riley got up an hour ago.\" Max replied. Charlie glanced up at me no emotion on his face. I averted my eyes, do I feel guilty? No.. I couldn't what I said was true. He didn't even try to deny it. \"I'm using shadow mode to program some fight moves and sync them to the remote.\" Max continued. \"Yeah. I saw that double-punch you were showing him. That's... That's lethal stuff.\" I wonder if I hurt his feelings from what I said yesterday? Hmm, naw Charlie obviously doesn't have feelings for us. I mean he did kind of sell us. I shake my head clearing my thoughts. \"Let's do this.\" Max said confidently, I smiled at him. \"Jeez. Let's do breakfast first.\" Charlie countered. ...::The Zoo::... We were all walking to the zoo gate. \"You know you're bringing him home in pieces, right?\" Charlie said looking at Atom then at us. \"Charlie, have some faith for once why don'tcha, okay?\" I retorted. \"We'll see.\" Is all Max said. We walked up to this guy with a Mohawk and crooked gold teeth. Man he was ugly. \"Charlie Kenton. This is Max and Riley.\" Charlie introduced us. \"Kingpin. Call me Kingpin.\" The ugly guy replied giving Charlie a hand shake. I gave Max a weird a look which he returned. \"Are you really that self centered, that you gave yourself the nickname of Kingpin? 'Cause I doubt your momma named you that.\" I said giving him an incredulous look. \"Listen here little girly,\" 'Kingpin' started saying at me before Charlie cut him off, also giving me hard nudge to my side. Ow! \"Alright, Kingpin so..\" \"How much a round?\" Max cut in, also standing slightly in front of me defensively. \"What's this, we on a field trip?\" Kingpin asked. \"Alright, he can fight my robot Metro. I'll give you 100bucks for one two minute round.\" \"Take it.\" Charlie told Max while I told him to go higher. \"Three hundred.\" Max countered. \"One hundred. Baby boy, I'm going to give you one hundred just to get in with Metro.\" \"How about five hundred for two rounds.\" Max said in all seriousness. Kingpin and his guys all started laughing. \"Two rounds, son, he ain't gonna survive one.\" \"What if he does?\" I said. \"He ain't.\" \"Let's just say he does.\" Me and Max said at the same time. \"If he's still standing after one round... I'll give you a thousand bucks.\" Kingpin lowered to our level getting in Max's face. \" But if he dies in there, which he will, I get to keep what's left.\" \"Deal.\" Max shook Kingpin's hand. We walked into the zoo where lots of drunken people were cheering. There was a robot just as ugly as its owner with a hammer for one hand. \"You want me to drive?\" Charlie asked. \"He's my bot. I got this!\" Max said back adjusting Atom. \"This ain't a video game, kid. This is for real, right here.\" \"You said he's coming home in pieces. What difference does it make?\" I said. \"All right.\" Charlie gave in. \"I got this.\" Max said grabbing the remote. The bell rang and the fight was on. \"Don't watch Atom. Watch your opponent. Watch him.\" Charlie coached Max. So far it was just swings and misses from Metro. \" Watch out for that foot. He's looking to pin you.\" Charlie said just as Metro stepped on Atom's foot, pinning him. \"I told you to watch out for that foot plant.\" I give Charlie a 'you're not helping' look, he shrugs it off. While Atom is being punched in the head by Metro. Then hit the sledgehammer repeatedly. I couldn't help but flinch and look away, this is not good. \"Get him!\" Max yelled at Atom. \"Don't yell at him, control him.\" Charlie coached him. \"Slip right. Step back.\" Charlie said the moves necessary to not get hit by Metro. \"Duck. You're welcome.\" \"Shut up you're not helping.\" Max yelled back at Charlie. \"Actually I think I am.\" Charlie said smugly. Metro backhanded Atom and started punching him the stomach. Metro was so beating his ass. Now having Atom in a headlock. Metro used his hammer hand and sledged Atom right in the head sending him downwards. I looked at the clock half a minute! \"Half a minute!\" I said to Charlie. \"Half a minute! Keep moving. Just move!\" Charlie said to Max. Atom was still getting beat pretty badly but if he could last twenty more seconds..! But Atom was hit down harder this time. Max ran over to him yelling \"Get up Atom!\" Pressing buttons on the remote. While I was mumbling, \"Come on, come on.\" And there was Charlie who pretty much gave up. \"You know you're talking to a machine right?\"Charlie said to Max. With ten seconds left Atom got up. Me, Max and Charlie where the only ones cheering for Atom. Everyone else was booing. The bell sounded again. Atom survived one round! Woohoo! Kingpin came stomping over to us, clearly unhappy. And thus we were starting round two for double or nothing. The bell sounded again! Round two! Metro tried to pin Atom foot again but he backed away before he could. And the Atom the double punch Max was practicing with him earlier that morning and hit Metro so hard in the head that Metro went bezerk! And started hitting himself in the head with his hammer hand and went down to the ground. \"WOAH!\" Charlie exclaimed. \"YEAH!\" \"Start... Hey, hey! Start the count!\" Charlie yelled. \"One! Two! Three!\" Charlie started the everyone joined in, \"Four! Five! Six! Seven! Eight! Nine! Ten!\" \"You did it we did it! Charlie said high fiving us. \"Yeah! Yeah!\" Max was so happy and I don't want to admit but I was grinning like crazy.[Chapter 10] (Riley POV) That night we stopped at a motel. Two beds nothing fancy. Once the adrenaline from the day wore off , me and Max fell asleep in separate beds while watching TV... We were suppose to share. (Charlie POV) I just got off the phone with Bailey when I walk inside and see Max and Riley sleeping in separate beds. \"Oh come on you've got to be kidding me.\" I mumbled and sighed, walking over to wear Max was sleeping. I lightly poked him in the shoulder, \"Hey Kid, wake up.\" No answer. \"Hey Kid, wake up you're in the wrong bed.\" I poked him a little harder this time. He just mumbled and rolled over. \"Ugh. Come on!\" Well that didn't work. So I moved over to Riley's bed. This kid had every right to hate me, I can't deny that, nor what she said to me really from her point of view that it probably looks like I have commitment issues. Hell, I probably do... I just need to learn how to grow up first, I guess... Not that I'd admit this to anyone, ever! Looking at her peaceful sleeping form, I gently picked her up. (She was smaller, therefore lighter then Max.) As I did so she snuggled up closer to me, causing me to stiffen and continued to put her under the covers where her brother was. (Nobody's POV) ...::The Next Morning::... Max and Riley teaching Atom more moves to fight. Well Max was, Riley was just sitting on the picnic table watching. \"Jab, Jab, Hook,\" Max muttered while doing the movements and Atom shadow boxing him. \"I think you have to move your feet. Your feet. Feet\" Max said pointing at him feet while the robot just copied him. \"Come on take a break Max, you've been doing this all morning.\" Riley said passing him some Dr. Pepper. He took the drink sighed and looked at some papers with various moves on it. \"I just want him to be perfect.\" Max told Riley. \"And he is, \" Riley replied, \"now. Break time.\" With that she turned up the music, it was playing Give It A Go by Timbaland. Both Riley and Max started bopping their head to the music. When Max realised Atom was still copying him, he started moving his shoulders too, then his arms with a slight bounce. Atom was dancing. \"Let me try,\" Riley said switching spots with Max. \"Oh, now you want to teach him something.\" Max joked, Riley just giggled. Riley took where Max left off and walked towards Atom then away pointing at him. Atom followed Riley's steps. But when she did a one handed cart wheel, Atom just stood there. Max laughed, \"A little too advanced there sis.\" \"Maybe we should teach him gymnastics instead of boxing.\" Riley said going back over to the picnic table. \"Oh, I got a move I can show him.\" Max said standing up on the picnic table. He faced Atom and started doing the robot with Atom copying. Both Riley and Max laughing, it's been awhile since they had a real carefree day like today. They heard clapping and looked up to see it was Charlie. Riley quickly turned off the music while Max took Atom off the shadow box. \"Nice moves. How long you been out here?\" Charlie asked. \"Check it out.\" Max said not answering the question. \"What?\" \"I just spent the night doing something I think is amazing.\" \"It is amazing.\" Riley piped in. \"Incredibly amazing. If it works, you know? You know his remote was spotty?\" Max said going into the back of Charlie's truck. \"Yeah\" Charlie replied. \"Well, I killed it. Got rid of it. We don't need it anymore. I took the spin frame from Ambush and take the circuitry sleeve from Noisy Boy and it works. He knows nothing. But it works. It really, really works!\" Max said excitedly. \"What works?\" Charlie asked. \"What my brother is trying to say is you tell it was to do in the head set and Atom does it.\" Riley said smiling at her brother, he was a genius. \"You put Noisy Boys voice recognition into Atom.\" Charlie stated flabbergasted. \"That is pretty much what I just said.\" \"You're pretty smart kid.\" \"Smart? Smart? I could be genius. It could be the most incredible thing in the history of the entire world!\" Max exaggerated. \"Easy there chief, easy.\" Charlie said to Max while he was running back towards Atom with Riley in tow. \"Woah. Woah. Did you drink all theses sodas?\" \"I might have had a few... Riley had some too. What I need you to do is teach him to box.\" Max said quickly. \"Are you kidding me? He's nowhere near advanced enough to handle Noisy's voice command.\" \"No, duh. Why else would my brother ask you to teach him, he needs your moves.\" Riley butted in. \"Ah, forget it kid.\" Max tries to argue more points but Charlie doesn't budge. Riley turns to Max, \" Just stop he's never going to do it and you know it.\" She said walking away before any sort of compromise could be made.[Chapter 11] (Nobody's POV) After Riley left Max and Charlie made a deal that if Charlie danced with Atom before the boxing match (to add flare) Charlie would train the robot. \"Alright,\" Max said drinking some \"I'm going to tell Riley.\" Charlie just grinned to himself and said, \"It's going to be cool.\" ..:: In the apartment::.. Riley was inside trying to read a book but her mind kept wandering. She couldn't wait for this summer to be over and away from her father. Minutes later Riley through the book violently on the night stand giving up on trying to read it. \"Woah, what the book ever do to you? Give you a paper cut?\" Max said cheekily walking in the room. \"No,\" she replied with a small smile, \"What's got you so happy?\" \"Well.. Charlie agreed..\" Max started off slowly. Riley stared at Max dumbfounded not really believing him. \"On one condition.\" Of course there's a catch. Riley thought rolling her eyes. \"What is it?\" Riley asked. \"We have to dance.\" \"Umm. What?\" Riley said giving him a confused look. \"Well I have to dance, you have to do the choreography.\" Max said hopefully. \"Max, I don't dance. I do gymnastics. And besides Atom can't dance he's a robot.\" \"Same thing and that's why we teach just like Charlie will teach him to box.\" Max said in a 'duh' voice. \" All you have to do is teach him little stuff like this.\" He said doing the wave and putting his arm over Riley's shoulder. \"Oh, so when were you going to mention that we're also teaching Atom to hit on girls.\" Riley giggled. \"Oh, ha ha. You know what I mean sis.\" Max grinned at her. \"Yup, I do.\" She said poking Max's side. \"Now, get off me you smell.\" \"I smell do I?\" Max said devilishly, going to tickle Riley causing her to go into a fit of laughter. (Riley POV) ..:: The Next Morning::.. The sound of a door closing woke me up. I looked at the alarm clock it read six am. Who the heck gets up this early?! Sigh, well I won't be able to go back to sleep now. So I got up out of bed trying not to wake Max. I wonder where Charlie went.. He wasn't in the room. I looked out the window and saw him walking over to Atom. Wait why do I care? I don't... But it wouldn't to watch.. I mean it's six am what else am I going to do? I headed outside, the sun was just rising. I sat in the back of the truck watching Charlie train Atom. I didn't say anything, I wasn't in the mood to talk with him so I just sat and watched. If he noticed me or not, he didn't say anything. He taught Atom everything from jabs, to blocks, punches and whatever all that other stuff is called. ..::Time Jump::.. For the next week or so we had going to boxing matches. Everyone seemed to love Max and Atom's routine together. We had been winning every fight. There were even announcements on the radio. Everybody loved an underdog story. Charlie was teaching not only Atom how to box but Max as well. He offered to show me to but I declined and just watched. I was coming around slowly to not minding Charlie again so much, but still tried to be weary. Atom was so good someone high-end guy invited us to fight in the WRB in Detroit. So pretty much the big leagues. Max was so psyched about it. ..:: Detroit: WRB::.. \"It's the undercard, but it's still a league fight.\" Charlie said while Max was doing some repairs on Atom while I passed him tools. \"I just want you to be relaxed, I want you to be relaxed. OK, Max. You too Riley, just be relaxed. No freaking out on me.\" Max and I looked at each other thinking, think he's the one who needs to relax. \"Don't get freaky-deaky on me. You go freaky-deaky, this whole thing could go south.\" Charlie kept going on. \"Whatever you do have fun, have fun. You got to have fun, you understand me?\" Me and Max looked at Charlie holding back giggles. I wish I had a camera, I've never seen him so nervous! \"We've come too far to get out there and freak out and blow this whole thing. We're gonna have fun, and we gonna have... we're gonna not freak out! We're gonna stay loose, and we're just gonna bam him.\" I couldn't hold it any longer I started laughing but he didn't even notice and kept giving himself a pep talk. \"I tell ya, man, I've spent my whole life waiting to be here. We're going to... Because I tell ya what.\" Charlie turned to face us now. \"Trust me when I say no freaking out. You got it?\" \"Charlie?\" I said cautiously. \"What?\" \"You're freaking out.\" Just then a bawled man with a strange accent came in inviting us Lemkova's suit AKA Zeus's suit. Charlie tried to play it of cool saying 'yeah' like it was no big deal. AN: Okay so I know I suck at updating and everything yeah yeah but here's what I got right now. And huge thanks to everyone who has reviews, followed or favorited it truelly does mean lots even if I dont update all that fast...[Chapter 12] Im horrible I know I suck at updating all that stuff but here's some more of the story,enjoy: (Riley's POV) ...:: Zeus's Suit::... When we got to the room the a very pretty lady in a white dress introduced herself but I missed her name. I was trying really hard not to show how impressed I was by the enormous suite , unlike Max and Charlie who both had complete looks of awe on both their faces. It's going to take a little more than a fancy room, besides why would they invite us here? It's not like we're friends or anything. The lady didn't waist anytime and got right down to the point of why we were here while Charlie kept pretty much sucking up to her and asking for autographs and what not. It was kind of funny cause she just kept shooting him down. \"I'd like to buy your robot.\" She said looking Charlie straight in the eyes. All three of us sat up straighter looking at her. Is she serious? She can't be, there's no way Charlie will let her. Max and I sure as hell won't! \"He'd be a useful sparring bot for Zeus.\" She continued seriously. \"And for that I'm willing to pay 200 000 dollars.\" \"Done.\" Charlie said no questions asked. \"He's not for sale.\" Max and I said at the same time. \"What? No, of course he is.\" Charlie said over us. I can't believe him! He really is just all about money and nothing else. Atom's pretty much part of the family, you don't sell out family... Oh wait, you do if your Charlie Kenton because it's not like he hasn't done that before... She said she'd hold the offer until our fight but Max made it clear that he wasn't for sale. Not now. Not ever. And with that we left with Charlie trying to catch up. ..:: (In the hallway)::.. \"Max. Max! Riley. Be smart. I know you love him.\" Charlie tried to reason. \"But in 20 minutes there might not be anything left to love. Think about it take the offer.\" We stopped and I crossed my arms. \"You think about it. Why does she want Atom?\" Max retorted. \"Huh? Because he's different from the other bots.\" \"Yeah, he's different. He's weaker and smaller and he's gonna get his ass kicked.\" \"He's a boxer. We taught him to box. You taught him to box! That's worth something. \"I think it is too. I think it's worth 2 hundred grand. Two hundred grand.\" Charlie emphasised. \"Is that all you think about is money? Do you have to no regards to others?\" I finally spoke up trying to keep my voice steady. You could see his face fall a little bit with guilt and hurt but he kept a fairly straight face. \"Charlie, we can go round and round at this all night long,\" Max started and gave my hand a squeeze in comfort. \"Look at me, look at me Charlie. But it's not gonna happen. I got a fight to get to.\" I walked away with Max not even looking back at Charlie. Honestly, I just don't care about him anymore. Once I knew we were far enough away from Charlie I stopped and grabbed Max by the arm. He turned to me and with one look into my sad eyes he gave me a hug. \"I just want to go home. I want life to be back to the way it was before.\" I mumbled into his chest. \"I know, just think we'll win this fight and run away with the money, okay?\" Max said. \"Nice try,\" I said letting go from the hug, \"don't lie though brother. You and I both know that's not going to happen.\" \"Can't blame me for try though.\" \"No, I suppose I can't.\" \"Promise me something.\" He said seriously. \"Try and loosen up a bit? Hell, we can even do anything you want to do after this!\" I sighed deeply. Don't give in Riley! \"Charlie's paying,\" Max coxed. \"Fiiiine,\" I gave in. \"But we're doing what I want no matter what it is.\" I said with an evil smile. Pay back for hurting my feelings will be good. A revenge sweet sweet revenge.[Chapter 13] I'm a bad updater,I know. Don't hate me. Here's the next chapter. ..::(The Arena)::.. Atom was up against the Twin Cities, a giant red robot with two heads. Both robots had been introduced and the crowd literally went wild! Especially when Max started to do the little dance I taught him. It was our fazaze. This boxing ring was probably one of the biggest me and Max had ever seen. It was a good foot taller than us. How're we supposed to see? Once the introductions were done , Max changed Atom to fight mode. Then Charlie gave us the low down. \" Alright, now this bot is tough to put down. \" \"Atom can do it.\" Max said with confidence. I nudged him however, giving him a look to hear Charlie out. Not that I want his help. But for Max's sach we should hear him out. \"Max, look over there. See those geeks with joysticks and consoles?\" Charlie continued in all seriousness. \"They're controlling everything their bot does. They're monitoring his systems, seeing what he sees, stadium feeds of the fight, everything. This is not like the underground handheld robots we're fighting. This is the League. Stand on that.\" Charlie pointed to a metal foot stool for me and Max to stand on. Good, not that I was worried about not being able to watch the fight or anything. I wouldn't admit this out loud but after like half a summer of being around robot fighting you start to get into it. \"So what do we do?\" Max asked Charlie a little concerned. \"We fight smart, we be patient. And pray. Seriously pray.\" Max bowed his head down for half a second, sending a silent prayer. I looked at Max, \"You're going to need more than a prayer to win this fight.\" We're going to need a crazy miracle. With a deep breath from the three of us the fight began. ..::Nobody's Point of View::.. Both robots headed straight for each other wasting absolutely no time. Atom went for the first hit easily dodged by the Twin Cities. For the first bit it was senseless fighting, no one landing any big hits. Until the Twin Cities started hitting Atom in to the corner. ..:: Riley's POV::.. I heard Charlie yell, \"Damn it\" under his breath. \"Damn it? What do you mean damn it?\" I asked wide eyed as I saw Atom get stuck in the corner. \"What's going on in there Charlie?\" Max asked equally concerned. \"Too many hits. He's taking too many hits.\" No kidding... Oh jeez, this was hard to watch. Atom need to get his hands back up at the least. \"Get out of that corner! Move!\" Charlie yelled into the headset. I looked at Max and he gave me a look of we're screwed. We are so screwed. \"Come on Charlie. He's getting killed in there. Tell him what to do.\" Max told Charlie desperate for something good to happen. \"The guys got two heads and about a foot of reach on us and no blind spot.\" Charlie said look Max in the eye. I didn't want to keep watching but I did and then I noticed something. Without even thinking this through, I took the headset right off Charlie's head and put it on my own. Okay Riley, you've seen the boys do this hundreds of times. They looked at me in bewilderment as I instructed Atom, \" Duck! Spin left! Roadhouse. One. Two.\" Atom ducked out of the corner spinning and now hitting the Twin Cities who were trapped in the corner. Charlie realised what the other bots weakness was that I had earlier. His right shoulder was a little glitchy. Instead of getting mad at me for stealing his headset, he instructed me to instruct Atom. \"Back step, back step, lean right.\" Charlie said to me and I repeated it to Atom. \"Left to the body! Right to the body!\" \"Yeah, it's working!\" I heard Max cheer in the background. \"Stay downstairs. Left, right, left.\" \"Right uppercut, left uppercut!\" \"Duck left, counter right.\" \"Alright, here comes the Charlie special.\" I yelled over to the both of them. \"Three punch combo to the body! Out. In . Counter.\" Atom was just hitting as fast as he could over powering the bigger bot. \"Two-one-two.\" The more this continued the more the bigger bot struggled. Then finishing with a right uppercut to the chin. The Twin Cities was down ! I knew watching Charlie box every morning would come in handy some time! I cheered with the crowds , my brother and Charlie. Giving them both a huge hug forgetting for the moment she was mad at Charlie. Short chapter, had some difficulty with this one. Riley had a little less attitude but don't worry it will come back. But that fight seen is done let us move on. Like review and all that good jazz. ","Summary":" Disclaimer I do not own Real Steel or anything related to it, it all belongs to whomever created it"},{"Movie":"Brave Little Toaster","Title":"Single Radios Near You","Author":"Blue Raspberry Ametrine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12454601","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I do not own Brave Little Toaster, or any other mentioned and/or parodied properties. The only things I own are the OCs and the story itself. Also, this story takes place in a Modern Day - AU, except the Appliance Characters themselves have not changed. They are modeled after 20th-century tech. The young Master enjoyed collecting antiques, and these were cheaper than the real deal. Feel free to dub, draw fan art for, or otherwise build upon this fanfiction! Please give me proper credit and a link to your creation in a review. This takes place before the epic journey they went on. Chapter One: The Spirit of Radio Radio, for all his blatant lies and never-ending jabs was still a useful friend to have. He never ran out of stories to tell or songs to play. He was always buzzing around with energy, filling the whole cabin with smiles. He was also rather clever, often finding cheats in the system, making everyone's lives much easier. Whenever anyone needed a new battery, Radio knew the right strings to pull to have a pack arrive on the front porch within three to five business days. None of the others knew how he managed it, and were too afraid to ask. To Toaster, it seemed as though he was part of some radio gang, the kind of which were often reported on the Appliance-Only broadcast stations. So, when he went quiet for a few days, even AC was concerned. Kirby didn't mind too much. In fact, he was rather happy for some peace and quiet. Blankey and Lampy claimed he was on the computer, but was never leaving it. He only left to sleep and give the morning broadcast, before heading back to the desk chair. Toaster assumed he was binging on Vaporwave or ASMR again. Ever since Radio had won them a free early 2000s computer on a rigged eBay auction, he often spent hours listening to the stuff. Vaporwave was one of the few genres he did not receive. To the rest of them it sounded like elevator music, but Toaster assumed Radios could hear something special in it. Being musically-inclined was a part of their kind's nature. The others would never appreciate all the fine variety of grain and the SACRED DEGREES OF TOASTINESS he could sense as easy as cherry pie. They all had little 'quirks' like that, which none of the others could understand. Toaster wished for someone else who could relate, even if it meant stiffer competition in the baking department. Blankets are perceptive of emotion and could comfort a Master through about anything. Vacuums can find even the smallest pieces of lint and dust lying around. Lamps have incredible eyesight even in the dark night. Radios, as mentioned before, understand music like the next Mozart. They know just what to play, the emotion it carried, how it would affect the Master. All of this was great, but when Toaster just wanted to talk about bread, nobody shared his sentiment. Radios were also notorious for being nothing but little chatterboxes. A quiet Radio was something worth being concerned about. Toaster hopped up from the cold wood of the ground floor to the stairs, draped in fine red carpet. The contrast always made him pause for a moment, and today was no exception. The hardwood and tile he walked on was always chilled. Only in the heat of summer when not even AC could keep the house at a comfortable temperature was it warm. No human feet had broken up the hard surface in years. Meanwhile, on the carpet that covered the floor upstairs, he couldn't tell quite as much. Sure, there were no human footmarks, always left like a drawing in wet sand, but it never got as cold. It was also much softer than the tile. Toaster wished all the floors in the house were carpeted. It would make tripping over his cord much easier. Then again, Kirby hated cleaning the crumbs from in between the fibers, and the carpet also got dirty quite often. Maybe the wooden floors had their purpose as well. Anything to keep Kirby's grumbling down. As much as Kirby hated the ruckus made by the others, they could all say the exact same things for him. Toaster pondered this for a second, before continuing his journey up the stairs. It was not an easy task for him, each step being almost his height, and his cord often getting in the way. Most of the time, he never went upstairs, leaving it to the lighter appliances, only going up in emergencies, or to calm Blankey's bad dreams. He hopped up each step, looking back every few steps to make sure his cord was not poised to make him trip. In only a minute, he had made it up the stairs, a smile on his face. Even without the weight of a human body, or the backpack full of homework Master often carried, he never enjoyed the stairs. The crimson carpet almost made the trip worth it. Almost. Toaster sprinted through the hallway, pushing the heavy door open with a grunt. \"Radio?\" Lampy and Blankey were both reading on the Master's bed, which was big enough for multiple appliances, even if it could only fit one human. The humans really are big, Toaster thought for a moment, before pushing it aside. Blankey looked up from the latest issue of It's Hard to be Soft with a welcoming grin. \"Toaster! It's so good to see you up here!\" \"-Yeah, yeah,\" he sighed. \"Where's Radio?\" \"He's on the computer, where do you think?\" Lampy shrugged. With this, Toaster entered the room and turned to see Radio facing the screen. All six of them were thankful that the computer was not alive, as it had no workable legs and needed to be plugged in at all times. Like AC, he or she would be trapped up in one room, only getting attention when the others needed something. Kirby said he'd never be able take another whining idiot as well. Most appliances were not actually alive, with smaller ones 'awakening' more often than bulky old computers. Toaster believed the general rule for an appliance gaining sentience. The smaller it is, and the closer it is to their Master, the more chance it has of coming alive. They considered AC being sentient a miracle. Not a miracle any of them were thankful for. Radio sat on a pile of old dusty coloring books to compensate for the low, human-sized chair. The Master's Superman-themed headphones he had left in his desk last time they saw him were covering his speakers. His antenna was wagging like a puppy's tail. \"Hey, Radio, is everything alright?\" Toaster asked, taking a couple steps towards the chair. \"Why haven't you been downstairs in a while?\" Radio did not respond. He adjusted the mouse and clicked. The mouse was half his size, but he managed to move it with relative ease. Toaster's eyes and pitch lowered. \"Please, we are all worried about you.\" By now, he was tapping his front left foot in annoyance. \"Radio!\" He raised his voice to a level he knew those busted headphones could not mask. Finally, the little red brick turned around. \"Oh, good morning, Slots!\" His voice rung with its usual enthusiasm, as if he was an actual radio announcer and not just the method of transmission. \"I sure do hope you slept well!\" Lampy blinked. \"It's already noon.\" \"Really? My apologizes, I guess my alarm needs to be reset. Sorry pals.\" Radio hopped down from the pile of books, causing them to pile onto Toaster. He tried to dodge, but tripping over his cord sent him straight into the pile. Most days, he would be annoyed, but now, Toaster could not help but smile. The books smelt of old paper and crayon, something he had not smelt since the Master moved away. Toaster relished a memory of the Master scribbling on the a blank paper. He used the new Crayola's he had gotten Trick-or-Treating from the dentist's widow. She could never bring herself to give a child candy. They hung the drawing (a rather abstract depiction of Toaster himself) up for a good few months. It certainly made the refrigerator a joy to look at. \"Sorry about that,\" Radio laughed, nudging the books off of Toaster. \"I am simply thrilled for a new broadcast that I've been waiting to announce!\" \"What is it?\" Blankey asked, sliding to the foot of the bed to take a closer look. \"Is the Master coming back?\" Lampy laughed. \"Don't let AC hear it, then. Or Kirby, for that matter.\" The radio shook his antenna. \"Sadly, no, but I assure you, it is still good news! I have gotten a girlfriend! We've been talking online for a few days now, and she is the sweetest thing!\" With this, he stood up taller than before. If Radio had a face, his cheeks would have been blushing by now. He was bobbing up and down on his seat. \"Her name is Didi, and she's been telling me the most interesting and daring stories on Appliance-Chat. Tales of how she and her best friend wandered through the woods to an old mansion and live there now! She is quite the brave lass!\" \"Umm… wonderful!\" Toaster gave the widest smile he could. He did not believe this 'Didi' counted as a girlfriend. From what the older Masters had said, dating was serious business, and should not be taken so lightly. Dating someone only known through internet chat rooms? Stupid. Still, he was happy for Radio, and did not want to take away his bright moment. Especially if it meant having someone new to talk about. \"I know, I know!\" By now, he was almost dancing. \"And we are going on a date tonight!\" Blankey turned his head in confusion. \"Date? Like the candy?\" \"No, like a date, for dinner and a movie!\" With a single bounce, he landed on the comforter. \"You know, like in all those classics the Master's parents would always watch while we were sleeping. A man and a woman meet up, and hope nothing will go wrong.\" He let out a small chuckle. \"Of course, there is no need for trepidation! A little adventure would not be a problem for a swordfighter and veteran like myself. I guess it would be a chance to woo the little lady.\" \"Come on!\" Toaster rolled his eyes. \"We all know you've never been to war, or even a real duel! Why should we believe this date story either?\" \"Are you going on a date with a human? How's that going to work out?\" Lampy put his book down, now invested in the conversation. Blankey smiled. \"I hope it works out.\" \"Thank you for being so supportive, old friend,\" Radio said, patting Blankey with his antenna. \"Her name is Didi, and she's a radio like me! We've been talking for a few days, and she said we should meet up at the small movie theater on King Street.\" Toaster felt a chill go through him. \"But why would you go outside, especially for something as dumb as a date with some girl you met on the internet?\" \"Yeah! What if the Master comes home while you're gone?\" Lampy stared off into space, tapping on the comforter with his plug. \"How would anyone explain that?\" Blankey shuffled. \"What if they take you apart?\" \"Not me.\" He strut towards Toaster. \"And if they did, they'd be in violation of the pardon I got from Roosevelt a few years back.\" \"That's not how pardons work,\" Lampy responded, although no one was listening to him. Toaster pushed Radio away from him with a scowl. \"Look, as crazy as you are, this is ridiculous. How are you going to buy tickets? Or eat dinner?\" Radio scratched at his alarm button for a moment. \"As dense as you are, you have some valid points there. I guess Didi has some clue, as bright a lady as she is. She said her friend had made dinner reservations for us.\" The red radio slouched, thoughts of doubt running through his head for the first time in years. Toaster looked down in shame having to see one of his only friends so hurt. \"Look, I'm sorry, but… this can't be safe. How do you know she's even a radio in the first place?\" He paused, if only for a second. It was a challenge to read what he was thinking without a face, but Toaster had a pretty good idea. \"I might as well see. It is not like our lives could get any worse, right?\" \"Just do not say we didn't warn you.\" Toaster shook his head. Lampy blinked in response. \"How are you going to get there in the first place? It's not like Kirby would tow you around on a chair or something.\" \"Yeah, that would look ridiculous!\" Blankey giggled, with Lampy in unison. His antenna sunk to the ground. \"That is going to be a bit harder.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Is There Anyone Left? AC watched on as the other appliances were going about his day. Most days, they were at least considerate enough to say hello as they passed by. Some small talk if he was lucky. They always held Game Night in the room the human family had left him in. The same with Movie Nights before the human family took TV away. Outside of these weekly nighttime rouses, the others never paid him any mind. Why should they? He thought, no different from the hundreds of other times. That dumb kid they look up to never did. He felt the fan inside him whirl for a moment as he groaned. He heard noise and ruckus coming from above, in the kid's bedroom, nothing too unusual. Even if Toaster was partaking in it. As soon as AC began to notice the commotion, Kirby's vacuuming masked it as he approached. \"Hey, would you mind shutting that off for a moment?\" he sneered. \"I'm trying to hear what those low-watts are talking about.\" Kirby stopped in his tracks, the noise following suit. He left only a trail of upturned carpet behind him. \"What?\" \"I said, the smaller idiots are having a little chit-chat in the kid's old bedroom. I want to know what all the fuss is about.\" He tried his best to smile, but he was certain it looked more like a smirk than anything. \"Why don't you go and… join them, and report back to me?\" Kirby rolled his eyes. \"You think I'm doing you any favors? Last time you asked me to spy on them, I ended up with Blankey caught in my bag!\" \"You got him out, didn't you?\" He blinked, with cold eyes against sore lids. \"Ever heard of 'once bitten, twice shy?' Look Kirby, you aren't as dimwitted as the rest of them. You shouldn't be such a scaredy-vac.\" His brow ruffled in response. \"Scared? I am certainly not scared of a jerk like you. You are all talk and no walk.\" With this, AC let out a small cough. Once again, we return to that. Of course. Still, he could not help but admire Kirby's persistence. The vacuum was the only one of them with even a lick of common sense. \"It's too bad, really. I think I heard them mention a certain green sucker.\" \"Hold up right there.\" Kirby growled, rolling back. \"I'll go talk to them just to shut you up!\" Kirby began the difficult task of reaching the upper story. AC felt a tinge of guilt for asking Kirby to do so, but… at least he can move. Desperate times call for desperate measures, as Radio often said. Kirby could not actually climb the stairs. Instead, he tied his cord on the banister and rose up like a grappling hook. AC would never admit how inventive this was. At first, he fell every time he tried, but the years of practice had made the maneuver swift and elegant. As Kirby went to check in on the smaller idiots, AC was alone once again. Nothing new to him. He stared at the teal walls and how they clashed with the red carpet and curtain that mantled him. He pondered how only a few years ago, the humans filled this room to the brim, yet now he was the only one in it. The one room he had been staring at ever since the older Master's took him out of the box. He knew it inside and out. He got to know every dust bunny before Kirby ripped it away. He adjusted his temperature a small bit, to make sure it was comfortable when Kirby returned. While AC loved it as cold as possible, the others pleaded for a bit of warmth most of the time. Guess I'll humor them today. Some days, AC wondered why he even tried at all. He couldn't do anything except talk and make the room colder. Not even the whole house! Appliances did not need the house cooled for the vast majority of the year; that was always humans. Humans who were not there any more. They never appreciated him, neither did the other appliances. And those invalids wonder why I'm so cranky all the time. A soft breeze blew past the part of him sticking outside, scraping past his metal casing. Spring was beginning to shed its last petals before maturing into another summer, and maybe this time he would have better luck. He was only left with his thoughts for a few moments, as Kirby soon returned, all the others in tow. Radio rode on his head, looking as smug and triumphant as ever. Kirby had the most confused expression on his face. At least judging by what AC could see at the moment. \"So, what's been going on with you, Mr. Big Shot?\" AC called up to them, trying hard to push the previous thoughts out of his mind like cold air through a clean filter. Radio slid down the banister in his typical fashion. He landed right in front of the much larger chrome AC. Despite his confidence, he was still a tiny toy in comparison. \"Oh, you will not believe this, old friend!\" \"Friend?\" He knew Radio meant that to be sarcastic. How could he not? \"Just get on with it, alright?\" \"I have gotten a date!\" Hopping up and down, his antenna quivered. As strange as it looked, AC was thankful for the antenna. It helped with reading the pestering little thing's emotions. It also kept him from dominating their poker games. \"You got a date?\" His brow raised. \"The 'lucky' lady must have set her standards low.\" \"I don't know what you mean.\" Radio was as blunt as he was. His stupidity somehow made him the toughest to pester. \"I will make the perfect date! I will wow her with my war stories and callings of my adventures. My times with Roosevelt! My escapades on the mountains! My times…\" He couldn't help but tune out as the rambunctious radio danced around the room. He mimed out his blatant lies with an enthusiasm AC had never been able to experience. \"Yeah, well how are you going to get to her anyway?\" AC came back to reality through Kirby's thunderous voice. \"Its not like I'm going to drive you there.\" \"Again, that is a bit of an issue.\" Radio's bouncing stopped, as he let his antenna sink to the chilly ground. \"Still, nothing is a match for true love, I've heard!\" \"You're always talking about the secret Appliance Alliance.\" Lampy hopped over to his lovestruck roommate, wrapping his golden cord around him. Kind of like one of those human hugs that never seemed worthwhile. \"Maybe you could call a taxi with some password or something?\" Radio nodded. \"Yes, yes, that would work, I guess… no, I bet there is a password, but I don't have it. I doubt there is adequate time to find it online either. We need to meet up in two hours.\" \"Wait, two hours?\" Kirby's eyes grew wide. \"How are you going to get ready in time!\" He began to pace. \"You know, I hadn't really thought of that.\" \"Good luck.\" AC sneered. \"What are you two even going to do once you hook up? Hold cords and slow dance?\" \"It's a possibility,\" Lampy frowned. \"If you're not going to be supportive, that's fine, but let me help my friend.\" \"Friend? You two wake up the whole cabin with your static every day,\" he said with a booming laugh. Kirby rolled his eyes. \"You two do argue even more than the cold-hearted idiot himself.\" For a moment, AC was quiet. He was cold hearted; Kirby was right. He did not try to be, but someone needed to set the low-watts straight. The only one of them with a good circuit board should realize that. He wanted to start yelling. Instead, he simply blinked and smiled. \"Really the pot calling the kettle black there, huh Kirby? I say you suck, big time.\" \"Guys, let's not turn this into a shouting match!\" Said Toaster, not hesitating to shout the loudest himself. Blankey coiled back into his own fabric, while Kirby looked down in shame. \"I think we should try and help our friend.\" \"Yeah. If he's going to do something this stupid, he might as well have a fighting chance.\" Kirby nodded. \"Come on! Everything this guy says is a blatant lie!\" AC tried not to cringe after seeing Radio's antenna twitch like a scolded animal. \"Besides, this 'date' is never going to work.\" There was quiet in the room for a moment. A chilling moment, filled only with the air AC was constantly filtering through. Finally, Kirby decided to speak. \"I think it will.\" All the smaller appliances turned to face him. \"Kirby, you believe me?\" Radio's voice was the quietest anyone had ever heard it. \"Sure.\" He steered away from the group. At first, AC thought he was leaving the argument. Giving up to spare their feelings that were already so sensitive considering how good they had everything. After a few seconds, it became apparent he was only rummaging through the closet. \"But it will only work if you do it right. \" In the corner of AC's vision, he could see the kid's dusty blue coats being thrown out. Accompanying them were the dinosaur rain boots that were permanently stained with mud. \"What are you doing in there?\" \"Trying to find some accessories!\" Some sort of fabric in his mouth muffled his voice. AC rolled his eyes, deciding to wait and see what would come of this. \"Radio, is there anything we can do?\" Blankey mumbled. \"I really hope your date goes well. I'd love to have someone new around.\" His eyes grew wide, a smile forming. \"Maybe she'd want to cuddle!\" He snickered. \"I sure do hope so. Thanks for your support, old pal.\" He gave the blanket a quick nuzzle. Blankey smiled, cherishing the moment, like a smug little prick. Blankey was the one AC disliked the most. It was nothing the little fuzzball did in particular. His whining was not any worse than Lampy's, and he never even bickered like Radio or Kirby. Just something about him made AC's temperature lower. He assumed it was their nature, something that ruled appliances more than they would care to admit. He was meant to cool, while Blankey was meant to warm. If one was ever needed, chances are no one would want the other. Typically, the kid chose Blankey. And typically, AC would not hesitate from giving the cold shoulder. \"Please, you actually trust him? And even if he is telling the truth, he couldn't win the girl over if he was the last radio on Earth!\" \"Well of course not.\" Lampy shrugged. \"She wouldn't be there.\" He groaned. \"So there's going to be two of them running around?\" \"You said you didn't believe him.\" Toaster said, crossing his handles. \"Why are you so involved in this anyway?\" \"I just don't want anyone getting their cord in a knot over this romance.\" He sighed. \" Humans go on dates. Humans fall in love just to be heartbroken later. I'd like to think we're better than the meat sacks who created us just to watch us suffer.\" \"Hey, we won't know until we try,\" said Lampy. Blankey's corners shuffled. \"Maybe love really is as good as the older master's claimed.\" \"I think we should at least see what happens.\" Toaster nodded. \"Well then, I guess we're all going to help!\" Lampy grinned, before turning up to face AC with a scowl. \" Almost all of us, at least.\" \"I bet that it will blow up in Radio's face.\" AC smirked. \"If he had a face at all.\" \"I'll take that bet.\" Kirby rejoined the group, holding a bowtie in his mouth. \"This was the only thing I could find that would fit you.\" The tie was the color of dandelions, which the kid would often pick for his mother during the spring. She always left them in a tall glass by the windowsill along with the sunflowers and roses from the garden. The nice smell was one of the few things he missed from the humans, and one of the few human habits that did not disgust him. \"That's the finest tie I've ever seen, Kirby! Why thank you!\" With one swoop of his antenna, Radio grabbed it and clipped it to his grill, like a human around his collar. \"How do I look?\" Lampy gasped. \"You look like a thousand shining stars!\" \"I wouldn't say that,\" Kirby groaned, but with a small smile. \"But… maybe a couple stars.\" Then, Kirby wheeled over to AC, looking him in the eye. \"So, what are you pitching for the bet?\" AC leaned back for a moment. He did not expect any of the little timid appliances to accept it. \"If Radio's date goes well, I'll stop cooling the room for a whole week.\" \"Finally!\" Lampy and Radio shared a cord/antenna bump. \"And if it doesn't, you all have to stop with you functions.\" Just the thought of a week without Radio waking them up at six made him smile wide. Kirby was still. Without a response, AC continued. \"What, would all the dust bunnies get to you?\" \"No! Of course not!\" Kirby growled. \"I could last longer than you anytime!\" \"So, is it a deal, big guy?\" \"On one condition. You leave the others out of this.\" His brow lowered. \"This is between you, Radio, and I.\" AC did not hesitate. \"Fine, fine. As long as I get some peace and quiet for once.\" \"It's a deal, then.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Video Killed the Radio Star Radio felt the tube inside of him flickering to life as Kirby raced down the sidewalk. He was outside for the first time in at least a year, and not to stand around playing during the older masters' garden parties. The fresh air felt wonderful running through his grill. \"Okay! One more block left, and we should be on King Street!\" He yelled to Kirby. \"Good, cause I ain't doing this much longer.\" Kirby stopped without slowing down, sending Radio flying out of the bike basket he had been sitting in, and across the sidewalk. \"Wow, that's gonna leave a scuff or two,\" he groaned, pain shooting through his antenna and body. \"Be a bit more gentle next time, alright?\" Having landed face-down, he could not see what was going on, other than a couple displaced pebbles. He made an attempt to push himself up with his antenna, but feel back down again. Unlike the others, he never learned how to use his cord as an appendage. The antenna was the only thing he had, and it was not the strongest. His small stubs were too short to reach the ground. \"A little help here?\" \"Oh, sorry.\" Kirby rushed to Radio's side with the familiar rumble. As he felt the vacuum's cord poised to pull him up, a third voice joined the conversation. \"Um… are you alright? Do you… do you need help?\" The voice was a female's with the familiar tinny quality Radio knew from listening to himself. It was unmistakably another radio. \"No, I've got this.\" Finally, Kirby got around to pulling Radio back on his feet, but not before the butterflies started up within his plastic walls. He faced the lady, only making them tickle more. She was the same size of Radio, (maybe a smidge taller, though he would never admit to it,) but she was rectangular with dull silver-colored casing. Her speakers were two squares, taking up the majority of her front panel. Her two dials were placed on her right side. She held her antenna with perfect posture at its full height. The base of it held a simple pink hairbow. Like Radio, she lacked a mouth. No radios actually had mouths, as with their speakers, that would be rather redundant. Speaking with a moving mouth looked so complicated, even if the thought of being able to talk without the air of static in every word did seem worth it at times. One thing she did have, that he did not, was eyes. Her eyes were her speakers, with small dots dancing across them, similar to Blankey. His complete lack of a face at all was somewhat unusual. Back before the Master's parents had bought him, the others in the Radioshack teased him for it. Their insults and taunts still haunted his dreams. The others always assumed it was a radio thing, and never gave him any trouble. But Didi? She would know. She must think I'm a freak! The butterflies turned to storms, his whole body frozen, and... ...the girl giggled, holding out her antenna for a shake. \"I'm Didi. Radio, I presume?\" \"Why um… yes! It is certainly a pleasure to meet you, miss!\" For the first time in his life, he had to choke out the words. They did not flow from his speaker like usual. \"Sorry for that 'unconventional' entrance.\" \"No, please, I should be apologizing.\" She sighed. \"I should have gotten you a taxi or something… that would be the polite thing to do. I'm so new to this 'dating' thing, and-\" \"Radio here is too.\" Kirby rolled his eyes. \"You have nothing to worry about, miss.\" \"Didi is fine,\" she nodded, eyes curled in what might be a smile. \"You're Kirby, right? Radio told me all about you! Is it true you once tried to vacuum kitty litter and threw it all up five minutes later? Did you really spit up that dust in AC's face making the whole house smell like cotton balls for a week? Did you-\" Kirby blushed. \"Jeez Radio, can't you keep anything private?\" The two radios proceeded to laugh. \"Ah, come on pal, there's nothing wrong with telling a few stories!\" He responded, patting Kirby on the head, even though it did nothing to calm him. \"Oh boy, if I ever see you again, I'll have to tell you about Muse! You'd love him, Kirby,\" her antenna began to quiver. \"He's always complaining and grumbling, but he has the best stories and says the funniest things… he's my best friend. He wanted to be a third wheel for the date, but his model doesn't have any legs, so he's kind of stuck on the TV stand.\" \"A TV, huh? But didn't video kill the radio star?\" Radio chuckled as he recalled playful bickering between him and TV, years ago. Their friendship was very much like his relationship with Lampy, despite the mutual disrespect radios and TVs usually held for each other. She sighed. \"He's not that bad. We're all trapped in the mansion together, so it doesn't matter who gets the most of… the master's attention… oh, you meant that as a joke. I'm sorry.\" Radio shook his head. \"No, pardon me. I just… how about we get on with the date?\" \"That sounds like a wonderful idea.\" For a second, it looked like she had blushed through all the machinery and plastic. Kirby smiled. \"Well then, I'll wait for you two out here, then drive to lunch.\" Radio asked. \"When we need to get back, I'm certain I can send out a broadcast to you over the computer. It'll be an easy task for someone as smart as me! You can go home if you want. Catch up on My Little Pony. I'll tip you on the return.\" \"You sure? I don't want to trouble you like that,\" he said, trying to ignore the last comments. \"To be honest, I'm kind of enjoying the fresh air.\" \"Me too,\" Didi replied. \"I don't get out much. My master is home almost 24/7. We never get a chance to do anything fun. You must be so lucky not having a human around. You can do whatever you want! I'd give so much for that freedom.\" Radio nodded, behind a small hint of disgust slowing the butterflies. \"Yeah, we get a lot more done without him, but it gets awfully lonely. I miss the little rascal running around and dancing to his parent's oldie tunes.\" All three of them were quiet. Radio could tell by Kirby's squirming he had something to add to the discussion, but thankfully he held his tongue. Thank you, old chap. Didi hopped up, taking Radio's antenna in hers. \"Let's get going, alright?\" Cheer filled her voice. \"We mustn't wait much longer!\" Radio tried to pull away for a moment. He had already forgotten earlier comment; he simply hated when others touched him, outside of antenna-fives and pats on the back. He would love to cuddle with Blankey, having warmth and softness as opposed to sleeping alone on the bedstand, but the thought of sustained contact put him on edge, like static during a storm. He didn't want to offend his date, however, so he forced himself to keep moving as the two bounced forward. Kirby gave a quick wave of his cord, before driving off, asphalt dust left in his trail. It took both of their strength to push the oak door open. Radio's stubs were sore after pushing on it so hard, but he was relieved to have an excuse to let go of the bright lass' antenna. \"I used to work here. Everyone's on break right now, so we should be fine. We'll have time to choose a movie and everything. Still, I'd turn our volume down a smidge, just in case.\" He chuckled as he turned his knob. \"I know that's a lie, unless you were the mascot here or something.\" Didi paused. \"Oh, yeah! It was… it was really my first human working here. I just came along for the ride before she gave me to my current master. She kept me in the break room next to the water cooler.\" She began to laugh as well. \"She had the worst taste in music.\" Radio hoped his smile was showing. Her silvery soprano voice reminded him of wind chimes, and a hopeful young musician who got interviewed years ago while he was listening. He could not remember her name of after so long. Like many trivial memories, song lyrics and chords replaced it. \"You alright?\" The same voice that got him thinking brought him back to reality. He nodded. \"Yes, of course.\" \"Wonderful!\" Didi bounced, something he noticed to be a habit for her. \"So, for the movie, I think I know one you'll like… unless you have something in mind already.\" \"To be honest, I don't really care.\" He took a gander at the empty room. The carpet and walls were a dark shade of violet, the fluorescent lights enough to see your own antenna in front of your face, but not much more. Didi waved to the cash register, which gave a small nod in response. Standing high above them was a popcorn machine, which did not appear to be sentient, but filled the room with its buttery aroma nonetheless. The entrance they were in led to five separate screens. \"You think any of them are alive?\" He pointed to one. \"They must be giants!\" \"Eh, never really thought of it. I sure hope not,\" she sighed. \"Based on all of Muse's complaining, being stuck in one place… it must be horrible.\" \"We have a guy like that back in my place. An Air Conditioner.\" Radio thought back to the events of that afternoon. \"He thinks everything I say is a sarcastic fib. Really, only half of it is.\" She shrugged. \"Better than lying all the time, I guess. But anyhoo, the movie, it's about a shy lady, who's separated from her childhood friend as they reach adulthood. She becomes a historian, and decades later with no contact, she finds out he disappeared in World War II. After that, she uses her powers of dreamwalking to find clues and try to track him down. It's called Dreaming of You.\" Her posture dropped. \"I know… I know it sounds like a cheesy chick flick, but... I've heard good reviews, and reading your man-fiction, you seem to be a historian and human enthusiast…\" Despite her confidence fading, her description still enticed the red radio. The thought of a good movie, especially if it was about the war he dreamed of. Radio did not want humans to suffer. The creatures he owed his life to and admired did not deserve to die so brutally. But taking the recaps of the war as stories to listen to, like everything else back when his humans were around, it seemed fascinating. Many pages and stories he had posted of his human-sona, a suave radio announcer who joined the fight for freedom. His adventures stranded in strange bases, talking to Roosevelt, and even a few in different times. All the things he would do if he was alive back then and wasn't victim to the human's whims. \"That sounds… fascinating.\" He turned to her. \"Let's get a seat before anyone else comes.\" She nodded, antenna returning to its flagpole position once again. \"Let's get the best seat in the house!\" ...[Chapter 4] First of all, I need to say thank you to everyone who has reviewed so far. Kid at Heart272, Googley, Apleeeeee, Lalala, Anonymous, and RuffandTumble226, all of your comments mean so much to me, so much I can not even describe it. I read each one, and it really brightens up my day. Second, as weird as this is, I have a question I've been wondering. If the Appliances somehow got their cords on a copy of SBURB, what do you think their god tiers would be? I think that Toaster would be the Space Player, and Radio the Time Player, and maybe Kirby or AC could be a Prince of Blood? (Possibly blood becomes watts or some other appliance-themed aspect in their session.) Other than that I have no idea. What do you think? If you have an idea, leave it in a review, please. ... Chapter 4: You Can Stand Under My Umbrella Kirby had only been waiting outside for fifteen minutes, and already his circuits were crawling like the bugs that escaped his approach. He was a vacuum cleaner, a domestic invention for the house, not meant to be outside in the filthy mess they called the city. To say he was out of his element was an understatement. Those buffoons better not ask me to do this again. He was especially not meant to be hiding in a dark alley with nothing but dumpsters and overflowing black trash bags to keep him company. It was the only place he knew humans wouldn't see him as they went to the movie. How did Radio and AC talk me into this? This is insane! He froze up as a gust of wind blew past and jostled one of the trash bags, almost moving enough to fall on him. The thought of all the messy human filth falling onto him was enough to make him sick. Looking around, he saw all the trash scattered about. He saw the dirt on the concrete ground so much tougher than the carpet he was used to. He could feel the germs crawling on his chrome, making their home in any cracks. No amount of shivering could shake them off. He could only imagine what would happen if one of the trash bags above him burst open, with all the grime and toxins lurking about... ...One expulsion of his bag later, he decided he had to leave. He ached for the cabin, master-less and all, but he knew he could not leave Radio and Miss Didi behind. It would be a sin to make them trudge through this suburban jungle at their tiny size. Still, Kirby knew that if he did not leave the alley soon, he was going to have a full-on panic attack. He hated dust, filth, anything of that sort lying around. The dust bunnies at home were enough to set him off so that he still vacuumed without a human around. He decided that if he expected to make it until the movie's end, he was going to need somewhere indoors to hide. The movie theater itself was not an option, as he could easily see the people working the concession stand. If he just went rolling in there like a living creature, he'd be as good as stolen. Or worse, dissected. As Kirby assessed the situation, he felt something roll down his nose. Great, I'm so nervous I'm sweating. The logic of why that was impossible soon dawned on him, and his brow furrowed in annoyance. Being outside is driving me insane. This date had better work out. Something hit him on the head. It was cold and wet as dripped across his forehead, like… water. He looked up to the sky, and sure enough, gray clouds had formed. Another drop landed in his eye, something he was sure would hurt if his eyes were made of organic flesh. The water did not hurt him yet, but he knew it would. Soon enough, if he did not find shelter, it would rust him until he was no better than the trash laying in the alley. That thought was enough to raise a pounding within him. An urge to escape, a tinge of fear. It was as if the world was shifting around him. The poor vacuum almost lost his balance maneuvering out of the alley. He needed to find shelter, and find it fast. A quick glance of King Street was anything but fruitful. Humans filled every shop, going about their daily lives. Drinking coffee at the Cafe, playing games at the arcade, and enjoying an early dinner at the fancy restaurant. Maybe if he were human these things would have interested him, but now, all he could think about was getting out of the storm before it got any worse. No cars were coming, so he dashed to the other side of the street, and took refuge under the candy cane-striped curtain suspended above a small barber's shop door. He hoped no one inside noticed him, and if they did they might assume he was always there. The human mind was, thankfully, susceptible to easy tricks like that. Still, Kirby knew he did not have much time before someone came and stole him. He prayed that he could return to the cabin, not even caring about winning the stupid bet at this point. He hoped maybe Miss Didi would ditch Radio so he could come out early and they could head home. No, it will be good to get some positivity around the cabin. It will pay off… it will pay off… In the midst of his mantra, he saw another shop in the corner of his eye. Eddy's Used Vacuums. Perfect. If I don't have a tag, they won't try to buy me. The water drops grew thicker and heavier, but the water gave Kirby an extra glide. He managed to enter the shop before getting too wet. No humans appeared to be inside, though the door was unlocked. The bright lights on the ceiling indicated it was open, so he had to act quick. He took his place besides a couple of brand new Dysons. Biting his cord, he realized he was the oldest model by far. He would stick out amongst the group. Until he realized that would be another layer of protection. Who would want an old sucker like me? \"Hey, what are you doing here? Get out of our shop, you old geezer!\" He was torn from his thoughts by a familiar voice. It had a low guttural rumble he recognized… like his own. This vacuum didn't sound exactly like him, but enough they could easily pass as 'cousins,' like humans would say. At first, Kirby even thought it was his conscience speaking. He stumbled over his words for a few moments, almost blushing in shame. \"Look, I need to get out of the storm. I'll be out in an hour or so.\" The blue, shiny Dyson rolled his eyes. \"Just don't expect anyone to come buying you.\" \"Yeah! I wouldn't touch that chrome for a million filters!\" A female vacuum joined in with her deep contralto voice like an opera singer. An opera singer who never learned to be polite as an assembly line newbie. \"Who was your owner? King Tut? Alexander the Great?\" He groaned, brow lowering. \"Fine, I'll leave, alright? Not like I don't get enough of this at home. Do you have an umbrella around?\" The Dyson's eyes widened. \"Wait, you're not serious, right? We were just joking!\" \"Don't go! We were just getting to know you,\" called a shop-vac on the other side of the room. Kirby rolled his eyes. \"Don't give me that shtick. I'm outta here!\" A quick lap around the room provided Kirby with a large enough umbrella to be safe outside. Wrapping it around his cord, he managed to escape the store just before its owners returned. Whew, lucky break. For the first time in his life, he was happy to be standing outside in the rain. It seemed to be fear of the humans inside… but those other vacuums… He sighed, closing his eyes and shaking his head. Radios were like muses, always so lively, inspiring, and colorful. They kept conversations flowing, and filled everyone's lives with song and cheer. You couldn't help but smile in their presence. Kirby always joked to himself how Radio did have a mouth, and that was everyone's grin when he burst out with the latest hit. Even if he did not want to admit he enjoyed them. Lamps were as bright as Radios were energetic. Blankets showered everyone in love, even if they got nothing in return. Toasters were warm to everyone they met, and you could always see the effect like a reflection on their surface. Yet, all that seemed to make Vacuums special was being complete dirtbags. They never helped anyone with anything except clearing dust bunnies. No, I'm here waiting for the little chatterboxes. That counts as something, right? The rain just outside his umbrella's radius matched his mood. The sound of it falling would be a comfort, if only he was back home. Only an hour or so left, big guy. You can do this. He was not so sure about that.[Chapter 5] With this chapter, this is now officially my longest fanfiction! First emotion ghosts, and now radios going on a date. Woohoo for weirdness! … Chapter 5: All Those Flames That Burned Before Him The two energetic radios were tiptoeing out of the movie theater, both taking care to not be stepped on or found by the humans. \"Are you… are you sure this is a good idea?\" Radio nodded. \"Of course! You know how unobservant humans are. Just keep in the back, and we will be fine.\" Didi laughed for a moment. \"And if they catch us, we should just act possessed, right?\" \"Right!\" This lass really knows how to think. His mind was still filled with the adventure that just unplayed in front of them. The daring protagonist, her old friend's treachery, and the action sequences! The gunfire was perfect and left the two at the edge of their seats. \"What was your favorite part?\" Didi asked. She too was left with a vibrating antenna. \"I really liked the ending.\" She was quiet for a moment, eyes full of life before they grew wide. \"Wait, I don't mean because it ended, the movie was wonderful, I mean-\" He laughed, knowing he would have said something similar. \"It was my favorite too. So emotional! The director is a very bright fellow.\" \"Yes!\" The silver radio bounced. \"When she finally found him lying dead, and tried to use her powers to see him once last time, I almost cried! Or, whatever it is that we do.\" Through the metal, he could almost see her blush. The little doll is so confused. She must be new off the assembly line. Radio did not forget the threat of humans watching her but did not have the heart to calm her down at the moment. Her volume is low, so we'll be safe. If they try and disassemble her, they'll have to get through the best swordsman in the land! He was not sure why, but something about this other radio resonated within him. Maybe it was finally meeting a member of his kind that did not treat him like trash. Or perhaps it was just her upbeat cordiality. It could even have been something as simple as meeting another human enthusiast, but either way, he felt honored to be in her presence, even if she was so far more of a playful friend than a romantic partner. Straggling behind the humans, they were the last to leave the building. Outside, they found the concrete was covered in small puddles. Light rain fell on his plastic, making a small plopping sound. If it were not for the manual claiming he was waterproof, and his own pride, he would have run for cover. Turning to the sky, it did not look too cloudy, but Radio could still feel his signal growing clouded. Static roared in the back of his head like the dull rumble of a babbling brook, where the constant voices of multiple stations and human singers usually played. He could still hear them, even if it all blended together when he did not choose one to broadcast, and one from west of the city claimed the storm would be getting worse soon. He turned to Didi to see if she heard the same thing, but she had crawled back to the brick wall of the movie theater, which the roof's ledge covered. \"I don't know if I'm waterproof.\" Her voice was barely a whisper. The sun shone through the late afternoon clouds, small rays slipping through to illuminate Kirby, holding a navy blue umbrella along with the master's old bike basket. \"You two missed the real rain.\" \"Kirby!\" Radio cheered. \"Thank you so, so much for holding out! You can choose next week's music. I promise I will make all this worth your while!\" Kirby rolled his eyes. \"Does silent count as music?\" \"Nope!\" His optimism had not yet diminished. \"So, I'm guessing we shouldn't have dinner in this weather.\" \"For once you have a good idea.\" He smiled, rolling over to Didi. Her antenna was wrapped around her, almost like a human hug. \"So, where do you live? We'll take you home.\" \"How did you get here in the first place?\" Radio asked, Kirby shooting him a strong glare. \"Sorry, sorry.\" She loosened her grip a little bit. \"The mansion is up… up in the hills on the other side of the city. It'll take miles. I rode a sled covered in butter down and… I probably should have thought this through.\" Kirby grumbled. \"Certainly.\" It was Radio's turn to send him a dirty look. At least, he tried. Radio scratched at his alarm button, thinking for an answer for the problem at hand. Come on, what would Roosevelt do? \"How about you come home with us?\" \"What?\" Kirby bellowed, backing away. \"That's insane! What would her master think?\" \"He's on vacation with the Mistress.\" She sighed. \"They won't be back for a week.\" He nodded. \"Alright. So, do you want to join me?\" \"To the cabin?\" Her eyes brightened. \"You'd let me stay with you?\" \"If it's okay with you, that is.\" He nodded, reaching out his antenna. For a moment, she hesitated, but once again, she took ahold of it. Her grip was tight, wrapping around his. \"Is… that a yes, dear?\" She nodded. \"Okay.\" With a quick sweep of the antenna, Didi was hiding within the corners of the basket, where the rain could not reach her. \"Too bad we don't have a blanket with us,\" Radio said as he joined her. \"It's getting awfully cold out.\" \"Well, he'll be back at the cabin,\" Kirby grumbled, starting up his motor. The ride back home would be long and more treacherous than Radio would like to admit, but in that moment, it all felt worth it. He was going to have a whole night with this wonderful girl! She could tell all her stories if she was willing to open up. The poor thing seems awfully shy. Over Kirby's motor, they could hear the raindrops dropping on the umbrella. The rain was not thick, but the sound still left Didi shivering. \"How long do you think it will be?\" Radio thought for a moment. \"Hmm, it only took… about an hour the first time.\" Her antenna drooped. \"Wonderful.\" He sat beside her, wrapping her up in the best hug he could manage. \"I'm certain you'll be fine. I'll figure out the password to get a Taxi, and tomorrow you'll be back safe and sound in your mansion.\" She looked up to the umbrella, what little light there was shining through it to bathe them in a blue glow. \"I sure… I sure hope so.\" Her eyes grew tired, her posture weakening. Radio did not know what was wrong. Just a few moments ago, she was bright and cheery. She lit up the room so much Lampy would be jealous. And now? The sight of her so sad made him \"Is everything alright?\" She bounced back, eyes widening. \"Oh yes! I'm fine!\" It was obvious she did not mean it, but Radio did not want to push her. \"Just a little tired, that's all. And the rain, it's just so dreary! I was hoping the date would go better.\" He nodded. \"Me too. We can still have dinner at home, at least!\" Now more than ever he wished he could smile in reassurance. \"How are we going to eat?\" She asked. \"Do you know how?\" He leaned back. \"I thought you were suggesting that as a joke.\" She turned away. \"I… I thought you would know how! You seem to understand everything, and have a solution for all your problems! I was hoping that maybe you'd have some way we could eat human food. I m- I want to try it so badly.\" Didi was silent for a moment. The rain grew stronger, plowing harder against the umbrella. Finally, she turned to face Radio, though not looking him in the dial. \"I'm so sorry. I doubt I've been that fun to spend time with, and I've never been good at this sort of thing. I'm just a stupid static-\" \"-Didi, here's a news flash I think you need to hear: you are incredibly smart! Based on everything you've told me on Appliance-Chat, you know so much about human culture, and history, and music... even more than I, at times.\" \"Geez, way to help,\" exclaimed Kirby from below them. With a feeble laugh, she curled back, embracing his weak hug once again. \"I know a lot about humans, but I know nothing of being a Radio! Nothing about me makes sense anymore.\" Her voice cracked with the ring that came from changing channels. A piercing sound no radio enjoyed coming from inside them. \"I was thinking… maybe if I went out with you, I could learn a little bit?\" \"Well… I… uh…\" Radio had no idea what to say, or where to start. He had been 'alive' for a while now, ever since he was plugged in as the display model at the run-down Radioshack a few cities away. He never stopped to think about his kind, and what it meant to be one, other than how he should have developed eyes. He loved hearing about their glory days when families would gather around a large brick to hear the latest stories and back before televisions were all the rage, but more for the action and revolutions that took place then, and not for the radios themselves. Kirby, who was more interested in the differences between appliances than him, claimed that Radios, aside from never shutting up, were maestros and energetic speakers, very prone to long oration, but that was more personality than something that could be changed. \"Well, as long as your Master is happy and enjoying whatever station he chooses, you're doing your job just fine. There isn't much else too it.\" The shy lass quivered a small bit. \"It's pretty obvious I'm new to this whole thing, right?\" \"You just came off the assembly line, didn't you?\" He asked. They only had been talking for a few days. And already handed down at least once. No wonder she is nervous. \"Well, I wouldn't say just, \" Didi shrugged. \"But… you obviously have had a lot more time 'radio-ing' than I do.\" Then, her eyes grew wide. \"That's... not a rude thing to say, is it? Humans get kind of annoyed when their age is pointed out.\" \"That's not a bad thing, or anything to be concerned about.\" He knew he was 'smiling,' even if he could never show it. \"Everybody struggles at first. I just strive to remember the most important thing.\" \"Roosevelt?\" Once again, that giggle rung in her voice. \"Well, he's one of them.\" Radio agreed. \"But I mean the music! Listening to it has always helped me, and it reminds me what I am truly here for.\" She grimaced, most likely hoping to change the subject. \"The rain is going to get a bit too thick for that.\" He shook his head. \"Well, not yet, at least!\" A turn of the dial tuned out the stations rasping in his mind, bringing one to the forefront, though all it had was a commercial for Eddy's Used Vacuums. Kirby stiffened, slowing his pace for a moment. Turning his dial, Radio scrolled through various stations of static and political issues he cared nothing of. Stories from doctors 'claiming' good results. People calling in to win small prizes that most likely either a sham or not even worth it. Finally, a single song rang through loud and clear. Classical music. He did not know who had written it, but without lyrics, he'd be able to speak over the melody and still be understood. That was something that may be needed at the moment. The waltz flowed on as he asked: \"Would you happen to like Classical?\" Kirby rolled his eyes. \"Anything's better than that dumb vacuum shop commercial.\" They both laughed. \"Yeah, they always suck! \" said Radio. Didi nodded. \"Agreed.\" Her antenna twitched. \"If this is too forward, I do apologize, but… would you like this dance? Wait... do Radios even - you know, who cares!\" Radio did not need a moment's hesitation. All the others back in the cabin never wanted to dance. The only time they ever willingly listened to his music, outside of requests for certain stations, was when Toaster had them work on chores, and even his 'annoying' taste in music was better than nothing. Neither of the two knew how to dance, making the waltz a challenging task. Didi managed to step on Radio's antenna an average of every other step, but he could not claim to be much better. Maybe there's a reason the others never care to join me. Even swordsmen mess up every now and again. Still, she laughed with every beat, and he was overjoyed to see her happy. Her bright spark burned once again; it simply needed some time and a break from the rain, the rain just outside their reach but blocked by the umbrella's canopy. At least, he sure hoped she felt better. Didi was an enigma trapped inside a plastic shell.[Chapter 6] Announcement: I have created a playlist for Single Radios Near You on 8tracks. Just search for Brave Little Toaster on there and you will find it. To be honest, this chapter is more of an intermission than anything, but I still wanted to write it in. Maybe the fluff factor will appeal to someone. … Chapter 6: Mother Knows Best Blankey's eyes grew tired as he descended down the stairs. The other appliances were meeting in AC's room for the weekly blackjack night, one he never cared to participate in. Even if he wanted to, Radio insisted a young blanket like himself get his sleep and not stay up with the big appliances. However, Radio was not home today. The warm summer sun was already beginning to set, coloring the whole house a rosy hue. There had not been a time set when he would return, and Blankey was growing anxious. From the banister, he could see AC shuffling the old deck of cards, as with his multiple cords, he was the only one with enough dexterity to do so. AC was typically the dealer as well. This was only because no one else wanted to be the dealer, and it made AC feel important. Even though he never said so, Blankey could tell by the way he smiled when he announced in the game. Radio had said that when they played, even if they did not use chips, scores were tallied and the one with the highest number of points got to choose the station that played during the next chore day. If Radio himself won, he'd let AC pick. Radio did not seem to have any preference in music, loving every note, chord, and harmony equally, so he did not mind giving up his turn. Blankey wished he could join in on the games, but they assisted their games were a time for the older appliances to relax. He did not understand why he could not play; he was only a year younger than Lampy and Radio, but then again, age was more confusing when it came to appliances. Some acted like silly, grouchy seniors as soon as they were taken off the shelves, while others, like Blankey, seemed to remain young their whole lives. Besides, even if he had been able to act older, Blankey always got too tired to play, so he assumed it was for the best Radio tucked him in. \"Look, it's the little fuzzball,\" Lampy said, without much tone in his voice. \"We don't know why Radio's taking so long.\" Toaster looked up from his deck, a Nine of Clubs and a Jack of Hearts already reflecting on his shiny surface. \"I sure hope everything is going well.\" \"What if he isn't home for hours?\" Blankey's voice sounded much more like a whine than he intended. \"Would you tuck me in?\" AC, Lampy, and Toaster all turned to each other. AC sneered. \"You tired? Well, I'd be honored to. If I wasn't-\" \"We know!\" Lampy cut him off, adding a face-cord for good measure. Toaster sighed. \"I guess I will. What does Radio do? Just spread you out on the bed?\" Blankey's 'hands' kneaded in his own warm embrace. \"Well… he sings a lullaby, and sometimes tells me a story.\" Once again, Toaster turned to his friends. \"Don't start the game until I'm back, alright? I've got a good hand I don't want to waste. It'll only be a moment.\" \"Okay,\" shrugged the golden lamp. \"Thank you, Toaster,\" Blankey smiled. The two of them began the ascent up the stairs. Blankey's length of fabric weighed him down in his shuffle even more than when he was wide awake, but he still managed to trudge upstairs. Within a minute, he had crawled onto the Master's old bed, a twin draped in a homemade blue comforter from his dear old Uncle Emory. Blankey had always slept on the top of the pile, as the Master's parents recommended. It was in order to heat the other blankets, the ones without wires that could never come alive. Blankey lay there, spread across the surface of the bed no human had changed in years. His movement was the only thing that kept it from getting dusty. Toaster smoothed out his wrinkles and smiled down on the softer appliance. \"You said Radio sang you to sleep, right?\" Blankey nodded in response. \"Well, I don't know any good songs, but I'll try.\" Toaster began to sing a wordless melody, most likely either made up on the spot or the instrumental to a song he heard before. His voice was so different from Radio's, being soft and smooth where Radio's was bold and energetic. Radio was great to listen to, but maybe not the best for bedtime, as Blankey was beginning to see. Toaster's voice had him already on the brink of sleep, much faster than Radio. Toaster had a warm tone reminding Blankey of the Master's mother. The way she would smooth the blankets, hum an old shanty or show tune, and kiss the Master's forehead before returning to her sewing always made Blankey smile. The humans had some strange and adorable ways of showing affection. Now that he thought about it, a lot about Toaster reminded him of the mother. Even though Blankey could tell none of the other appliances enjoyed his company, Toaster was the one most willing to comfort him during crying fits or help him reach the top shelf when dusting. He acted the most like a human mother, right down to making sure the chores got done, as the master often complained about. He was lost in those old memories for… he could not remember how long until Toaster finally whispered a final note. \"Is that okay, Blankey?\" Blankey shook his heavy head. \"Could you sing some more?\" He looked down to the ground. \"Look, I need to get back to the game. How about I sing to you in the morning during chores?\" \"Aw, chores? Not again,\" he whined. \"Didn't we just do chores a week or two ago?\" \"Yes, that's why we need to do them again,\" said Toaster, his voice gaining a stronger tone. Yet right after, he smiled once more. \"Don't worry about that now. You need your sleep!\" Blankey gave a weak smile. \"I hope Radio's date is going well.\" \"Me too,\" Toaster agreed. \"Based on what he said, she's a nice girl.\" \"What if we get to meet her?\" His eyes grew wide. \"Probably not,\" he sighed. \"That would be nice, though.\" Blankey shrugged. \"Well, if I was the one dating him, I'd want to meet the rest of our- I mean his friends.\" Toaster let out a small laugh. \"Okay then. Still, what was her name again? Zizi? Fifi?\" Before Blankey could answer, Lampy's voice was heard from the lower level of the house. \"Radio, is that Didi?\"[Chapter 7] Chapter 7: Bright Young Woman, Sick of Singing, Ready to Stand Didi knew she was new to the whole 'Radio' thing. Being new to the dating thing too did not help matters. She tried all the tricks she had read in the books and found online. Keep good posture, dress well, discuss common interests, smile, make eye contact. Speaker-dial contact in their case. She tried her best to plow through the date, but she was growing tired and antsy. Her antenna was sore from holding it up so long. The silk bow scratched against her her stiff, inorganic surface, and all she wanted to do was to return home. Not the mansion. That place was too big and private for its own good, with Muse being her only company. The poor thing was not sure where home was anymore, but whatever it was, she wanted to be there more than ever. Sure, Radio had a big heart, but he seemed oblivious to reality. A lot of the stories he told were blatant lies (his brand had not been around since the eighties, let alone him), and he seemed a little too obsessed with music and war and… radio-ness? She was a weird one, but wasn't she still supposed to be like that by now? Maybe if I was a normal radio, it would all make sense. Maybe I'd be able to feel something for him. Didi wondered what he was thinking. Without a face, she could hardly tell. Sometimes it looked as if he was scared, curling up in his antenna, but he turned out to be laughing. Are radios supposed to be faceless? I look so stupid, don't I? As Mr. Kirby rolled through the front door after an hour and a half in the humid rain and static, she pushed these feelings back. Even if nothing comes out of this date, it can still be a good experience in itself, right? I can still learn some things. She knew Muse would be so worried about her. Even if she tried to call, he could not pick up or hear the answering machine. Geez, he's sure going to give it to me tomorrow. She hoped the storm would clear up as soon as possible so she could get back early in the morning. Radio's house was large for a cabin, with oak flooring and sky-blue wallpaper. Even if it was a lot colder than she expected, the house was cozy, the kind she would be happy to live in if there was some furniture. All it needed was a chair here, painting there, a few lighting fixtures and she'd be happy. Plenty of space, but not too much space. Then again, at her size, an RV would be big enough. They were greeted by a bronze-colored lamp, with yellow eyes and a lightbulb where a human nose would be. \"Radio, is that Didi?\" His tenor voice was nasally but playful. Without any legs, he hopped around using his flexible stem as a leg and platform as a foot. The sight of it caused Didi to laugh. She tried to restrain herself from laughing, as to not be rude. The lamp was staring at her in confusion. \"I'm sorry,\" she said as she managed to stop. \"You just remind me of a mermaid. Or, a mer-lamp, I guess.\" \"A mer-lamp…\" the bronze thing chirped on. \"Brings a whole new meaning to waterproof, I guess.\" The two radios hopped down from the basket, with Kirby speeding off to the bathroom to retrieve towels. Didi walked towards the lamp, holding out her antenna for a shake. \"It's wonderful to meet you, sir. Lampy, I presume?\" He nodded with a smile, before pausing, eyes growing wide. \"How do you know my name?\" \"Radio told me all about you! You seem like quite the interesting fellow.\" Her mind went back to the conversations on the computer, with Radio recalling all the times he freaked out because his bulb died, and all the games they loved to play. Lampy's grin grew wide. \"Well, I sure do hope so.\" Radio stood beside her, adjusting his bowtie. \"The storms a bit too strong to get Didi back home at the moment, so she'll be staying with us tonight.\" \"I'll try not to make too much noise or bother you,\" she sighed. With a shrug, Radio led her into the main room where a game of Poker or Blackjack appeared to have begun. Blackjack she could play, though she had no strategies. Poker might be a bit harder. \"So, welcome to our 'humble abode.' I hope you enjoy your stay.\" \"Me too,\" she sighed. \"When are lights out around here?\" \"Whenever Lampy heads off to bed,\" chuckled a coarse voice from above them. Didi turned up to see a large Air Conditioner. His vents formed jagged eyebrows and a mustache, while his eyes and mouth were an unnatural shade of blue, while the rumbling white noise that came from him blended with the static in her own head. His breath sent cold breezes towards her, antenna twitching and shivering in response. \"So, are you the lucky radio?\" \"I think so,\" she said, giving as much as a courtesy as possible. She did not want to risk being disrespectful to this huge appliance who could crush her easily if he managed to pull himself out of the wall. \"And you're AC, right?\" \"Yes,\" he nodded. \"It's just perfect meeting you here, but don't you have a master to serve somewhere?\" His voice was dripping with sarcasm. \"You're lucky, kid. Just remember: someday he's going to leave you behind.\" Didi sighed. \"That's such a wonderful thought. I wish he would leave me behind.\" Didi hated Mr. Gardner. He was rude, insensitive, and she was certain the only reason he liked listening to country music so much was to make her suffer. His dumb kid had covered her in peanut butter and marker multiple times, jamming her dials and painting her the ugliest shades of green and yellow. At least Mrs. Gardner cleaned her off afterward. She never listened to anything and left them to their own devices. Didi was thankful for the days when only she was around, as she could finally take a break from the annoying jingles and get some sleep. It was hard to sleep when a large human forced sounds that were not her own out of her speakers. Ever since Didi was placed in Mr. Gardner's study, this was the first time all three of the humans had been gone from the house, and it was just Muse and her. She snuck onto the computer and managed to find a site called Appliance-Chat, and another Radio on it. She offered to go on a date to finally have someone else to talk to, even if he was an obvious liar. A big part of her was glad to be at the cabin, with five more wonderful people to meet. She decided to make sure to bring something back for Muse. Maybe they'd let me keep a fork or something? Not much, but didn't he try and collect them a while ago? Muse's fork collection could only be beaten by her own spoon collection back at her first home, an old wooden farmhouse overseeing a field of carrots ripe for the picking, with the smell of carrot cake permanently staining the air. The others, however, did not share her sentiment towards masters. As she replied to AC's statement, they all had paused. \"But, don't you want a human to use you?\" Lampy asked. She shook her 'head.' \"Not really. I'd be so happy if they left me alone for a while. If I didn't need it to open doors and hold things, I would have removed my antenna by now so they'd stop using me. Well, that, and I would never want to leave Muse alone with them. We seem to be the only appliances in the whole house. If I got thrown out, he'd have to face them alone.\" Radio tucked his antenna in as a response to that statement. \"Well, maybe her master is just young. You remember how messy ours got, right?\" \"Ah yes,\" grinned a metallic, reflective toaster, coming down the stairs with a blanket the color of margarine. \"The older mistress always complained about having to wipe jelly smears off of me.\" Didi could not tell if Toaster was male or female, as their voice was somewhere between a young lady and a little boy. \"Don't worry though, that phase will pass.\" For a moment, she was going to protest. Yeah, I understand that you love your master. I understand that most appliances love their master. Maybe I'm just weird like usual. Still, she did not want to start an argument. That would make for a long night. Instead, she simply nodded with a quick \"sure.\" \"Well, I'm glad to finally get someone with some good circuits around here,\" AC sneered. \"Humans, who needs them?\" \"Sure, sure,\" she answered, wanting to avoid the subject, and enjoy what time she had. \"But seriously, when should we be heading off to bed?\" \"A few hours from now,\" Toaster said. \"Unless you're Blankey, of course.\" The yellow blanket confirmed that statement. \"He wanted to see you, but he needs to get to bed.\" \"It's wonderful to meet you,\" Didi smiled, hopping over to Blankey. \"I hope you do not mind me staying here tonight.\" \"Wow, you're really pretty. I love your bow,\" he muttered in his half-asleep stupor. \"Are you and Radio going to go out more often?\" Her 'eyes' grew wide. Turning to Radio, she saw what might be a similar reaction and a chirp from his speaker. \"Um… I don't know yet. I'll tell you in the morning, a'ight?\" He nodded, already turning to return to bed. \"Alright.\" As Blankey left, Kirby returned with the towels. They were soft against her casing, unlike the silk bow torn from an old dress already packaged to be donated. Wrapping herself up in the seafoam-colored fabric, she was happy to have some warmth and wore it like a fancy cape. \"How do I look?\" \"Like a King!\" Radio exclaimed. \"Or, Queen, I suppose. Either way, you are quite the handsome lass.\" She could feel her blushing within her transformers and amplifier. \"Thank you, Radio.\" \"So, you want to play Blackjack?\" Lampy offered. \"We'll be happy to deal you a hand.\" \"No thanks,\" she shook her head. \"I've never really been interested in gambling. But… if you want, I'd be happy to-\" \"-Don't pressure yourself, dear.\" Radio nodded. The dear made her tense up for a moment. Not because he scared her; she didn't think she was worthy of being a 'dear.' Didi by itself with no nickname or anything would be better. \"I'll be happy to do whatever you prefer.\" She giggled. \"Want to butter up some sleds and ride down these hills?\" He took a step back. \"Maybe not that just yet. How about some chess? I think the Masters left a board around here somewhere.\" He scratched the top of his alarm button with his antenna, and she had to hold back a laugh. \"Sure!\" Didi knew she was good at chess. At least, she hoped so. She had always been able to beat Muse, and he seemed to be brighter than her in most intellectual activities. \"Sounds awesome!\" Radio's antenna twitched. \"Though… you're going to have to teach me.\" \"You don't know how to play chess?\" She asked. He nodded. \"Well, it isn't too hard to learn the basics. Strategies are a lot harder, but that's alright.\" Managing her best smirk, she added: \"don't worry, I'll go easy on you.\" \"Easy? I want you to give it all you've got!\" He jumped up, already in search of the board. \"I do not care if you beat me a thousand times. A man's got to learn how to play through experience. How do you think I downed so many moose on the Klondike?\" \"Wonderful,\" she rolled her eyes with a grin. \"But don't start acting all macho yet, Mr. Big-Shot.\"[Chapter 8] Chapter Eight: Shine Bright Like a Diamond Lampy, having waited so long, was overjoyed to begin the game of Blackjack. With Kirby, the party had grown and everyone was ready. \"Think we should start over with new cards, or-\" \"Nah, let's just start from here,\" Toaster smirked. Everyone knew he had a good hand, but the game was still young, and Lampy was determined to beat him. He pondered over his ten of spades and five of hearts. Chances are that if he asked for a hit, he would go over 21. After a moment of Kirby and Toaster looking on in silence, he shouted out \"I surrender, alright!\" \"Wow, already?\" Taunted AC as he added half a point back to Lampy's section of the board. Meanwhile, Toaster got four points and Kirby, in a stroke of luck after splitting his two sevens, managed to win sixteen. As AC dealt the next set of cards, Kirby spoke. \"Do you think the date is going well?\" \"Seems to be,\" Lampy responded. \"They obviously have great chemistry.\" AC sneered. \"What proof do you have?\" \"Well… they're both radios!\" The others shook their heads. \"That doesn't mean anything. What matters is that they love each other.\" Toaster smiled, another good hand reflected on him. Turning over his own cards, Lampy felt a rush flicker in his bulb for a moment at the sight of a blackjack. Holy mother of Edison! Not saying anything, he waited for a good chance to reveal this discovery, even if a poker face was not needed in a simple game of Blackjack, especially with his small two point bets only yielding him three extra. We do play 3:2, right? Kirby rolled his eyes, Lampy not sure if it was disgust at the conversation or a lousy hand. \"He could be smooching a blender right now for all I care.\" Toaster sighed. \"To be honest, I doubt this 'date' will end with anything except Radio making a new friend.\" Lampy shrugged. \"Well, that's not so bad. Maybe she'll stop by sometimes!\" \"When will she have time? Her Master's going to be home in a week,\" added Kirby. \"Besides, you really want more of us running around this joint? You five are enough!\" The large AC shuttered. \"Good thing they won't be having little chatterbox babies.\" Toaster giggled, his soft silvery giggle sounding very much like the Old Mistress. \"That'd be pretty cute, honestly.\" \"Yeah, I bet Teddy, Rosey, and Lil' Radio Jr. running around blaring their static at us would be really adorable.\" Kirby groaned setting down a rough hand, with a four of clubs and jack of spades. \"AC, I surrender, alright?\" AC laughed, his laugh like the sneer the Older Master gave when pestering their Master with painful jokes and commands to do his homework. \"What, the cards giving you a tough time? I bet that small loss won't feel so bad once I win this little bet of ours.\" \"You don't know if you're winning yet!\" Kirby pounded his cord on the ground. \"Sure Didi looked a bit nervous, but maybe she'll get over it.\" \"To be honest, making a friend still seems like a success to me, honestly.\" Lampy held back a cringe at his sentence, the repetition being a habit he knew he had to break. Kirby smiled, the corner of his mouth moving ever so slightly. \"Seems like the lamp is being bright, for once.\" \"Hey, I always shine bright!\" He added a quick flash of his freshly-cleaned bulb to prove his point. With a smirk, he continued. \"You won't be feeling so smug when you see this!\" Kirby groaned as Lamp held up his Ace and Queen of Diamonds. Toaster clapped as best he could with how far apart his handles were spaced. AC nodded, marking all the new tallies on the board. \"Looks like Lampy's pulling ahead, big guy,\" said AC, Kirby's brow lowering. \"You're gonna have to start counting cards if you want to hold your spot.\" Kirby's motored rumbled. \"I am not stooping down to Radio's level!\" \"I heard that! You better not make me come in there and avenge my good name,\" called a voice from the other room, succeeded by the sound of a young lady's laugh. \"Of course you heard that,\" Kirby mocked, cord making the 'talking' motion Lampy had seen angry humans doing. \"Come on, let's continue the game,\" said Toaster. \"Hit me, dealer!\" AC handed Toaster another card, but the reveal of the hole card defeated any joy. Kirby was still ahead, but Lampy was closing in. Radio almost always won, so the result of this game looked bright. Maybe they wouldn't have to do tomorrow's chores to the sound of news reports or heavy metal, and some actual music for once. The rounds continued, and after a couple more splits, a soft 17, the occasional fit of giggles coming from the next room over, and a multitude of busts on Toaster and Kirby's part, Lampy was finally in the lead. He was only three meager points ahead of Toaster, but… still winning, right? Their games never had a defined ending. Typically they played until everyone was tired, or AC simply got sick of putting up with the 'low-watts,' but Lampy could not keep his excitement down. It had been so long since he won last! Radio would be so proud of him! Just gotta get through to the ending. What music should I choose? Oh boy, it has been a year, hasn't it? Guess I'll choose some light listening jazz or something. \"You getting tired yet?\" AC said with a yawn as he passed out the cards. \"Yeah! Maybe we should turn in now!\" Lampy nodded. The others rolled their eyes. AC chuckled. \"Sure, you want to keep going. If Kirby was in the lead, you'd be all up in arms. Well, up in cords, that is.\" Lampy shook his head, struggling not to blush. \"Nah, I just want to make sure I'm ready when we clean up tomorrow.\" He could not help a smile spreading across his face. \"And when we do, we'll be listening to my favorite station.\" \"You know, since there'll be two of them here, maybe second place could choose a station as well,\" Kirby added while beckoning for AC to deal another round. Lampy bit his lips as a hand he knew he just could not win fell into his cord. \"We should not make Didi help us in chores.\" Toaster shook his head. \"The poor thing looked so nervous coming up here in the first place.\" \"Besides, wouldn't it just get really noisy?\" No one responded to Lampy's sentiment. \"Yeah, you're right, Toaster.\" The lack of grumbling in Kirby's voice indicated he had a good hand. Great. Just great! Kirby's gonna win again. Then again, it was good to play a game without Radio. Whether it be counting cards, a permanent poker face, or just incredible hearing in Hide and Seek, he always managed to win. Only AC ever seemed to be able to thwart him, and no one knew his techniques. When asked, he would tell the others to 'get on his level.' With a sigh, Lampy continued the game. Another few rounds brought his lead to a crushing halt. Toaster was leading by five points. Better than Kirby leading, at least. I could probably just bribe Toaster with a good loaf of bread and half an hour of reading out loud. Where he would even find the bread was another issue entirely. AN: I have nothing against News Reports of Heavy Metal, I only added that line for a joke, and this is Lampy's perspective anyway, so please do not be too mad. I figured he would prefer 'lighter' material. (Get it? Heh heh...)[Chapter 9] Before this chapter begins, I need to say thank you. I never in my wildest dreams expected this story to get so popular. In fact, I never even expected to finish chapter one. Yet, all of you have been leaving such kind and supportive comments. I assure you, I read each and every one. Here are some responses. I'm sorry I could not write one for everyone, but trust me, I do appreciate you all. Rodeo-Radio: I love your screen-name. Also, thanks! The titles are not mine, however. They're all song titles or lyrics, which I figured would be fitting for a story about radios. RuffandTumble226: Your support is so flattering, and I am honored you wish this was more popular. As said before, I'm just so surprised it got this far. Maybe: Wow, your support is so kind! I promise I am still working on it. And thanks for the specific comment for AC and Kirby. They're very fun to write, and I worked hard on getting their voice correct. (I rewrite every line until I can hear them saying it, actually. Takes a lot of time, so I'm glad it pays off.) Toaster: Thanks for the comment! (It's won't be alone, LOL.) Smile: I sure hope so. Lampy and Toaster are a pain to keep in character. Value: I certainly value your comment. Deendeeedger8: Oh boy, Radio and Didi are going to need to start saving for college funds, aren't they. Thankfully, Lil' Radio Jr. will always have someone with good stories to tell. Also, if anyone has suggestions for the official Single Radios Near You playlist, leave them in the reviews! ... Chapter Nine: You're Gonna Sing the Words Wrong \"... so there I was. You would not believe it! Surrounded on all sides. Seven grizzly bears to my left, five polars to my right. I still have no idea where any of those bears came from, but that was not important at the time. Adrenaline rushed through my wires, and all I had was my sword and the six chamber pistol given to me by a Rear Admiral in the army of World War II.\" Didi grinned, as best she could manage. \"You mean a revolver?\" She decided not to mention the lack of admirals of any rank in the Army, as that may be harder to explain. Besides, she had already corrected him at least five times this story. He nodded, moving his right white knight in front of his pawns. It looked as if he was preparing to castle. She could not judge, she was planning to do the same. \"Yes, yes. The word escaped me there. Revolver. Has a nice ring to it, you know? Anyhow, I picked up my sword and laid waste to the Grizzlies without wasting a single bullet. Their long claws scruffed my casing; their paws snapped my antenna. It was a painful tragedy. And yet, I kept fighting! As the polar bears closed in, I killed two in one sweep of my sword. The other three took a shot to the heart to down.\" \"At the end of the day, there was blood everywhere. The crimson colored the trees like a New York subway. I used it to cover the scuff marks until I could get back to society and find a repair guy.\" \"Okay, that's disgusting.\" Didi turned away from him. She knew that if she were human at the moment, she would have lost her lunch by then. Who am I kidding? I'd be eating carrot cake instead of a real lunch. \"Certainly,\" he nodded. \"The smell alone was enough to make me wish I had never set foot outside the cabin. And yet I trekked onward, in search of the prize.\" Didi moved a pawn forward, to make room for her own king to castle. She was starting to realize the only reason she managed to beat Muse was that either he was bad at chess or did not care enough to put his heart and soul into the game, and not because she had any real skill or strategy. Besides protecting the King and castling, she really had no idea what she was doing, while he seemed to be a man of wit and strategy. Still, she was determined not to lose, especially not at the hand of a newbie to human games. Maybe if I can distract him I'll get the upper hand. \"What prize? You kinda forgot to mention the prize.\" \"Oh, right! My apologies,\" he exclaimed, a bishop sliding out of its place by two squares. Her next move would be a mirror of his, except hers would only move by one. \"The prize was a new antenna, so it was convenient I lost the old one. The old thing was busted anyway.\" \"Did this new one have any special powers?\" For the first time in his story, Didi was honestly interested in the story and willing to play along. He tapped at his alarm button for a moment. \"Well, this one's a bit more flexible and has better reception. Otherwise, I do not believe so.\" \"Bummer.\" Didi was about to castle her king when she realized she had been playing the wrong side. She would have to move the Queen as well. Bummer indeed. Her bishop moved the second square to make room for it. \"Are you copying me?\" Radio asked her, advancing the white pawn he had moved before once again. \"I know I am a good model most of the time, but-\" Didi rolled her eyes, trying to add a smile at the end. \"Sure. But anyway, wouldn't it be cool if our antennas did have powers? I mean, they already look like magic wands, so why not go the whole way?\" He was quiet for a moment, giving her a chance to prepare her Queen to leave the pawns blocking it in. \"That would be spectacular. If mind had a power, I'd want to travel in time.\" \"So you could meet Teddy for real?\" As predictable as he is, at least I'll know what to get him for Christmas. In fact… she finally remembered the gift she had brought him, tucked away in her battery compartment. I'll make sure to surprise him later. \"Why of course!\" He stood atop the table, antenna held high like a flag. \"No one else has displayed so much courage and moxie. It'd be an honor to meet him.\" \"But in your stories you already have…\" Her eyes held a mischievous grin. Radio sighed, pushing the pawn in front of his king into the range of her knight. \"Didi, I'm going to be honest with you. A lass like yourself deserves it. I never did any of those things, they were all fictitious.\" She nodded. \"No kidding. I figured it out when I first saw you face-down on the sidewalk, flailing those funny little legs...\" the female radio began to snicker. \"How?\" For a moment, she hoped he was kidding, but he honestly looked surprised. Her voice held little emotion. \"I hate to break it to you, but you're not a very good liar. At all.\" \"Well… I guess not… but um… Isn't it your move, Didi?\" He pointed back to the board, where her plastic ebony pieces were lying. \"Oh, right!\" With a laugh in her voice, she took the pawn, placing the knight on its rightful square. For a moment, he leaned back in surprise, his antenna twitching in response. She felt a rush of pride in her batteries, bringing new energy… Until he captured her knight in return, fanfare from his speakers ringing in her antenna. \"Looks as if a mighty raven steed was downed on the battlefield! We will honor his sacrifice with the noblest of awards.\" He hopped up and down. \"Oh my, this game is such fun! Thank you so much for teaching me!\" She moved her queen two squares forward, almost tipping it in the process. \"You're welcome, buddy.\" Eager for another massacre on the checkerboard, he captured her outward pawn. Yet, this left his knight in the way of her Queen, seizing an easy victory. \"Didi, I'm wondering, what power would you want?\" \"What,\" she uttered, before remembering the previous conversation. \"Oh, I don't know. I never really thought about it. I guess dreamwalking like the girl in the movie would be cool.\" \"Yes, that's a great idea! I wish I had thought of something so clever and original.\" She giggled, almost blushing. \"It's not original; the producers already thought of it. Then again, maybe I'd be an empath or a healer. Possibly I could access the internet from anywhere. No, that's dumb. Oh! I know: a shapeshifter.\" He nodded, moving another pawn. Didi was beginning to lose interest in the game, her electronic synapses firing towards more abstract daydreams. She knew just what she would become if she had the power, and was simply waiting for him to ask- \"That sounds exceptional! I'd love to turn into some kind of prey on the savannah, running wild and free. The wind in my mane, my legs hitting the ground, blazing past at such a fast speed. The next day, I'd be a ferocious lion, having learned all the prey's strategies. I'd love to feel that power flowing through me! Or perhaps I could be a cat or dog; some cute house pet with legs. I would go in search of my master, and be able to interact with him.\" Her eyes grew wide. \"That sounds awesome! So much more creative than what I was thinking.\" \"And that is?\" His antenna signaled for her to continue. She smiled, adjusting her bow, its scratchiness still bothering her. \"A human.\" He turned his head. \"Well, as much as I love humans, I never considered actually being one. It seems like a whole lot of responsibility.\" \"Yeah, but imagine the freedom! I want to eat food, and have hands, and go to the movies without the fear of being dissected if anyone found me.\" Her cute smiling eyes turned to a harsh grin. \"I'd put my masters in their place, and show them what it's like to-\" \"Hey, I know you do not appreciate them, but let's not blow a fuse, alright?\" He patted her on the top of her casing. \"Yeah, I know,\" Didi nodded. \"But everything else humans do seem so interesting. I'd do anything to be human.\" She shrugged. \"I'd eat ten tons of carrots to be human, and then some. And I've heard carrots taste awful. \" She expected him to roll his... dial, but he just nodded. \"If I were a strapping human man, I'd try and find my master. I miss the kid so much.\" She was not sure if he was genuinely curious, or just wanted to make her feel better. Nonetheless, she decided to continue. \"Well, I guess I'd find a way to make Muse a human too. Then, I think we'd go and try to complete his bucket list. I don't have one, and he's stuck by my side all this time, so why not?\" she shrugged, looking out the window to find the sun setting, light bright enough to burn human eyes. \"Besides, his list looks pretty fun anyway. I'd like to see the Grand Canyon just as much as he does.\" The red radio was still. \"What's the Grand Canyon?\" Her eyes opened wide. \"You don't know what it is? Well, that's a stupid statement, obviously, you don't. Sorry.\" She blushed, but he did not seem to be offended. Why does he have to lack a face? This would be so much easier if he had one. How am I supposed to tell what a faceless radio is thinking? \"Well, it's a national park, in Arizona, I think? Somewhere around there, anyway. It's a canyon, which is like the path cut through the dirt by a trickle of water or a crack in the cement, but much, much bigger! This one is a whole mile deep, and ten wide! There's a skywalk on it made of glass, so you can stand on it and look down to the bottom if you can even see down that far. Humans visit it every day. Muse is interested in the archeological history, but I want to see just how deep a mile really is.\" He was still for a second. \"Sounds like quite the endeavor. You'll be sure to send me one of those plastic human picture-notes, right? The ones with the elegant landscape pictures.\" \"A postcard? Certainly,\" she answered. \"I'll send you the best one I can find. You deserve it, buddy.\" \"Thank you so much!\" He wrapped her in a hug, antenna cold from the house's overworking air conditioner. She tried not to shiver in surprise. \"But if you don't mind me asking, how do you know so much about humans and their landmarks?\" \"It's not human-made, but…\" \"Do your masters- sorry, humans, know you're alive, and read books to you?\" She shook her head. \"No, they don't.\" She was not lying when she said this. At least, she was not lying about the reading part.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10: Longing For You to Come Home Muse was beginning to grow anxious. It was already half an hour past when Didi said she would be back. From his two long antennas dropped the 'present' he had received from Mr. Gardner. His remote. The plastic hunk that controlled him. \" Knock yourself out while I'm gone.\" It was not like Muse even needed the remote to change his channels. He could move the dials on the left side of his 'face' without much difficulty, with the same finesse humans moved their limbs. Muse longed for those limbs, so he could get up from the TV stand for the first time in three years and go searching for his friend, his best friend… the only one who meant something to him anymore. Didi could be hurt out there. What if he does not treat her with the respect she deserves? Oh, if I could get up from here I would give him a piece of my mind! Something that he could consider a 'heart' burned inside him for a moment, heat flowing through his wires, before returning to its usual lifeless state. But I am not able to. That 'Radio' fellow could throw me out a window and I still would not be able to fight back. He gazed around the room, the one that he had faced for three years straight. The only thing that ever changed was the open window on the left side, and even that was mostly out of view. Still, he saw the outside world's cool breeze brushing fibers on the plaid blanket laid across the dusty fern green sofa, and felt them rustle between his two antennae, one of the only things that ever managed to truly put him at peace. Straining his 'eyes' as best he could, all he could see were grey clouds and the tip of an evergreen tree. Didi was always the one who described what was happening outside to him. Her descriptions were almost colorful and lively enough to forget he was not the one seeing it. He looked back to the room Mr. Gardner called a study, which Muse called a prison. Behind the couch was a wooden desk hosting an old 90's computer. He really does love collecting old antiques, does he not? The cream carpet had grown dusty over time, the same going for the powdery red wallpaper. The only scenery he ever saw was in movies, and chances are a lot of them were the result of careful green screening, and nothing real. Turning his dial with the precision it took so long to develop, he searched for anything interesting. A cooking show, a NOVA documentary, anything at all to distract him. His vision was filled with the screen displaying on him. Meanwhile, his speakers, the only thing he had as a mouth, blasted the words from a commercial he was not narrating. It was a sensation he always cringed at. At this hour, most of what was on was either adult 'comedy,' which never seemed to be anything more than dumb 'jokes' and racist slurs to him, or infomercials for products most people would not trust anyway. While he hated to admit it, he did enjoy the infomercials on occasion, they were so easy to tune out, and he would be left thinking of her… After a few minutes of searching, he landed on some vegan documentary recounting tales of how people's lives had changed after ditching meat. You silly people get to eat. Why is it so hard for you to enjoy it while you still can? As ungrateful as these people were, the documentary did seem rather interesting. Besides, who could resist gazing over those gorgeous fields, the kelly green grass dotted with golden dandelions, the dew dripping off pale leaves during cut-aways, the clear cotton-candy skies that could never be savored from his limited view. He decided to settle back and watch until Didi came home. I hope she is enjoying herself. Too bad she is not here though. I think she would like to see this. The view changed to a field of carrots, while a lady plucked one from the ground by its bushy stem, going over their health benefits compared to regular old chicken or beef. Maybe that's the farm where Didi is from. His companion was always mentioning her roots back home in the Dorrie Carrot Farm, a few cities away from the mansion and 'masters' both of them despised. Muse didn't have such good origins, something he always lamented when thinking of how happy Didi's first days were. He was a couple years older than her, having spent most of his life with a single mother, before leaving for her son's trailer, and eventually winding up at Mr. Gardner's Mansion. This place would be so much better than that filthy trailer… if I could ever see any of it besides this one stupid study! His antennae curled in disgust, the only show of fury he could still manage without his face screen. Mr. Gardner's going to be back in a week, and unlike her, I can not just go frolicking with a random boy to escape for a few days! And why is she being so risky about this anyway? Somebody is bound to run over her, or steal her… Do not think about that right now, please. Again, not like you can just do something about it. Why did she have to leave me? I am all alone here… what does he have that I do not? He can move on his own, for starters. His antennae uncurled, once again picking up the sweet breezes. His sigh was not audible over the lady from the documentary babbling on about the vegan diet. Am I not good enough for her anymore? I thought maybe... Didi was his companion, his comrade, his best friend. They had been through thick and thin together over the past three years. Even when Mr. Gardner gave him a hard time, she always managed to make him laugh, and never stopped working to find ways for him to interact with the rest of the world. ...I bet I really am not the best for conversation anymore. After three years, she must be dying for some new stories and voices to hear, even if they are so obviously fake! I just hope she still wants to see me. Tuning out the movie, despite his best efforts to distract himself, he was surrounded by daydreams. What would happen if this new radio took his place. He would be all on his own, with nothing he could do, and no one to talk to, except Mr. Gardner, and all he ever did was take his anger out on the two of them. He hated him with all of his being. All of his fake, plastic, wired being. The only thing that kept him 'going' was the promise of seeing Didi once he was able to stop playing Mr. Gardner's idiotic sitcoms. What if she runs off with him for good? What if that is why she has not returned yet? I cannot blame her. She deserves to be free of this. She deserves someone who can give her all the things I cannot anymore.[Chapter 11] For anyone who is interested in seeing her, I have changed the picture on my EAS Brave Little Toaster fanfiction to a picture of a (mostly) human and God-Tier Didi. Chapter 11: My Own Self-Fulfilled Prophecy To say Kirby was bad at letting things go was an understatement. While he would never admit it, and worked hard not to let it show, he had a small tendency to hold everything inside of him and fume until he burst out at something that was not even the original problem. He had a feeling that might happen tonight. I'm not that old. Those Dysons are a load of jerks. It's not like I'll ever see them again anyways. He bit down in frustration. Then why can't I just forget about it? Guess it's nothing but another vacuum thing, huh. Even though Kirby had won the blackjack game the others made such a big deal about only three minutes earlier, he did not feel like celebrating. Their game had continued until Lampy ran out of points in a desperate attempt to regain his lead, even after Toaster let him have a couple of his. All Kirby won was having everyone complain about his music choices. I suppose I'll let Lampy have my turn. He was so excited. Then again, that little sunspot would never shut up about it. Even though it was only eight o'clock, he already felt like turning for the night to 'recharge his batteries,' as some may say. The only problem was that the closet he claimed as his quarters was in the room where Radio and Didi were playing chess. He did not want to interrupt them. He knew 'young love' was treated as a serious thing to those like Radio, with their heads in the clouds unable to be pulled down. While he never cared for it, he knew they would be mad if he interrupted. They'll just have to deal. He rolled up to the door, sure his vacuum was off as to not make noise, turning the chilly brass doorknob with his cord. Of course, the cold did not bother him that much. The room once used as an office space, but now left emptier than a desert without cacti, was much warmer than AC's, and even if he did not care, it was a welcome change. The chess board had been thrown to the floor, the pieces scattered in uneven positions. A soft rumble began to growl in his motor, Radio and Miss Didi not noticing his entrance over their louder chatter. \"And then, the King and his family tried to escape France, but they were caught, and-\" \"Why would you do this!\" Kirby yelled. \"You know how messy this is? I bet you two are just gonna leave me to clean it up, aren't you!\" Radio sighed, while Miss Didi crawled back in her seat. \"No, we were going to clean it up in a moment, if you hadn't barged in like that so rudely, that is.\" \"Well, I'm sorry for wanting to go to my room,\" he growled as he pushed the pieces back into their box. A game that had once been the focus of attention was now nothing but a chaotic mess in a box Kirby hid away on a shelf. \"Friend, how is that dusty closet a room?\" Radio laughed. \"If you want, you can always come up to the man-cave with Lampy and me.\" \"Man-cave? That's what you are calling the kid's bedroom now?\" \"You sleep in a closet?\" Miss Didi asked, voice hiding a small giggle. \"Is it comfy?\" He sneered. \"Very.\" \"Typically I sleep on the coffee table next to Muse, or the windowsill\" she shrugged. \"Mostly because he got upset that one time he woke up to see me snuggled up against him.\" Kirby rolled his eyes. \"If I found Radio sleeping next to me I'd be creeped out too.\" \"Oh no, it wasn't like that!\" Her eyes grew wide. \"Our relationship is purely platonic. He's just my best friend, and I had a bad dream… I tend to have those a lot.\" \"Too bad you can't get up and sleepwalk to a better one,\" Radio said with a tinge of laughter. The two exchanged glances and 'smiles.' Kirby continued preparing for bed, unaware of the reference's meaning. He hated this kind of 'squishy-lovey-dovey' stuff. It was never anything but infatuation that ended quickly, outside of the movies played on their old friend's screen. Besides, he was almost certain Radio's one true love was Teddy Roosevelt at this point. The two radios continued talking. It seemed as if Miss Didi was describing a war in France… or something. It was not as if Kirby actually cared enough to pay attention. \"Wow, I didn't know there were wars other than the big two! That is so fascinating,\" Radio exclaimed, Kirby and Miss Didi cringing. Kirby did not want to hear any more of this. \"Well, if you need anything, you know who to call.\" Radio nodded. \"Thank you for the offer-\" \"-In the morning, that is. You better not wake me up, Radio.\" His brow furrowed. \"Miss Didi, if you need anything, feel free to get me. You aren't nearly as annoying as him.\" She blushed. \"Why… why thank you! He isn't really that bad, though.\" \"You don't know him that well yet,\" Kirby laughed. \"Let's see if you still think that after years of putting up with the guy.\" Radio face-stubbed. \"Kirby, please. I am trying to win that bet here. Do you want to let the house go silent for so long and lose your chance at choosing tomorrow's station?\" \"What? What bet?\" \"Actually, yes, I would. No music I could choose would be better than not having you sing along off-beat.\" The two locked glare. \"And how did you hear that I won anyway?\" \"You know how good Radio hearing is?\" Radio turned to Miss Didi for confirmation, her nodding in response, but nothing else. \"If you hadn't been talking so much, I probably could have heard the very cards being shuffled from here.\" \"Yeah sure.\" Kirby groaned, looking around to see if the little bricks had left anything else out. \"No really! In fact, I hear you singing My Little Pony music over your vacuuming all the time! The only reason I- \"-Please, how am I supposed to believe that? You remember what AC said? ' Everything you say is a lie.' For once, he's right about something! Why don't you put your money where your mouth is and prove it! I'm tired of you and these stupid schemes.\" His stare grew more intense, motor revving. \"Or speaker, that is.\" \"Do you have to mention that right now?\" Radio's antenna straightened. \"Besides, you don't have to yell so loud.\" \"Maybe I do,\" Kirby yelled, trying his best to ignore Didi's look of fear in the corner of his eye. \"If you won't even step down from your high chair to speak to me like a decent person who deserves to date someone as nice as Miss Didi!\" All that came from Radio was a small squeak, the sound of channels changing. Miss Didi shot him her own look of disapproval, before hopping over to the little red brick. Radio's voice cut through the squeaks, laced with static. I sure hope he isn't… crying. \"Fine, I get it, alright? But at least I'm not a dew-dropper who takes all of his issues out on the rest of us! At least I'm trying to move on from-\" \"-Hey! I am the hardest worker of anyone here! Whenever it's time to do chores, you just dance and sing while the rest of us clean up. If it weren't for me, this place would have become a breeding ground for germs and dust and-\" \"-Leave us alone you idiotic dirtbag!\" Radio's voice was a screech, words hardly audible over static and squeaks. \"I can't help it! Because that's just what I am,\" he screamed, tears forming in his eyes to wet the carpet that never got cleaned enough. \"I was designed to be a dirtbag!\" The three looked to each other, each tense for a different reason. \"Fine, I'll go. Good night!\" He dashed to the door of his closet, hiding within its thick walls. Despite its small size, Kirby loved his closet. Its proximity to the boiler made it the warmest and coziest room in the house, something he needed at the moment. Pushing past old coats and human accessories, he curled up on the rug he called a bed. To his left was a shelf of bins filled with his favorite reminders of the kid he cared for, even if said kid never cared much for him. The bins on the right held an electric blanket for the nights when the boiler could not push back AC's chilling breath. It was not alive, something he was thankful for. Like with Radios, he did not know if he could stand two of them running around complaining and crying like pathetic babies. Having Didi in the house did not even seem so bad after considering the alternative. He settled down in his room, turning on a string of Christmas lights. It was good to be back, and despite his tears hitting the crocheted rug, he could not help but smile. Until his mind drifted back to the conversation only a minute or two ago. Radio's right, isn't he. I am just a dirt bag. I shouldn't be complaining about putting up with them when… they have to put up with me all the time. Were all vacuums like this? It sure seemed like that to him. That fight, even if it was nothing but a short squabble like the ones that happened at least once a week, was another reminder of how jerkish his kind could be. Kirby was a firm believer in the theory that one's personality was determined by an appliance, even accepting he'd be nothing more than a dirtbag. It's not my fault. I can't change, and neither can he. We'll just have to put up with each other. Punching the couch pillow he kept in his room, he tried to push the thoughts out of his mind. I need to think of a way to apologize to Miss Didi. I've probably scared her off. His eyes were heavy from the tears he had cried, something Radio would never understand. That little brat never has to worry about crying in front of people. But those sounds. The static he was making. Was that the radio form of tears? What if his words had pierced through his casing so hard he- You can deal with that tomorrow, you idiot! The voice in his head was screaming. You came in here to sleep, get on with it!\" Kirby settled down to a dreamless sleep within minutes.[Chapter 12] Guess what! This has now become my most reviewed fanfiction! Thank you all so much! ... Chapter 12: In This Dream, There is No Room for Spite The date had been going so well. Didi was explaining the French Revolution to him, a war he had no idea existed and that seemed almost seemed as interesting as the World Wars. Sure, they did not have his dearest Teddy Bear, but he would be looking into more about this for a future man-fiction. It had been around fifteen minutes since Kirby had burst in spewing insults and rage. Radio had no idea why he was so mad. He was always grumpy and irritated, but he never yelled like that. He did not know if it was something he said or did, or if he had a problem with Didi, but whatever it was, he did not feel like dealing with it at the moment. \"Look, I am so sorry for how my 'friend' has been behaving. I swear, this wasn't supposed to-\" Didi smiled. \"It's fine, okay? I understand. Things didn't go to plan, and that always gets people worked up. I just hope I haven't been a burden to you friendly people.\" \"No, of course not, dear!\" He tried to sound sweet and caring, like a shoulder she could cry on. Yet, she only tensed up when he said that. \"Would you please not call me dear?\" Her voice shook. \"I promise, you're great… but I just… I don't know how I feel about you.\" Radio was silent for a good thirty seconds, other than a couple of short and quiet squeaks. It felt as if his antenna and speakers had broken all of a sudden, giving him nothing to respond to or say. He felt nothing in his transformers except a heavy sadness he could not describe. \"Please, I promise it's not because of this… I promise I'm just weird… I promise you're a wonderful guy and all…\" He had thought for sure this was going to work out. They would visit whenever her master was out of town. They could go see movies, or hide in an arcade until after dark, or sit around playing chess and talking on a rainy day. He was going to have someone new to spend time with and talk to. \"Look, Radio, I've... changed a lot since the last time I went on a date. No matter how hard I tried, I never managed to feel anything for him besides friendship. I was hoping I'd be able to make things work with you. I was hoping I would love you like a… like a crush or a boyfriend, but nothing's happening.\" She had turned her dial down as low as it could go so only they could hear. Her voice came out as little more than a whisper. What did I do wrong? Were my stories not interesting enough?... Is lying really that big of a deal? \"Didi, I'm sorry,\" he muttered, finally managing to choke out the words, a volume matching hers. \"The only reason I told so many lies was to impress you.\" She looked down. \"It's not your fault! And I never minded that; your stories were so interesting, real or not. It's me. I guess I'll never be able to feel the sort of love I hear about on the Pop stations.\" It all sounds so… wonderful, and I just wanted to… see if I could take part. Is this a radio thing? Or an appliance thing? Can any of us feel romance?\" Her antenna curled around her. \"I hate this! I hate being this! I hear about 'love' and 'romance' and 'broken hearts' all the time, but I've never understood, and I guess now I'll never have the chance to learn!\" Now it was her turn to 'cry.' With speakers for eyes, no sound would ever come out, but Radio recognized the shrill sputters and static from when he got so upset he would. He believed it to be the radio equivalent, as others back in the Radioshack made similar noises when a friend got purchased. \"I - don't - understand! Why did - this - have - to happen - to us?\" Every word sounded like a channel was changed between us. \"Didi, calm down! You're breaking up on me!\" … Not the best choice of words. \"No! The - first date - is - not real romance!\" Her volume raised up a notch. \"Muse told - me it's a - trial period - at best.\" \"I mean you need to calm down so I can understand. The reality of the situation is that even with incredible radio hearing, it's hard to know what you're saying over the static.\" \"I'll try,\" she mumbled. Already a small bit of static cleared, the buzzing with it. \"And I'm sorry for wasting your time.\" \"Didi, here's a news flash you need to hear: I do not care if you want to date me or not.\" He could feel a smile come from within him. \"No radio I've ever met has been able to join all those dumb humans rambling on about romance. I joined that dating site as a joke, and when I saw you on it, I was only interested in meeting someone so educated on human history. I figured I could learn something from you.\" \"But then why did you call it a date? Or tell your friends I may be your girlfriend?\" He shrugged. \"I was hoping?\" \"Ditto,\" she nodded, leaning in for a hug. \"I wanted to learn more about being… this. But, it's pretty ironic, isn't it. We hear so much about love, yet…\" Radio laughed. \"Never understand? I know how you feel. But I guess it's something all appliances have. Humans are so complex.\" \"Trust me, I know,\" her laugh was low. \"I've sat through so many documentaries, and nothing humans do make sense.\" \"If it weren't for our dependence on batteries and outlets, appliances would have most likely taken over the world by now. At least a few of us are rational.\" \"Isn't that a good thought.\" The two turned to look out the window, where the rain was still falling, its pitter-patter blocking some of the static that rung through in all their thoughts. \"We can still be friends, right?\" \"Of course!\" He jumped up, antenna held high. \"You have the bravery to come miles for no reason but to see me, and just held the best conversation I've ever had. If I had a medal around here I'd be sure to give it to you.\" Didi yawned, eyes meeting Radio. \"Thanks, bud. Do you know what time is it?\" He tuned in, searching for a station announcing the time. All he got was weather reports and… Eight o'clock news with Sam Smith, coming at you! He turned the broadcast off. \"It's eight o'clock, apparently.\" \"Well, we still have plenty of time before bed, right? It's never fun to go to bed right after crying. Or making those ugly static sounds, I guess,\" she sighed. He nodded. \"Certainly.\" The two sat there for a moment, staring out the window and watching the rain fall. Radio could not tell what Didi thought of it, even with her much more expressive face. \"Do you like the sound?\" It sounded so dumb, and yet, he wanted to make more conversation about something other than their failed three-hour attempt at romance. \"Well, I used to. Now it gives me the chills, honestly,\" she shrugged. \"I sure hope I'm waterproof after all.\" Radio thought for a second. \"What's your brand? Maybe I can tell you.\" Didi laughed, not holding back. \"I have no idea.\" \"Me neither,\" he added, joining in. \"I guess next time I get taken to the repair shop, I'll listen in for that,\" she said. With another yawn, she added, \"I hope there isn't any thunder and lightning.\" \"I'm sure we'll make it through.\" Radio added. \"Yeah. It's nothing but fairies dancing. Just fairies dancing.\" The silver girl stared off into the window. \"Just… fairies? What does that mean?\" he asked. She giggled. \"Do you know what fairies are? I sure hope so.\" \"Well, I know that,\" he pouted, afraid his blush was showing through his crimson color. \"But what do you mean by fairies dancing?\" \"Ooh, it was an old story… my master always told the kids. You want to hear?\" Radio nodded. \"You're one step ahead of me.\" She thought for a moment. \"Well, before I lived in the mansion, I was living in a farmhouse. The family there was kind of like yours, with two older masters, but we had two girls instead of one boy. The younger one kept me in her room. She called me 'Macaroni' of all things!\" \"Anyway, she was very afraid of lightning. The thunder was even worse. Whenever there was a storm, she would cry herself to sleep, my music being the only comfort. That is until her mom found out.\" \"She told her this cute little story. All rain was water coming loose from clouds when fairies danced on them. Thunder was when they got a little too rambunctious in their dance. Lightning came from the crystal balls at the party. It was such a simple little thing, but it calmed the poor girl down, and she got to sleep without needing me. I didn't mind, though. I needed the sleep.\" Radio thought back to the time when he held a similar role. He would serenade the little boy whose dreams of superheroes saving helpless animals were disrupted by the thunder. Only difference was that it was his Dad who told him it was the angels in heaven cheering on God's game of baseball. While he hated to admit it, he kind of preferred the fairy story. \"What does that make hurricanes?\" he asked, laughing. Didi paused. \"I never thought of that. I guess a huge fancy ball or something? The kind with hundreds of guests dancing in unison, not counting the musicians, hosts… servants…\" \"And tornados would be the fairies in a rush to reach the party,\" he decided, her nodding in agreement. \"This could be a book or something. Or a radio drama! I could see it now!\" \"Eh, it's nothing more than a simple story Mom told me.\" \"Mom?\" \"Oh, right, she was the girl's mom, not mine,\" Didi sighed, turning away. \"I admired her just as much as her child did, I kind of called her my mom too. I hope that isn't too creepy.\" \"I won't judge,\" he assured her. \"Once I was talking with Air Conditioner, and I accidentally called the master a forecaster. I don't know why, but it became the subject of some hilarious drawings on the refrigerator courtesy of Lampy eavesdropping.\" He expected a laugh from Didi, but she was still. Her eyes were fixed to the window, her antenna drooping low. \"Hey, is everything alright?\" She didn't respond. Already, he felt a rush of energy jolt through him. \"Didi, please, are you okay? Do you need CPR?\" She shook her head. \"No.\" He couldn't tell what emotion she was feeling from her lowered voice. \"Good, because it would not work if I tried.\" His chuckle at the end did not serve to make her laugh as well. \"Radio, can I tell you something? It's… kind of a secret and I doubt you'll believe me, but… I think… I think you need to know.\" \"My volume is off,\" he muttered, leaning in for something to be whispered. Didi looked to the carpeted ground, around the blue wallpapered room, anywhere but him. \"I'm… not actually a radio.\" He laughed. \"Oh boy, what are you then? I sure hope you aren't a lie detector, cause I'd be in trouble.\" \"No!\" She finally looked him in the dial, antenna shooting straight up to the ceiling. \"This isn't a joke or a story, I promise.\" The tone in her voice was too strong to be a lie. Radio settled down, trying to keep both of them as calm as possible. \"What are you, then?\"[Chapter 13] Chapter 13: You Can't Wake Up, This is Not a Dream It was New Year's Day, and I had just gotten evicted from my apartment. My lovely, modern, human apartment. The only 'friend' I had in the big city I had left my carrot farming family for was a man by the name of Wendell, but nobody used anything except his nickname, Muse. We did know each other from High School but never talked much. We performed on Main Street, him with his cute little finger puppet shows, and I played the ukulele. While we didn't 'team up' to collab or anything, often we would recommend each other's art. Other than that, and him giving me half of his sandwich when nobody stopped by, we really didn't talk or know a lot about each other. Still, he was very friendly, buying me roses when he got more money than usual. So, when I was evicted, I figured I could ask him for help and maybe stay with him for a bit while I got back on my feet. Turns out, he lived in an RV on the edge of town. He was living off of donations and money from his mother alone. He assured me 'this was only until he got published,' and still let me stay and shared what little food he had. That went on for a couple days until we ran out of money and food. It was too late to go out and play, and the storm was getting worse and worse. It wasn't until the trailer was nearly snowed in until we realized we needed to do something. There was a mansion nearby… we did not want to be beggars, but… it was the last case scenario, alright? We trudged through the snow, and finding the mansion empty and unlocked, we decided to stay, just for the night. If they kicked us out, that was fine, but we assumed the owners were probably loaded selfish brats who inherited the wealth. They should be helping the 'mostly' homeless like us anyway. Muse and I took some bread and cheese, nothing we thought they'd miss too much, and we hid out in a warm study… argh, what were we thinking? I feel so bad now. Please understand I've learned. I'd never invade on someone else's property and… okay, I'll get on with it. When the owners got home, we would do about anything to make up for our intrusion. Play music in a private performance, wash dishes, even sit through ten hours of those stupid sitcoms grandmas force you to watch! An hour later, we were greeted by the lady living in the house with wings like cobwebs and dew extending from her back. She was more than overjoyed to have 'guests' for once. She made us the best soup I've ever had... through magic. With a wave of her hand, it was already cooking in the fireplace. I assumed I was so tired I was seeing things. She gave us blankets, and let us use their fancy bathrooms to clean up, with the promise that we would not engage with her husband. She would keep him from us as well. I was concerned, but Muse convinced me to accept. He was so tired of the cold, and we both needed to rest. Eventually, after multiple bowls of soup, warm pajamas, and even a few hundred dollars conjured for us each, the two of us drifted off to an easy sleep on the couch in the study, thinking we had it made. Late at night, we were shaken awake by a tall man. He too had wings, multiple fractures running through his. Fangs poked out of his mouth, his round eyes lined by bags. Metal icicles stuck out of his head like a tiara. He screamed at us for invading, his voice laced with the sound of crickets and cicadas. The two of us tried to escape, but he trapped us in some sort of force-field bubble. No matter how hard we punched and kicked, we could not break it down. Still, we could hear the man. He introduced himself as Mr. Gardner, a fairy who hated having visitors. We explained our situation, which somehow managed to calm him down. He let us out of the bubble, though made sure to keep the doors and windows sealed at the moment. He asked us more, a lot about our professions, and we were forced to admit that we were street performers. \" Wait, are you that girl who plays ukulele on Main Street?\" As soon as he asked yes, I was raised above the ground. He held me in his magic grip, heartbeat rushing and sweat falling. I could not move, and when Muse tried to pull me away, lightning threw him to the other side of the room. \"Please, put me down!\" I yelled, to no avail. Mr. Gardner snarled. \"Every single time I go into town, I have to listen to your incessant music! I am sick and tired of it!\" But then, his voice calmed. \"Still, my wife and child do enjoy both of you two and your little acts. Maybe you know a couple songs I may enjoy more than your current repertoire. Let me make you a deal: you perform for this family, and we will let you live here for as long as you need. How about that, human girl?\" I was so scared. My pulse was so high I could not feel it very well. I accepted, hoping he would have mercy on us. \" Perfect,\" his glare deepened. Looking into his eyes, I felt my limbs go limp. \"There is only one problem, though. I hate your kind, and to let a human stay in my house would be a sin. Besides, you think I have enough food for the five of us either way? My wife never cooks her soup! How did you get her to make it for you? Ugh, never mind!\" ... \" I promise this will not hurt.\" As his spell washed over me, I blacked out, but not before the feeling left my arms and body, my world dissipating into nothing but static. … A while later, I woke up, my vision taking a minute to adjust. In the back of my head, I heard multiple voices talking, songs playing, and static bearing over all of it. Even my own voice in my head sounded wrong, mixed with squeaking and screaming to be heard on top of the 'unwanted visitors.' I could feel my body again, but it felt… wrong. My limbs were so much shorter, I could not tell if I was sitting or standing, and something had grown out of my forehead. It seemed to be where all of my hearing was coming from, as I could not find any ears left. When my vision came back, I was still in Mr. Gardner's study, but everything had grown so huge. The man himself was standing over me. \"Good morning, Didi.\" \" What… happened?\" I muttered, before looking down at myself. I'm… still not exactly sure how to describe my surprise when I found out he had turned me into a radio. My small legs struggled to hold me in any position but straight upright, causing me to trip as I ran away. When I hit the coffee table he had left me on, the pain from the impact felt completely alien. Instead of my heart beating in fear, I felt electricity flow through me. I cried out in protest. \"This isn't funny! Please! Turn me back!\" All that came out was that hideous squeaking sound! I had no idea how to speak with this thing just yet. He laughed, before picking me up, the four stiff stubs that had become my arms and legs flapping around. He flipped a switch on my right side, and I solidified into complete stillness, music pouring out from my insides. It was so weird. These words I was not saying, sounds I was not making, were coming from my 'mouth,' and taking a prominent place in mind. There was nothing I could do, for several minutes, while he taunted. \"Oh Didi, have you not heard that you should never trust a fairy? Still, do not look so glum, you will have company.\" Turning the music off, allowing me to move again, he placed me next to a TV. It was one of those old TVs, the kind with antennas and the size of a lawn chair. It was playing an old black-and-white film with the volume turned down low. Please don't tell me that's Muse. Please don't tell me that's Muse! That can't be- \" Help me!\" He screamed as Mr. Gardner pressed a button on a remote controller. Two eyes took the place of the movie on his screen. It was, without a doubt, Muse's voice. At least, somehow it sounded like him, and I still understood, even though he too was speaking in squeaks and clicks. The look he gave me was… heart-wrenching, if that word is even appropriate to use any more. \"I can't walk or move anything other than these stupid antennae. You need to get help!\" \" How?\" My 'voice' trembled. Mr. Gardner bellowed \"it is a joy to see you two together. You are so adorable running around, thinking you can break a permanent curse ! I am going to enjoy keeping you around here.\" I turned to him, in the dear hope he may understand. \"You can't do this to us! We have families who will come looking for us!\" \" You are right! I am doomed!\" He rubbed his eyes in a mock of crying. \"They will certainly believe the unassuming TV and radio in the house of a man known to be innocent are you two.\" He leaned up to face the two of us, his head bigger than my entire body. \"I kept my side of the bargain. You two will get a place to stay, and you will be of great use to my family and me, so do not complain. I promise you will be quite comfy here, never having to worry about being in the cold or getting a job for the rest of your lives.\" Muse looked down to the cream-colored carpet, antennae drooping. He is the kind to give up, but I was not ready to just yet. \"That's... That's what you think! We'll get out of here soon, and bring you to justice! We'll-\" I could not finish my sentence, for he switched me back to another station. \"I guess I will have to keep checking in on this one.\" … It was later that night, hours later he finally let me go as he had to leave for lunch with his wife. Neither of us knew if she knew what had happened. We sure hoped she was not in on it the whole time. \" Muse, this is so… so weird!\" I tried to take a step, before falling flat on my speakers, a poor excuse for a face. His antennae twitched. \"I know, I know, alright? I'm having just as much trouble as you are.\" \" I keep hearing things,\" I muttered. \"Are you hearing things?\" \" No, not really, unless he chooses a channel.\" A shudder ran through him, not noticeable unless one was staring intently. \"That sounds so strange. I'm never going to get used to this.\" \" Don't talk like that! We won't have to get used to this! We'll convince his wife to turn us back; she seemed nice enough, and-\" \" Do you really think that'll work?\" He closed his eyes. \"He has the ability to curse people. All we've seen her do is make that delicious soup. Oh boy, that was good. Almost worth all of this.\" \" Almost good enough?\" I screeched. \"You need to take this seriously!\" \" Yeah, it wasn't that good.\" With a small laugh, he sighed. \"Didi, I'm scared too, alright. But-\" \" -There is nothing I can do.\" He was cut off by the voice of Ms. Gardner, opening the door. \"I… sincerely believed I could protect you from him. This is all my fault. I promise you that when-\" \" Ma'am, this is my fault,\" said Muse. \"I was the one who wanted to stay.\" \" No, it truly is mine, and I will strive to make things as… normal as possible while you are staying with us.\" \" Look, let's not pass the blame ball around. Let's just focus on fixing things\" The two nodded as best they could. \"Why can't you turn us back, though? You have powers too!\" \" Not as powerful as his,\" she sighed. \"He is the King of Fairies. He was forced to wed me, a rich noble and friend of the family but a common fairy with common magic nonetheless. When he was banished from our land, I was banished with him, despite my innocence and pleas for freedom. The two of us can only leave this forest for a total time of ten days a year. Most of the time, I am as stuck in this mansion as you are.\" \" Really?\" My voice, which was starting to return, cracked. \"He didn't turn you into a heap of plastic and force an antenna to grow out of your head! I can hardly think straight with all this noise!\" She was still. \"Noise?\" \" Yeah! All these stations playing at once… I can't tune it out!\" I jumped up and down in pure emotion, before losing my balance and falling. \"Wonderful! Just wonderful!\" A tear came from the lady's eye. \"I am so sorry you are going to have to… live like this.\" \" No, I won't!\" I covered my antenna, hoping to block out the sounds. \"You're going to fix me! You have to fix me! I can't spend the rest of my life as a radio! This is wrong! What will my parents think?\" She picked me up, petting my top. Somehow, my legs and antenna relaxed. The sound cleared, though only a small bit. \"See, it will all be fine, okay? The three of us are in this together.\" I wanted to say more, but I could see she was crying. This was her husband's fault, not hers. \" Ma'am, I understand,\" said Muse, from the TV stand he was stranded on. \"As uncomfortable as I am, I do not blame you, and if you cannot help us, your support is good enough. Still, I believe it would calm my companion if you would at least try.\" And she did try. For twenty minutes, she did nothing but try all the reversal and anthropomorphizing spells she could find in the books. Nothing worked. \"I am afraid the curse is as permanent as he claimed.\" At that point, I felt like crying. Of course, I could not cry without real eyes; nothing came out but hideous noises. The sun set again, the three of us together, with no idea on what to do. \" We can try new plans tomorrow,\" she grimaced, \"but for tonight, it would be best to sleep. Mr. Muse, would you like me to move you to the couch?\" \" I'm alright,\" he said. \"And, Muse is fine.\" \" Okay,\" she nodded, while I hopped over to the couch, wrapping up in the plaid blanket laid across it. Well, if he's not going to take it, I might as well. I knew no heat would come from this body, but I could hope it would work like the safety blanket back home. Not the apartment, but the farmhouse from my childhood. \" I wish you pleasant dreams, treasured guests.\" With a nod, she left, closing the door behind her. As soon as her footsteps ceased, I turned to Muse. \"How are you so… so okay with this?\" He said… he said- … … … Didi fell lifeless and unmoving without a chance to finish her story. …[Chapter 14] This chapter is pretty short, I know. I am sorry. But, I have wonderful news! Googlyeyesofwisdom on deviantArt has drawn some adorable fanart for Single Radios Near You. Links do not work on fanfiction, but if you go and search 'Brave Little Toaster' on deviantArt, you will find it. Thank you so much, Googly! Chapter 14: 'Til Then I Walk Alone \"Didi? Didi?\" Radio was frantic trying to wake her up. No amount of slapping her awake like he saw in the movies seemed to work. Okay, calm down Radio. You have nothing to fear. Only fear itself. Only… get her some new batteries… she will be up and at it faster than you can say 'improbable tale.' Radio was not sure to believe her or not. It did make sense, with her confusion towards things that felt so natural to every other radio he met before and vast knowledge of human culture, but at the same time, he was not one to believe in magic and spells. Sure, they were great in stories, perfect for year-spanning epics of battles and romance, but in real life, can I really trust her? He decided he would worry about that after he woke her up. Radio picked her up and placed her on his top, to carry her to the emergency batteries he kept in the kid's bed stand, in case his backup batteries ever failed in his sleep and could not leave the radius of the outlet he plugged into. If she had been one of his old buddies that he always exchanged teases and rude remarks with, he would have left her there and have retrieved the batteries no issue. As rude as Kirby was, he would never hurt anyone, none of them would. The worst that would happen would be some ill-timed washable graffiti, but he did not want to risk even that. Something inside of Radio kept him from leaving her behind. He picked up her plastic body, painted in a not-so-realistic silver, and began to drag her to the stairs. \"Don't worry, Didi. I promise I'll get you some new batteries. If you can still hear me, you can trust me, okay? It will be fine!\" The eyes on her speaker had faded away, leaving no indication of what she was thinking, or if she was thinking at all. All's well that end's well, right? Didi was even heavier than he was, weighing his steps to a slow crawl. Still, he could not leave the girl behind after all she had been through. What if this was more than batteries? What if the curse had finally taken full effect, and she had 'died' for real? What if she woke up, not even remembering her human life? If all of that was real… even if it was not, Radio was dying to know what was going on. He needed to make sure she wasn't. Her stiff antenna dragged on the carpet, making a path where he walked. No sounds could be heard from her, not a single squeak or static or any of the involuntary radio sounds he had heard her make. She has to be telling the truth. A real radio would already know her purpose. Besides, the lass is too kind to be a filthy liar. Radio grew tired from carrying her, even though he had not even made it out of the large, deserted room yet. Maybe if I just hoist her up, I'll be able to walk easier. Pulling closer, he placed Didi on his top face, making sure not to rest her on his alarm button, as he knew from experience that pressing it may make the journey impossible. Within ten seconds, he made it to the door. Okay Didi, only up the stairs, into the bedroom, and you'll be saved. Like a soldier of old being dragged away from the field… ...You do not have time for this! There he stood at the door, thinking of how to open it without loosening his antenna. \"Hey Radio! How's the date going?\" The door open, sending the two flying. In the corner of his vision, he saw Toaster, standing in the doorway. Radio fell to the ground. \"Hiya Slots! It's doing wonderful, in fact-\" … … … Didi fell down, still somewhat connected to his antenna, and hit him square on the alarm button. He hardly had time to think before he felt the world escape from beneath him. … Where so much conversation was before was now occupied by two unmoving and unspeaking radios, waiting for someone to come and fix things for them.[Chapter 15] Thank you to .71 for your gorgeous fanart! I am so glad my fanfiction is one of your favorites, and I love how cute you drew Didi. As before, you can go check it out on deviantArt by searching for Brave Little Toaster or Single Radios Near You. Chapter 15: Waking Up to Ash and Dust Toaster hopped over to the two radios. He knew that Lampy always turned Radio off when he got too annoying, but he always popped up a few seconds later. Now, he was sitting there, motionless. Didi seemed to be off as well, but she was not an alarm radio like Toaster's friend, so either something pressed her off button, or she ran out of batteries. First, he pressed Radio's alarm button, as that was the easiest to fix. \"Thank you, Slots,\" he groaned, waking up from the thirty-second nap. \"What happened?\" \"Well, Didi fell on top of you, and you turned off… what happened to her?\" They both turned to see her motionless body, lying on the ground. Without a second though, the two scrambled over to her. \"Oh no!\" Radio exclaimed. \"That's right! I was going to get batteries for her. She fell asleep in the middle of a… story she was telling me.\" \"Sounds interesting,\" said Toaster, hoisting her body on top of him. \"How about I carry her up for you?\" \"No, I am fine. Nothing's wrong.\" He tried to take her, but Toaster pushed him away. \"It seems your pride is a little injured, huh?\" The red radio took a step back, antenna curling. \"I just don't want to risk another incident like that.\" \"Fine,\" he muttered. With Toaster carrying her, the trip went much smoother, and soon the three were back in the Master's bedroom. On the bed, Blankey was fast asleep, while Lampy sat on top of him, reading an old book. \"Hey, what's up?\" \"Not so loud!\" Toaster whispered. Lampy rolled his eyes and continued with his reading. It appeared to be some dusty old classic from the older master's bedroom; not one of the kid's comic books or science textbook kept on the shelves. Radio hopped onto the bed stand, reaching into the shelf on it for something. \"Aha!\" His volume was turned down, but Lampy still glared. He can pretend not to care about Blankey all he wants, but he still wants him to get a good night's rest. Or he's just tired of Blankey's whining. Probably a fifty-fifty there. Radio returned holding an eight-pack of AAs. \"I keep these in the case of an emergency,\" he whispered. \"I hope they work for her.\" \"I'm sure it'll be fine,\" Toaster smiled, even though he himself was afraid she'd end up being a AAA, or even a D. Radio used the end of his antenna to pry the door off of her back. With a good tug, it came loose, but the batteries were covered by a small sheet of paper. \"What's this?\" All Toaster saw was a teddy bear and the scribbles humans called words. Lampy was the only one who could read, but they did not want to bother him at the moment, for how engaged in his reading he seemed. \"I guess we'll ask Didi?\" \"Yes,\" said Radio, taking out her old, generic, and thankfully AA batteries and replacing them with the ones the older masters said were simply the best. The two looked down for a moment, waiting for her to move. Toaster felt the warmth always burning within him cool a little, while Radio's feet shuffled. It took a tense ten seconds before they saw Didi twitch. \"Ugh… Muse… it's not morning yet… let me sleep, okay?\" Radio began to squeak, bouncing in the air. \"She's fine!\" Toaster tried to turn his volume down, but it was no use. Blankey had already woken up. \"Good morning, Radio,\" he mumbled, head already beginning to dip again. \"Good night…\" \"Wait, Blankey, can you read this for us?\" Toaster jumped onto the bed, holding the paper in his right handle. \"We found it in Didi's battery compartment.\" His eyes opened up to see the paper. \"It's a little… dark in here.\" \"No problem!\" In only a second Lampy was already standing tall above him. Radio climbed up the bed as well, hoisting Didi up first. \"I can… read it…\" her voice sounded even wearier than Blankey's. \"What are we even talking about?\" Toaster shook his head. \"No, you need to wake up a little more.\" Though stubborn, and looking as if she wanted to protest, she nodded. They waited for Blankey to read it, only to see he had just fallen asleep again. \"Fine, I'll read it.\" Lampy took the note with his cord. \" Dear Radio, your best friend has a gift for you! Enter this code to receive a free custom teddy bear!\" Didi's eyes grew wide. \"That's it! That's the present I was going to give you at the end of this thing. But how did you find it? It was in my… battery compartment… they died, didn't they?\" Radio nodded. She groaned. \"I got that set last week! How can I burn through them so fast?\" He shrugged. \"Maybe it is something to do with... what you were telling me earlier. Still, thank you for the teddy bear.\" She stood there for a moment, before remembering the previous conversation. \"I am so, so sorry I had to blank out just then! I know, that's truly the worst time for my batteries to die. I hope the wait hasn't been too long.\" Toaster turned to Radio. \"What were you talking about in there? I heard you yell at Kirby for a while, and then Didi started monologuing in a more edgy and slanted style than before.\" \"You were listening?\" She looked him in the eye. \"Wonderful! Just wonderful! Look, those things I said, I know it's improbable… but-\" \"I wasn't!\" Toaster laughed, with that reassuring grin Blankey savored, even in his half-asleep stupor. \"I'll leave you and Radio to… whatever you were doing before.\" \"Yeah, I was about to go do… something,\" muttered Lampy, hopping off of the bed. \"Wait, if you want to listen, that's…\" They had already left the room. \"...fine.\"[Chapter 16] Chapter Sixteen: Faithful Friend, Way Back When Didi turned to Radio. \"Thank you for sharing your batteries with me. I feel a lot better now.\" \"How were you feeling before? You looked fine,\" he asked. She shrugged. \"I don't know. Tired, I guess? I can never get enough sleep. No matter how hard I try, I always wake up a few hours later. Muse says it's the only relief he gets from my snoring.\" Radio tried his best to grin somehow, picking up the paper. \"I hope you'll sleep better here. When you are ready to hit the hay, we have this nice bed. Blankey will sure appreciate having someone to cuddle with.\" \"Wait, where will you sleep? I don't want to keep you up,\" she sighed. \"I sleep on the bedstand. That's where the Master always kept me.\" Radio began to laugh. \"Ah, that kid, always up at the rise of dawn like a real trooper.\" \"Oh, cool.\" She said with a laugh. \"Is that what… most radios do?\" He nodded. \"Yes, I believe so. Most appliances sleep where they are left.\" She did not respond. \"Now that I know your special circumstance, you can ask me any questions you desire, and I promise it will be held in utmost secrecy and security.\" \"Thanks,\" Didi giggled. \"You know, it feels wonderful to get that off my chest, or… whatever.\" Radio shuffled. \"Actually, would it be alright if I asked you a question?\" She nodded. \"Certainly. I don't mind.\" Didi paused for a moment, looking out the closed window at the midsummer sun beginning to set, with all its rich hues of carrot orange and strawberry pink. \"I'm really not as shy as I seem. I just have a hard time meeting new people, and personally, being too nervous to talk would achieve nothing but keeping you from a learning opportunity.\" \"That's… rather wise. Worthy of the headlines.\" Radio chuckled. \"So, what was your human life like? What did you like to do?\" \"Wow, you really believe me,\" she smiled. \"In hindsight, it was pretty nice. My younger sister and I would run around the fields of carrots, stretching for as far as the eye could see.\" \"We would make chains of dandelions, sing, and watch clouds in between sessions of carrot picking, and come home to Mom's delicious cake each afternoon. Other days, dad would drive us to the local library for storytime and paper crafts. Sometimes, we would even go get ice cream.\" \"There was this one playground on the edge of town where I swear, every time we went, I managed to find something interesting. An antique necklace, a couple dollars, once I found a fancy European chocolate.\" Didi laughed. \"I was young when that one happened, and needless to say, I got horrible food poisoning, and my family never let me forget.\" \"The coolest thing I ever found there was an old spoon. Not a cheap plastic one blown out of the trash like you'd expect, but a really fancy spoon with engravings and everything. That's what started my spoon collection, which over the years, grew to have hundreds of them. All types of spoons! Antique, brand new, collector's edition… I sure hope my family didn't get rid of them…\" \"...It was a really good life in the summer.\" \"Of course, school was a lot harder,\" Didi sighed. \"At school… wait, do you know what school is?\" Radio scratched at his alarm button. \"Well, I heard the master rambling on and complaining about it, but other than giving kids homework to occupy their precious time… I guess I do not.\" \"Imagine having to sit still in the same place for an hour, five times in a row.\" Radio did not react. \"And it was not because the master is around.\" \"Oh my, that does sound difficult,\" he finally agreed. \"Indeed. And the whole time, you can't just daydream or do what you'd like. You have to listen intently to whatever the boring old teacher is saying. If you don't pass the tests to see how much you remember, they make you stay even longer. And that's just the beginning of it. The food tastes like bricks and sponges, the other kids bully you without anyone stepping in, and the teachers can assign so much homework you never get a break, even at home.\" \"Sure, you hear some good stories. I always did enjoy history class, where we heard 'wonderful' stories about wars and violence and all the horrific things humans do when they get too much power, but it's really not worth all the stress.\" Radio nodded. \"If it is not for the master, I hate staying still. I'd rather be out fighting with gusto and energy than hanging around! I'm a man of action, you know.\" Didi rolled her eyes. \"I can tell. Anyway, other than school, life was a whole lot better than I gave it credit. As soon as I graduated, which is pretty much the school finally letting you leave for good, I got my own place and played my ukulele until the sun went down. It didn't make a lot of money, but I loved playing out on the street. That's how I met my best friend.\" \"You play the ukulele?\" Radio asked. \"Past tense,\" she sighed. \"I doubt I could anymore, without fingers to press the different strings.\" Her mind wandered to old memories, sitting out on the farmhouse's front porch, strumming in peace until her mother yelled for her to stop. You've been playing for hours, Durinda! Don't you think it's time for bed? It was the only thing that ever managed to clear the stress from her friend. He paused. \"If you would like to give it a try, I think I know where we have one around here. The Master tried for a little while but quit when it proved too difficult for a young kid. I assume it is still in the closet where he left it.\" Her eyes grew wide. \"Kirby's closet? After all that happened, I don't want to bother him.\" \"No, of course not! The closet up here,\" he laughed. Radio dashed to the door, struggling to open it. Didi followed, though her steps were not as fast. After a few failed attempts to stretch his antenna far enough, she picked him up, giving him the extra span he needed. The door opened to a shadowed space, which she assumed was only big enough for a single human, though as the light was fading away, she could not tell. A shiver ran through her. \"Is it in there?\" \"Our intrepid explorers find themselves at the entrance of an ancient tomb, not having been opened in years. They seek the Relic of Ukeland, but may find other treasured worth returning to the Queen,\" whispered Radio, pressing up the door to keep it from closing on them. He turned to her, stretching his antenna to the door. \"Ladies first.\" She took a step back. \"I can't.\" \"Why not? Is everything okay?\" He rushed up to her. \"This may be a bad time to tell you but… I'm actually really claustrophobic. The only thing that's been keeping me from losing my mind at Mr. Gardner's is how small I've become.\" \"That's fine,\" he nodded. \"I'll go retrieve it.\" She had braced herself for some sort of insult, or at the very best, the usual peer pressuring to just get over it! His kindness was, unfortunately, a surprise to her. Radio entered the small, threatening closet, while she pressed against the heavy door to keep it open. \"Here it is!\" he called back. \"Wonderful! Bring it out, and I can try to play something!\" She waited, beyond what seemed reasonable for carrying out a simple ukulele. It would not be something expensive. Considering the kid left it behind. It had to be one of those cheap yellow plastic ones that can be bought at Toys R Us for 20 dollars, and not a concert ukulele like the one she left in Muse's trailer. \"Um… Didi, I know you are scared, but would you mind helping me here? It's a bit… heavier than I expected!\" She groaned. \"I'll try.\" She tiptoed into the dark closet, finding Radio lifting the ukulele. She held up the fretboard and headstock, while he carried the plastic body. Of course, without anything to hold the door open, it began to shut. \"No no no no no!\" she muttered, rushing to the door, but not making it out in time. What little light they had was gone in a flash, and within an instant, Didi felt the walls closing in on her. \"No no no no… I… oh god…\" Already, electricity burned and flowed through her circuits. Her antenna twitched, all the while the hideous squeaks blast through her speaker. She yearned for some form of exit, turning and twisting, yet finding nothing that could be used. \"Stay calm, we will be rescued.\" Radio patted her on the back, only causing her to tense up more. \"In the morning, the others will notice we are gone and come looking for us.\" \"In the morning?\" She screeched, dropping the ukulele to the ground. \"That's hours away! I'm trapped in here… away from anyone who knows to look for me who actually could… what if I die here? My own sister could wander up to this house, find my body, and not even know it's me!\" She bashed against the door, hoping it would come free. \"Look, I really hate to be rude, but you need to calm down! Just hoist me up again, and I'll open the door.\" \"I'll try,\" she nodded, struggling to keep still as she pushed him onto her top. The extra weight pushing her down into the scratchy carpet only made her shiver more. \"Almost… got it… please, Didi, you need to stop shaking so much!\" She let lose another squeak. \"I said I'm trying!\" No matter how hard she tried, she could not manage to stop, and Radio fell off, hitting the soft ground with a softer pat. \"Well, looks like the explorers have encountered a dangerous booby trap,\" Radio muttered, falling flat on the ground, like when they first met. \"Would you help me up, please?\" \"That I can do.\" She pushed him onto his feet. \"I'm so sorry… It's ironic my fear is the thing... preventing us from getting... out of this place.\" Those words sent another chill through her. \"Why don't you stand on me?\" He suggested. \"I can stand still enough, I hope.\" She shook her head, even though it did little use in the soul-crushing darkness of the tiny closet. \"Your have a curved top. I wouldn't be able to balance. I probably couldn't even with a flat surface.\" Besides, what if I slipped and hit your alarm button? Wouldn't that hurt you?\" He groaned. \"Right. Last time was painful.\" \"What?\" \"Nevermind,\" he sighed.[Chapter 17] Chapter 17: The Wonder of Us I Sing of Tonight The two heard thrashing against the door of the closet. This closet was the smallest one in the house but more than big enough for him until morning. If those poor soldiers could wade through trenches and swamps, a simple closet is hardly a challenge. For Didi, however, the close walls and ever-present darkness must have been a prison. \"Blankey! Wake up! Get us - out of here!\" Her voice was desperate, the words beginning to break apart once again, cut through by static and the quick hush of censored words. \"Didi, please, that kid can sleep like a rock!\" He had to turn his volume up a notch to be heard over her strained yelling. That gave him an idea. \"Let's both turn our volume up as high as possible.\" \"What?\" She asked, shivering. \"Geez, that's gonna be painful.\" \"Still better than being trapped in here like rats!\" His voice gradually increased in volume, until his whisper was an involuntary shout. A rustle of metal and plastic confirmed she was following suit. The two radios called out as best they could. Both covered their antennas from the sound, speakers already growing sore. \"I'm coming!\" Blankey struggled to be heard over the two. Didi sighed in relief, turning her volume back down. The two waited in complete silence, listening for the sound of the twisting brass doorknob. Sure enough, it came, accompanied with the soft giggles of the dandelion blanket. As the door opened, Didi scurried out, wrapping Blankey in a tight hug. \"Thank you thank you thank you! You are the most wonderful blanket I have ever met!\" Her voice was no longer shaking. Radio stayed behind, taking the time to drag the ukulele out. \"Hey, I got the ukulele,\" he said with little emotion. \"Better not forget what we went in there for in the first place.\" She cringed. \"I am so, so sorry, Radio!\" \"No, it's fine. I'd rather you be safe out here,\" he laughed. Blankey yawned. \"Are you going to play it?\" \"Well, I can try.\" Didi grabbed the dusty old thing, struggling to support it with her thin antenna. \"Um… I don't know if I can strum.\" \"I've got it covered!\" He jumped to her side, antenna poised to make the four strings sing like nothing else heard before. Like the man Over the Rainbow man on the acoustic station. \"Just tell me when!\" Didi held down the rightmost string on the third fret with the tip of her antenna. \"Okay, try now!\" Radio dragged his own antenna against the strings, sending them vibrating and ringing. The sound so close to his 'ears' rung within his head, but it was a pleasant, welcome sound. It was not the dull roar of dead air, or the screech of channels being changed, or even the circuit-chilling screech of piccolos when the newscasters had the brilliant idea of broadcasting a school concert. This ukulele was something of beauty, and yet it was only a simple C chord. Even without knowing the different fingerings, Radio could hear the chord and recognize it. No other chord ended a song so wonderfully. He looked behind the ukulele to see if Didi was hearing the same thing he was. Sure enough, the fair lady was staring off into space. \"Woah…\" \"Are you okay?\" Blankey approached her, arms stretched out in a hug. In a quick snap, she nodded. \"Oh yes! That just sounded so… so…\" Radio tried his best to show a smirk. \"...Wonderful?\" Didi blushed, though her eyes proved she was smiling too. \"Wonderful.\" Blankey clapped. \"Can you play a song?\" Didi's back left foot tapped against the ground. \"I… don't remember any songs.\" \"But you're a radio!\" His eyes lowered in worry. \"Radio says all of you have perfect musical memory.\" She stepped back. \"It's a long story, buddy. Besides, I've never had all that good of a memory anyway.\" She turned to Radio. \"I'm honestly surprised I remembered the time to meet you.\" \"Who would we be without flaws?\" The red radio shrugged. \"Boring, that is.\" \"How about I tell you the story after we sing something?\" Didi suggested. Blankey nodded. \"Awesome. Now… for a song…\" Didi thought for a moment, making soft static purrs as she did. \"Okay. How about C, D, Am, A7?\" \"Sounds good to me!\" Didi switched between the different chords, while Radio strummed. Neither of them had a plan; both were sporadic and random when deciding to change pitch or rhythm, and neither of them cared. For such a melancholy set of chords, they managed to put life into it. She sang as they played, with nonsensical sounds that would make the Scatman jealous. Yet, he never saw her so happy. Even Blankey danced along to their music. He doubted they were playing correctly. Didi's antenna kept slipping, he kept getting his own caught between the strings. None of them cared at the moment. Radio danced along as best he could, letting the strange form of music flow through him. It was so odd to make music without using his speaker. Humans must do this all the time. Even though he knew humans could play music with fingers and their own vocal chords, he had no idea how good it felt. He always assumed it was like him playing music through his speakers, but playing this ukulele felt so… real. For once in his life, he had to admit he was jealous of them, and for something worth being jealous about. This was not war, or violence, or the adrenaline that came from surviving in tough situations and taking others down. This was a beauty. This was happiness. This was music. A 'human' was sharing a part of her culture with him for the first time. What else are we missing out on? He pushed those thoughts aside, focusing on Didi. It was so great to see her smiling. The poor girl had been through so much, and she finally had a chance to catch a break. All that pent-up energy was coming through… ...and it was wonderful. … I need to thank anyone who has read this far. This story is about to hit thirty thousand words, and that is just incredible! One thing I would like to state is that the Chapter 13 twist was planned from the beginning. If anyone is disappointed that Didi isn't a real radio, or that they are not going to end up dating for real, I apologize. Still, please know that I did not add that part for angst and suspense.[Chapter 18] Chapter 18: Since When Have Angels Helped Me Yet? Based on the angle of the shadows, the rosy hue shining from the window, and the breeze cooling down even as the rain pattered the ceiling and windowsill, Muse could tell it was sunset. He had finished his documentary, and yet she still was not home. Why on Earth did I talk her into this? How much of a fool can one be? The evening programs were taking the place of their more innocent relatives, while the crickets joined in the never ending song of static that seemed to surround the mansion like snow in winter, or dandelions in the spring. He had wished for a quiet evening to himself for a long time. One with cool breezes, gorgeous colors, and some nice movies to watch. Instead of feeling relaxed, and having a break from Didi's constant, anxious chatter, he found himself missing it. He was praying for someone to talk to. Maybe not even Didi. Mr. Gardner would make better company than these crickets. Playing babysitter for their stumbling human kid would be a pleasant evening at this point. His eyes closed, an attempt to shut out the small corner that had become his world. Just a few more days of this, and they will be back. He laughed. Who knows, maybe another squatter will stop by and they'll take her place… Muse frowned. He knew nobody could replace Didi's place in his heart, even as she was running off with some lying gentleman. Muse did not know what to do to keep himself busy until the Gardners came back and asked him where the radio was. He doubted he would give the usual 'we have names' response any more. Without her, they had no hope. No program left on held any intrigue. The sketchbook Didi had left him sat in its place, sitting and waiting for someone to pick it up off the old TV stand… you and me both, friend. But the sketchbook was not a real person. It held no secrets but a couple pages filled with the indecipherable scribbles she called 'art.' It was not an easy task drawing with antennae, and her only having one must have made the task near impossible, but even the stains little Theo left on his clothes were more aesthetically pleasing. Even when she had hands, their thick fingers and rough palms were better suited for strumming taut strings than drawing fine, elegant, swirling lines. Muse tried to turn away from the book. He did not want another reminder of her, and yet, he soon found himself opening it. The 'drawings' were as disorganized as she was, with five on one page, and ten more pages until another appeared. Most appeared to be people, none of whom he recognized. One looked kind of like him, but it could really be any other depressed box in her life. He grabbed for the pencil besides him. At least, he tried, but of course, she had forgotten to put it there. \"Fiddlesticks,\" he muttered, to no cricket in particular. On his other side was the other goodies she did remember. Mr. Gardner's iPod he forgot with half its power still remaining, a wild-west romance novel, a sci-fi romance novel, a novel that was so postmodern is transcended every genre yet still focused around the love triangle, the first two seasons of Perfect Strangers, a crayon pack from Olive Garden, the house phone, and the latest issue of Reader's Digest. As horrible a person, or fairy, as Mr. Gardner was, he did have good taste in magazines. Muse decided to entertain himself with the RD. It may be his last chance for a peak at the outside world. He looked through the paper, hoping to find something of interest. He did not care about small-town heroes who helped a boy get the bike he always wanted; they were happy little miracles that brightened someone's day, but had no meaning to anyone else. He did not want to hear about the declining state of politics; he never got around to voting as he simply did not care who ran the country as it was going to go crumble to ash and dust in the end either way. The jokes were amusing, but he found it harder and harder to laugh as their imprisonment stretched on. Muse considered going to sleep a bit early. Perhaps when he woke up, she would be there, waiting. No, she is gone. Either she is dead, or she left for good. There is no reason for her to stay, so why should she have to? Didi is happy now, or at least has a chance to be. Shouldn't I be happy for her? It was so, so much harder in practice than in theory. He put the Reader's Digest back on the stand, page still open and face-down to the All In a Day's Work. He sat in his spot, no different than the last three years, just waiting for something to happen, whether it be falling asleep, the Gardner's return, an anxious telemarketer… anything. Muse was not sure how much time had passed while he was waiting. The ticking of the clock hoisted on the right-side wall had long since faded into the static and the powdery cherry-brown paint that surrounded any respectable private study. Sitting there in the quiet, he heard something coming out of the window. At first, he assumed it was only his imagination. Either that, or a broadcast seeping through the cracks. He ignored it. Nothing but stressed nerves… or circuits… The chatter continued. \"Mom, we're almost out of the forest!\" It sounded like a young boy, his voice mixed with a shallow yawn. There was someone outside. … There was someone outside! Muse's eyes widened. Maybe there was some hope after all. If he could just call out loud enough, these people could call for help, and he would be free. Still a television most likely, as fairies were not something found every day, but by then, just a change of scenery would be welcome. \"Yes! Danny, you were right!\" replied a more mature voice, most likely the boy's mother. \"Let's not bother this house, but if we follow their driveway, we'll get out in no time.\" Okay, okay, calm down. He knew nothing would be achieved if he got too excited. Also, he had to act quick. He turned his volume up as far as it would go, turning the knob in a blink of an eye with a sharp twist. Pain shot through his face, but he did not care. \"Help me!\" he screamed. \"Help me, please!\" His speakers burned, aching like a sore throat. \"I'm trapped in here!\" His volume was loud enough to make Theo cry in agony if he had been in the room, or send Mr. Gardner into a blood-curdling rage for 'disrespect.' And yet, the family outdoors did not hear him. It must have been the rain keeping them from hearing him. He had forgotten how having antennae instead of ears did have one advantage: the exceptional hearing. Okay, I guess I'll just have to… climb over to the window. Despite his lack of legs, he could still stretch and bend a small bit. How he did not know, having always assumed it was magic. After all, Didi could move and run around the house. While the Gardner's were around, she often moved their spoons to strange places as some form of revenge. Maybe the bit he could move would be enough. He leaned off of the base, hoping he could fall over. It was only a couple of feet down to the floor, and the carpet would pad the fall. From there, he could scoot on over to the window. Even if the family had left by then, he would be free from the TV stand at last. And if it shattered his screen… at least Mr. Gardner may realize just how cruel he was. For a whole minute, he tried to shift his weight, but no matter how hard Muse tried, he could not get off the stand. He was too heavy to push himself anywhere. As he struggled, he heard the family drifting farther and farther away, until the crickets and raindrops consumed their voices. \"Please, come back,\" he sighed in desperation as his volume shifted down to its default dull roar. Of course, they would not hear him. Muse was left alone once again. The colorless cartoon eyes that took up his screen when no program was being displayed teared up. They squinted, as the fake tears began to flow. \"What did I do to deserve this?\" He asked, not expecting an answer and not receiving one. He hated this lifeless body. He hated this mansion. He hated Mr. Gardner, he hated the taunting window that only gave him a tiny corner of everything he once held so carelessly. Most of the time, he was just too worn down to notice anything but the bright sunshine yellows and amber glows Didi painted in his monochrome world. He could understand how someone like him could be contained within a small box, but Didi? How had her spirit not escaped by now? How could containing her even be possible? Muse sighed. Even the brightest flames can still be tamed. Once again, he picked up his Reader's Digest. He turned each page with the grace expected from the ballerina, his antennae perfectly poised with perfected movements. You are still a fool, after all this time. You know it is best just to give up hope. It was such a shame he had to get his hopes up, like his little plan would have worked. What would those people do then? Not like they could have unlocked the doors, or carried a heavy television down three floors. His mind drifted to arguments with the 'bros' back in High School, and the constant teasing for being so short. Even Didi as a human was bigger than him. At least he got to be the tall friend for once in his life.[Chapter 19] I have realised this story has turned out a lot more… angsty than I originally intended. I am going to try and return to the original comedic intention, so thank you to everyone who put up with those last six or so depressing chapters. For anyone who has not seen it yet, I have written a crossover with Lampi01's B Gone, Intruders! It is in the Brave Little Toaster fanfictions and is named Didi Dreams on the B-Side. It is not canon, but still some more with Didi and Muse in it. I recommend reading Lampi01's story, as it is funny and cute as well. If anyone wants to write a crossover or even just a fanfic within a fanfic with my characters, feel free! All I request is that you give me credit and keep it K or K Plus. I'd love to see what others have in mind for them, and any works will be mentioned in the next chapter written after the fan adventure's publication. ... Chapter 19: We Like the Moon What was supposed to be Didi's first successful date had pretty much become a sleepover at this point. So far, the three had various adventures within the one rooms, ones that hardly seemed worthy of mention, but she still did enjoy. Despite what one would expect, she was happy with this development. She never had a successful sleepover either. The time she stayed over at Inez Miller's house, she ended up starting a fight over who was June's best friend, and sprinted home crying halfway through the night. Not like staying there with her anxiety, insomnia, and weary nerves from staying in the small basement so long would be all that much better. The birthday cake was not even that good. Radio was on the computer, customizing the teddy bear he had bought her on Mr. Gardner's credit card. Didi was honestly surprised it had actually gone through with all of his frivolous spending. Blankey and Didi had been lounging on the bed. Even though it was old and the springs sagged in some areas, it was much softer than a coffee table or the tacky green loveseat. She stretched out her small legs while Blankey was lying on top of her. It was truly wonderful to feel warm for the first time in three years, protected from the early summer stormwinds. Didi had just finished telling Blankey her story of how she ended up one of them. He was more reactive and… expressive than Radio, often gasping or making her pause to ask questions. She did not mind. Again, it was great to get the story off of her chest, and it was an interesting story to tell. Blankey listened intent and focused to her entire recount. \"Wow,\" he muttered. \"You're so cool!\" Didi grinned. \"Why thank you! I just hope I'm as cool as you.\" Blankey blushed, smiling. \"Aww.\" The two were quiet, listening to the rain pounding on the walls, like two poor artists freezing in the winter cold, or at least a disoriented Roomba. Didi could not help but take a moment to imagine what Kirby would think of Roombas taking his business. Radio had his Superman headphones on, a sight that made Didi laugh every time she looked up to see it. She hoped he was not trying to ignore her, and was only more introverted than he seemed, needing a quick break from the conversation. Either that, or he had found some truly sick beats and wanted to listen to them before he forgot. She had to admit she was guilty of that too. Blankey yawned, settling down around Didi. \"Do humans like cuddles as much as I do?\" She shrugged. \"Some of us.\" With that, he frowned, looking dejected. \"Don't worry, I love hugs.\" Didi thought for a moment. \"Every day my Mom would send me out to school with a hug so tight I could hardly breath. Those were pretty annoying, but other than that, yeah, I like hugs. Muse is another story, though. You should have seen him on April Fools when I left that stuffed bunny...\" \"Most appliances don't like hugs,\" whimpered Blankey. \"Or warmth, for that matter. Sometimes I cuddle Radio in his sleep, and he gets mad.\" \"Well, Radio's just a big meany-pants then,\" she smirked, turning to see his reaction. There was no reaction to be seen. \"He's being proud, that's all.\" \"My antenna is burning,\" he grumbled, setting the childish headphones down. \"You know I have personal space issues, Blankey.\" \"Okay,\" he smiled. \"But if you ever want a hug…\" He nodded. \"Yeah yeah, I know.\" \"So, what are you listening too?\" Didi asked. Radio was quiet for a moment, not even scratching at his alarm button. \"Didi, can you keep a secret?\" \"Sure?\" she shrugged. \"Let me guess, you like country music?\" \"No! I mean, that's not the point.\" He hopped off the old office chair, landing on the foot of the bed. \"The thing is, I can't read.\" Didi was confused at first, but got thinking he probably never had a chance to learn. \"That makes sense. So you're using a text-to-speech or something?\" \"Wait, you're not going to dump me on the spot?\" \"Dude, we already agreed, we aren't dating any more!\" Didi and Blankey both laughed. He groaned. \"Can't a man engage in humor? Anyway, I just don't want you to think any lesser of me. Most appliances can't read, but… you're not an appliance.\" She sighed. \"Not all humans can read either. It's just another skill that has to be learned. I would teach you, but… I don't know how, especially in one night… we'd have to be the Flash to do that.\" \"Who's the Flash?\" Blankey asked. \"Oh, he's kind of like Superman, except his only power is superspeed, but he can run a whole lot faster than him so it kind of evens out...\" she struggled to recall the hero she only knew from collective pop culture knowledge. \"...I think he got turned into a puppet once.\" \"Interesting,\" said Radio. \"I will have to look up this 'Flash' fellow sometime.\" \"Lampy read me a couple comic books about him,\" yawned Blankey. \"He knows how to read?\" \"Oh yes! The Master had a habit of reading aloud, and Lampy, always looming above the book, eventually learned how to as well.\" Radio sat beside Didi, stretching his stubby legs in a similar fashion. \"That's how I learned sword fighting, after all.\" Blankey smirked, crossing his drooping, fluffy arms with skill Didi never managed. \"Did not!\" \"Did too!\" Didi began to laugh, hoping to cut them off before they erupted into a chorus of comebacks. \"So, the moon looks pretty big tonight, right?\" Radio turned to the window. \"It's too cloudy to see anything. Well, anything except the storm.\" To prove his point, another lightning bolt 'flashed' across where the moon should have been. \"Too bad,\" she grumbled. \"I love the moon. One of my favorite spoons had this gorgeous engraving of the moon cycle at the top. Too bad I had to sell that one to buy my ukulele.\" \"How did you start collecting spoons?\" asked Radio. Blankey nodded in agreement of curiosity. She grinned from speaker to speaker, as she loved telling the story. \"About a fifteen minute drive away from the farm was this large playground. My Pop would always take us up there in the summer, and somehow, every time I went, I found treasure.\" \"These treasures varied on the day. Sometimes it was a couple bucks, or an egg left behind from that Easter's egg hunt, even a small box of European truffles. Oh boy, I was sick for days after getting the bright idea to eat them.\" \"The first thing I ever found there, though, was a spoon. Not a fake plastic spoon like you'd expect to find blown around public parks, but a really fancy one. It was engraved with countless swirls, and the metal appeared to be old, like a dirty quarter, but in an elegant way.\" \"I showed it to Pop, and he agreed to keep it safe for me. That night, I decided I must be destined for spoons. I would be the Spoon Poseidon, with a spoon-dent instead of a trident and controlling trains instead of the ocean… even if it was a stupid childhood dream, a habit formed, and now, my collection back home is huge.\" \"I hope your parents are keeping it safe for you,\" said Blankey, another yawn coming through. He wrapped his hug a bit tighter, something she appreciated. \"You and me both, buddy,\" she sighed. \"But really, it's fine. I have a new one behind Muse's stand. He even keeps his fork collection there. \" Radio gasped. \"Wow, your friendship must be a match made in heaven!\" Blankey smiled. \"You can have some of ours if you want. I'm sure the Master won't mind.\" \"Really?\" They both nodded. \"I am truly honored!\" \"Let's save that for tomorrow though, alright?\" suggested Radio. \"I bet we can all agree it's getting around bedtime.\" Didi and Blankey both pulled their faces with the biggest eyes and cutest pouts. \"Please, can we stay up a little longer?\" He chuckled. \"Hit the hay whenever you want, I'm just getting tired, that's all.\" \"Me too,\" she yawned, adjusting her position in Blankey's embrace to be a support as she reclined. \"It must be way past your bedtime, little buddy.\" Blankey nodded. \"At least a few hours.\" \"Geez, Toaster is going to kill me tomorrow,\" joked Radio, antenna bent to his back like a human holding their head. \"I'll be burned and out with the trash by eight, nine if I'm lucky. There won't be anyone to play music tomorrow. I guess AC will have to take up my job. I hope he can sing.\" \"Don't worry, I'll make sure they don't,\" Didi smiled. \"Besides, after all that's happened, I doubt Toaster will want to do chores any more anyway.\" Blankey's eyes grew wide. \"You really think so?\" \"I don't know. I guess? That's how my Pop always was. Mom was another story though…\" \"Same with the Master's Mom,\" added Radio. \"She had a memory like a hawk.\" Didi had to keep from laughing. \"Isn't it vision like a hawk?\" He blushed. \"Nevermind all that. Either way, she never forgot his chores, something only Kirby was thankful for.\" Didi and Blankey both cringed at the mention of his name. Radio did not notice. The three continued talking for a while, Didi's eyes slowly lowering. For the first time in a while, her transition from sleep was easy, lulled off by the two's friendly chatter.[Chapter 20] Chapter 20: You're From a Whole 'Nother World Radio had been sleeping when a rustling noise woke him. At first, he assumed it was a stray cat, or perhaps, a gaggle of stray spiders. Either seemed possible, but the last possibility sent a chill through his circuitry. As his vision came into focus, as if he was opening the eyes he did not have but would be gorgeous if he did, he was relieved to see Didi having left Blankey's warm, soft, and suffocating embrace and standing by the open window. She stretched her antenna with poise, holding it outside the walls of the cabin, so chances are it was not raining anymore. At least not that hard. Didi was mumbling something to herself, a song, but one he did not recognize it. \"Didi, are you alright?\" His voice caused her to bounce back, almost losing her balance on the edge of the windowsill. \"Oh my, I apologize!\" She turned to face him. \"No, I'm sorry for waking you. I… I was getting a bit claustrophobic, that's all. It stopped raining at least, I guess.\" \"That is a good sign!\" He hopped off of his bedstand, landing next to her on the wooden ledge. \"If the skies stay clear, we should be able to get you home by sunrise!\" \"How?\" Her eyes lowered. \"Without Kirby, I might have some trouble getting back.\" Radio paused. \"You… do have a point there.\" \"Too bad I forgot to look up that cab,\" she turned to face the window once again. \"I mean, I know you said you would, but I could have reminded you, or… ugh, I'm so stupid!\" \"Didi, you're one of the brightest girls I have ever had the honor of meeting,\" he said, giving her a pat on the back. \"Except for Lampy, of course.\" She snickered. \"Yeah, he's a bright girl, alright.\" \"You know what I mean.\" \"Yeah, yeah.\" The two were silent for a moment, taking in the view from the upper floor of the old house, the one where 'humans' had not set foot in years. The grass where Radio's young boy spent his summers chasing imaginary soldiers, rolling down the mild hills as if they were steep inclines, and running away from 'God's baseball games' stretched out before them. They were bordered by the forest of countless evergreen trees, capped by the splattered indigo night that seemed infinite to the small beings that would only exist for a blink of an eye compared to it. Didi did not understand the significance of the fields. He guessed she thought of them as pretty, as nothing more. The dandelions came and went generation after generation as the grass stretched farther to the sky, the winter snow the only thing keeping them back. \"Hasn't been mowed in a while, eh?\" \"No,\" he sighed. \"Truly a horrible sight to see, isn't it. I hate to watch the Master's home be… forgotten like this!\" \"I hate mowing, but I still want to mow the living daylights out of that field.\" She laughed. \"I crashed a lawnmower once. Right into the fence Dad had painted a couple days ago and scratched up the mower. Needless to say, I was grounded for weeks. \" Radio paused. \"That's a bummer. Our boy was always too young to mow, but we had to tolerate the noise of it! The rumbling like approaching tanks, the growl like that of a lion.\" \"Ugh, I hate that noise.\" Didi sighed. \"Whenever we drove past the suburbs, it seemed like there was a rule that at least one person had to be mowing at all times. I guess if they didn't keep the dandelions at bay, those little rascal weeds would revolt.\" He snickered. \"If you think it's bad as a human, try listening to it as a radio. \" She groaned, giving him a small punch with her left front leg. It felt like a small tap against the plastic shell. \"For living in a forest miles away from anyone else, Mr. Gardner sure takes good care of his lawn, and the sound is almost deafening! How can my hearing be so good now?\" \"Antennas,\" he stated, trying to sound reassuring. \"Antennas work better than any human ear ever could. That's why they build us; they can't hear radio waves themselves.\" She shuffled, turning to face him once again. \"I've been meaning to ask you… what is it like to be a radio? A real radio, I mean.\" Radio had never thought about that question too much. Kirby was the only one who seemed to care how they were 'supposed' to act and be like. Then again, he did understand things the others did not and vice versa. \"I've been a radio all my life. I'm not sure I'm the best to ask.\" Didi shrugged, a small laugh building in her speakers. \"Good point. Really, you should be the one asking me all the questions.\" He hesitated, turning to his own four feet. \"Well, if you are fine with me being this forward, what is eating like? I have heard such interesting things about it.\" \"We chew on the food with our mouths, pretty much an opening to the body, and we taste it too! Different foods have different tastes. Some are meaty, some are sour...\" she seemed to notice his confusion. \"It's like smelling, but a lot more intimate. You smell it inside of your mouth.\" He nodded, not exactly understanding her descriptions of 'taste' and 'smell,' but not wanting to discourage her either. She continued to ramble on in her playful soprano voice. \"Maybe that's not the best description for someone who has never tasted before, but… my favorite foods to eat taste really sweet. Like the scent of a Yankee Candle, or… geez, I don't want to think about eating a candle...\" \"...Anyway, once the food is swallowed, it passes through the body. A little like being plugged into an outlet, Muse tells me, but I'm battery-powered, you see.\" \"Don't worry about that,\" he laughed. \"I have a cord, but don't tell this to anyone... I'm battery powered as well.\" Her eyes grew wide \"Is that some sort of disgrace in radio culture?\" He bent his body, hoping to form a smirk with the lines of his grill. \"Nah, I'm just messing with you. It's actually pretty honorable. Those of us with batteries will lead the humans through the apocalypse. If it ever comes, I hope to be a hero in the new world we emerge to see.\" \"At least if those EAS warnings ever come for real. Other than the painful weekly tests, I only ever hear them as Youtube simulations.\" \"You listen to those too? I thought I was the only one!\" She blushed. \"Yeah, I know it's weird, but… it's a pretty interesting way to present an apocalypse story. I just wish there was some more variety than 'nuclear war' and the like.\" Radio nodded. \"Agreed.\" Didi was quiet for a couple of seconds. \"Would you happen to know what time it is?\" Within in an instant, quicker than it took her to ask, the time popped into his head. \"12:45.\" She seemed astonished with his speed. \"I happen to be an alarm clock as well.\" \"That reminds me… I did have a question.\" She giggled. \"Why is your name Radio? Is it anything special, an appliance thing… I mean, Kirby isn't just vacuum. \" \"Vacuum isn't that good of a name. Radio is, however.\" He had to keep himself from laughing at his own poor excuse of a joke. \"And who wouldn't want a name like Toaster? \" \"That was sarcasm, right? Sometimes it's hard for me to tell,\" she muttered. He nodded. \"Yep. In all honesty, it's just the name the Master called me. Most of us get our names from the young kids who care for us, and ours… wasn't the most creative at the time.\" \"Human names are… a bit more interesting. Take mine, for example. My name is Durinda. Durinda Dorrie. No wonder I go by Didi, yeah, I know.\" Radio didn't laugh or tease such an uncommon name. \"I think it's kind of cute, actually.\" Didi rolled her eyes. \"Okay, just don't go using it all over the place.\" \"When I first met you, I had assumed 'Didi' came from 'radio' as well. As in, ra-di-di-o.\" Her eyes grew wide, antenna dropping. \"That's… oh, mother of spoons. It's a pun now, isn't it.\" The two continued their conversation for a while, watching the indigo sky be marbled with the silver swirls of stardust. He soon lost track of time, and she as well. Eventually, she began to yawn again and returned to the dusty old bed. Blankey did never even blinked or noticed she had left. Radio took his place on the bedstand, happy to have a 'human' using the bed once again, and an actual excuse to wake the others up with his alarm, not just to annoy Lampy and get him agitated enough for a 'swordfight.' He settled down onto his feet into his default position, vision turning off. He had a feeling it was going to be a long day when he woke up again.[Chapter 21] Chapter 21: Wake Me Up When It's All Over AC had begun to wake up, though the nighttime breeze was still heavy upon his back. He looked around and based on the low light, it could not be morning yet. The rain had also ceased, no longer falling so painful on his back. He decided he would go back to sleep. Not like there's much else for me in this dump. His eyes lowered without any hesitation. That was until he heard muffled tapping across the carpet floor. \"Didi and Radio wandered off all of a sudden.\" Lampy hopped up to him, eyes locking despite the difference in height. \"You happen to have seen them?\" \"We're back to that dumb date again?\" AC groaned, remembering the events of last night. \"No, I have not. I thought they were off in the kid's room having a 'meaningful' little chit-chat. Like he talks about anything relevant. Then again, we would have heard their annoying voices drone on and on.\" Lampy shrugged. \"I've been looking for them ever since I woke up. Radio didn't start broadcasting at six as usual!\" \"What time is it now?\" \"I think… a little past... five, I think.\" AC sighed, wishing he could turn away from the dim lamp. \"Get this through your thick shade: only wake me up when it's something important, ok?\" Lampy rolled his eyes. \"Well, I'm sorry for just being concerned about them. How awful, really.\" He left the room, his bounces growing softer and softer as AC's mind drifted farther and farther away from the world. He could just imagine them, with Radio's smug… face. They ran around so cheerfully, keeping him away from the first new conversation in years. AC longed for somebody new to talk to, but she only had a chance to introduce herself. He wanted to hear what was going on somewhere outside his small world. He had no idea that she was longing for just the same. She just had to leave early.[Chapter 22] I apologize for this chapter taking so long, but thank you for bearing with me! I also have a wonderful announcement! Lampi01 has started writing a fanfiction for this fanfiction! I love a good dose of things within things, so a fanfic for a fanfic is just… incredible! Thank you so much, and anyone else reading, please check out The Radio, The Magnet, and the Ceiling Lamp. It also features the magnet from the 'Worthless' scene and interesting (still) human OCs as well. I'd give it the Blue Raspberry Ametrine stamp of approval even if it wasn't for my character, but that's just the icing on the cake. The icing on a delicious Dorrie Family Brand Carrot Cake, that is. Chapter 22: Living in the Sunlight The clock had not yet struck six, and already the two radios were headed out to the mansion only a couple of cities away. At their size, the human streets were an ocean to cross. \"Here's the plan,\" said Radio, pulling out the skateboard that had not been ridden in years. \"I will get the kid's RC car, tie it to this thing, and I'll lead us to the city. Then, you take over, and lead us to the mansion, alright?\" Didi nodded, climbing aboard. \"Do you think we'll have enough power?\" He laughed. \"Trust me, he would play with this thing for hours, and I never saw him cease to resupply any batteries.\" \"If we need some more power,\" she sighed, \"take the ones you gave me. They're still pretty new, and even though I burn through them pretty quickly-\" \"I appreciate your sacrifice, but that's won't be necessary. Besides, you're the one who knows the way to the mansion.\" \"...Right.\" Once Radio returned with the RC and a couple of rubber bands, the two spent a good five minutes securing it to the skateboard in a way that would still allow it to pull them. Didi was filled with relief when she heard her new friend call out with a \"that ought to do it.\" \"I hope so.\" \"Have you chosen the silverware you want to keep?\" She nodded, picking up the fork and spoon lying next to the skateboard. \"You're still cool with me taking it, though?\" \"It's not like we appliances have any true use for it,\" he sighed, getting situated on the front of the skateboard. He pulled a ratty pink scarf from the basement floor with him, using it as a seat to recline on. \"Come aboard, miss, and prepare for the SS Skateboard's maiden voyage!\" \"I sure hope this doesn't end up like the Titanic.\" He chuckled, pressing on the remote control, the wheels of the car beginning to roll, pulling them along. \"Of course not! On this ship, we have everything except the kitchen 'sink!\" \"...oh my gosh.\" Didi knew it was a stupid joke. The kind Muse would roll his eyes at yet still laugh at himself a few days later. She could not help but laugh as well a few seconds later. She grinned. \"That would certainly be a bad 'sink'-uence of events!\" They rolled down the hill and into the forest. Following the dirt road which the kid's driveway branched off from, they were faced with tall evergreens and even a couple of willows. To Didi, they seemed like giants looming over her, even if the tallest of them couldn't be more than thirty feet. Even the thin blades of the grass that hadn't been touched in a few months was taller than her. She hated the feeling, that feeling of being small, that feeling of being helpless and nothing but something to ignore in comparison. She longed for her old height back; she was actually quite tall as a human, the tip of Muse's head only coming up to her eyes. Maple syrup eyes, as he described them. If she was taller, maybe the forest wouldn't seem so big and intimidating, locking her away from the sky above. Then again, the size made it easier for her to stay calm. She knew she did not need to worry about being trapped, as chances are any holes and escape routes would be big enough. The trees soon made way to the main road, opening up a wide field. The blue sky above was dotted with cotton-candy clouds, still a bit pink from the sunrise. A full moon was still visible, probably just too lazy to leave the sky already, and make way for the sun. As they passed a patch of wildflowers, fat and fuzzy bees buzzed near her antenna, it snapping to swat them away despite her best attempts to control it, as she knew they could not hurt her, and only wanted to drink nectar and get on with life. She laughed at the image of Frogger, her younger sister's pet horse, waving his sand-colored tail in a similar way. Didi wished she had a flower to offer them or at least something to give. A thank you for their pollination that kept her crops alive. Mom did say carrots made a grassy type of honey… that means bees pollinate carrots, right? Either way, she was never afraid of the bugs. She even found it funny when they floated around in a half-asleep stupor, with the cute fluff on their necks like a neck pillow and their stripes like her sister's hand-me-down pajamas from Aunt Jane. All she could offer at the moment was music, and she doubted bees cared for that sort of thing. \"Don't feel bad,\" said Radio, turning to her, almost as if he could read her mind. \"I'm sure they understand you don't mean to hurt them.\" He himself twitched in response to one. \"Besides, keeping them away from the car might be for their best interest. I've heard that the bees are endangered, and we don't want running over one weighing on our conscious, right?\" \"Yeah, I already feel so horrible for leaving Muse this long… I left him stuff, but what if he gets bored? What if he thinks… Oh god! He must think I left without him! He probably hates me now!\" Radio sighed, pulling her in for a hug. \"I doubt he will hate you. He may be a bit annoyed… in fact, he's probably furious.\" Didi shivered. \"But I bet he'll be overjoyed to see you coming home.\" \"I wish I had the same confidence.\" He thought for a moment. \"You know him better than I. A whole lot better. Is he a forgiving man?\" \"Well, to me, and surprisingly to Theo even after that... raspberry jam incident. And I have that fork as an apology… I hope he's alright.\" Didi could not help but let out a small laugh, even if it was accompanied by another squeak. \"He probably just slept through the whole thing. Muse could sleep through the apocalypse and still wake up tired.\" \"We will arrive in a few hours, I believe,\" he muttered, checking the rubber band ropes to make sure they were not tearing. Thankfully, they remained intact. \"I did not expect this car to be so slow.\" \"It's fine, really.\" Didi looked up to the sky, trying to make sense of the clouds, and figure out which ones looked like horses and which one looked like puppies. \"Hey, Radio, is it just me, or does that one cloud look like a fan?\" \"That one?\" He pointed to the wrong cloud. \"Looks more like a blender to me.\" She shook her head. \"The one to the left of it. It looks like a table fan, the kind you'd find on someone's desk, and I bet it's just ready to clear all the other clouds away with its breeze.\" Radio shrugged. \"I still see a blender.\" Didi reclined on the other side of the old scarf worn down by years of use and faded from numerous washings. She was faced backward, seeing the road and the forest moving back from her, and all the cracks in the road. \"Do you have an estimate on when we'll reach the city?\" \"I doubt it will be too long! Besides, even if it does take a while, we can still enjoy the lovely view! It's been so long since I felt the sun on my casing.\" \"Same,\" she laughed. \"I think the last time was when Ms. Gardner had a garden party.\" \"Don't you mean a gardner party?\" She rolled her eyes. \"Nobody likes name puns, Radio.\" \"Coming from Miss Ra-Di-di-o over here.\" \"Please don't call me that.\" Radio chuckled. \"Fine, fine.\" They continued to gaze into the fields around them, flowers swaying in the soft breeze, calling the bees away from the two little radios and into their sweet embrace. He reached out to pick a nearby sunflower, but the skateboard passed by too fast for him to get a grip. \"I think the last time I was outside on a real sunny day was when the Master's mom decided it was time for a picnic. That was certainly an… interesting endeavor.\" \"Tell me more.\" Didi did not even wait before asking for him to continue. \"The kid was running around with a bright green kite, that looked kind of like a hang glider for some reason. After a long bought of running and turning and praying, no breeze came his way. I watched as his mother laughed with him in his attempts. Eventually, a big enough gust did come just before he was going to give up. It picked up the kite and the picnic towel with it. I was the only thing besides the food keeping it down, and it all went flying. It was a glorious ten seconds!\" \"Of course, I had a rather bad crash-landing. I don't remember anything after that, other than waking up in an electronics repair shop. Lampy later told me how the Mistress wanted to buy him a new Radio, but he would not stop crying until they got me fixed.\" Didi was still for a moment, trying to find the right words to say. \"Radio, I'm sorry if this is a bit… private, but when you go to the repair shop, what happens? I mean, I know you don't remember, but in general, and… argh! I sound so stupid, don't I. I think Mr. Gardner took us there after the raspberry jam incident, but both of us were turned off the whole time.\" \"It's not too different from a human medic, or at least I've heard from Lampy and the nurses in war movies,\" he shrugged. \"They check your wires, your antenna, replace your batteries, and if something's broken it gets replaced. Maybe you get a paint job if it's starting to chip. Unlike with humans, that sort of thing isn't a big deal for us. Appliances aren't as easily embarrassed.\" \"Certainly… awkward. Sounds a lot more painful than a human doctor. Does it hurt?\" \"Not really, but what happens at the human doctors? Do you have to get amputated there or-\" \"No, no! It's not that bad!\" Her eyes were wide. \"You just get stabbed with needles they said wouldn't hurt, and there's this thing that goes around your arm and tries to choke it… that one's pretty painful. The blood draws are the worst, though! As a kid, the kind ladies would have to hold me down as I tried to escape.\" She chuckled at the memory, of how scary the doctors and nurses were back then, but now were nothing but a distant dream from another life to laugh at. \"Are you certain you don't get even a little amputated?\" \"Are you certain the sun's not messing with your circuits?\" He turned around to face her, as the car was headed for a long path with no necessary turns, and did not require his full attention. \"I believe I am fine and dandy. Unless an EAS warning decides to start playing.\" \"Ugh, those are just wonderful literal interruptions. And I thought at least I won't get headaches!\" Radio did not respond to her comment. She wondered if she had said something wrong, some obscure appliance swears, and was about to apologize for whatever it was, until she heard \"Didi, mind if I ask you a question?\" \"No, not at all!\" She was overjoyed to hear he was not mad. \"You have a crack under your left speaker. How did you get it?\" She knew what he was talking about. She looked down to see the small crack, one that never got painted over or sealed, and despite its size, she was still surprised he never noticed it until now. He reached out his antenna, about to touch it. No pain came from the plastic scar, but she still pulled away. Her mind scrambled for a story. \"Umm… I'm not really sure. I guess I got it after Theo threw me against the wall that one time? It wasn't really his fault, he was still pretty young and his grip wasn't that good. I didn't notice it for a while either.\" \"I'm getting a news report!\" His antenna shot up into the air. \"The silver lady has been injured on the front line, but we honor her sacrifice for the human children. President Roosevelt will be-\" \"It's not that big of a deal,\" she groaned. \"I don't even feel it anymore. It's just a scar.\" Radio sighed. \"I hope it gets fixed soon. It sure looks painful.\" She reached up to touch it with her left front leg, feeling the sharp crack, only noticeable in the bright light but was a path that was easy to find. Her left speaker was still supported; the crack was nothing but a cut that could not heal in a plastic form, and not the canyon Radio made it out to be. \"Please, I am fine. Don't worry about me. I'll keep it clean, make sure it doesn't get worse, all that wonderful stuff.\" She smiled, him nodding, before turning back to the road. It was a long drive to the next city, but as long as the sun continued to shine on her, and Radio didn't ask any more about the cut, she was sure she'd be fine.[Chapter 23] Chapter 23: Somebody to Love \"How did you get playing the ukulele in the first place?\" asked Radio as the SS Skateboard was approaching the concrete road that would take them to the city's edge. Didi shrugged. \"Eighth grade, I think?\" He did not know this term, which Didi recognized. \"It's like… right before you go to High School and become an official teenager.\" \"Our kid left in middle school. He was still a fan of Superman and all the other fictional heroes.\" She grinned. \"You know, Superman actually tried to join the war effort in the comics.\" He turned, always excited by the topic of war. \"Why wouldn't they accept Superman on the spot? Sounds like a waste to me.\" \"His X-Ray vision prevented him from doing well on the eye test.\" \"Too bad, really. I bet a weapon like Superman would end the war on the spot.\" Didi chuckled, patting him on the back. \"Yeah, sure. America comes stomping in, yelling We've got a magic alien man who can fly, dodge bullets, and shoot lasers out of his eyes! You better stand down or else! That would definitely end the war.\" The two watched as the flowers and green grass faded into sandy dirt. The trees were exchanged for brick buildings, short at first, but growing higher and higher as they entered the city, which could not have been a few miles from the forest, but took at least an hour to reach. It was not a large city, and none of the buildings could have been more than ten stories, but it was still the largest on Didi had seen in awhile. Her journey to the movie theater was through the forest, and seemed months ago, even though it was just yesterday. \"Didi, mind if we take a short break?\" The car was rolling to a pause. \"We've been sitting here for a while; I'd like to stretch my legs.\" \"I was just thinking the same thing,\" she nodded. \"But how about we go under that bus stop over there? It's shady, and I don't see anyone there.\" \"That's a great idea!\" He said, starting the skateboard up again. \"My antenna's getting a bit overheated anyway.\" The two parked their skateboard within the shady embrace of the bus stop. The glass windows were plastered with posters for a concert in the opera house and the local Aubuchon's. The concrete beneath her was much harder than the bed back in that kid's bedroom or even the dusty road from before, but she was overjoyed to be making progress. She was certain this would be the only time in her entire life she was happy to go to Mr. Gardner's mansion. Left in the bus stop was a boombox, painted silver like Didi but in a darker shade. It appeared as though its antenna was moving. Twitching slowly, like a metronome or the tail of a dog. \"You two… what are you doing out here? You're… moving!\" His voice was gravelly and high-pitched, nothing like she would expect another musical creature to sound like. His cassette holder moved like a mouth, even if he was talking through speakers just like both of them. \"The humans might see you!\" Didi took a step back, not expecting him to awaken all of a sudden. Radio approached instead. \"Who are you, sir?\" \"Denny Jeff. That's my name, and music is my game.\" He groaned. \"Or at least it was until my master abandoned me here! You see this?\" He pointed his antenna to something on his front panel. It was a sticker, not unlike the ones used at garage sales, only bigger. \"Free to a Good Home.\" \"That's tough, pal.\" Radio sighed, attempting to give him a quick pat, but the boombox moved away. \"I've been waiting for mine to return for years now!\" \"At least your's might still want you. Unless someone finds me soon, I'm… I'm scrap metal!\" For all his fuss of not wanting humans to notice them, he projected his voice with no hesitation. Didi wanted to help poor Denny but wasn't sure what to say. Finally, she asked, \"How long have you been out here?\" \"A couple days and no one has stopped to pick me up. What's wrong with me? I'm free! Is my music not good enough anymore?\" She sighed. \"I bet it is, Mr. Jeff. Why don't you play something for us?\" He began to smile. \"Really? You really want to listen to me?\" He did not wait for a response before starting up the cassette in his mouth. It crackled to life with a song she thought her father listened to once, or maybe hummed while getting her ready for bathtime. Until it jammed ten seconds later. \"Mother of Marconi! I'm worthless now!\" \"Please, don't worry about that. Maybe that's just an old cassette. If you found a new one-\" \"There are no new cassettes!\" His antenna twitched even faster. \"You radios think you're so special, not needing discs or cassettes or tapes or anything! One day, radio's gonna be dead, you know, and you'll be joining me in the trash heap!\" Radio growled, the static growl Didi would expect to make herself on accident. \"Are you looking for a fight? I'll have you know, I am the best sword fighter in all the land!\" \"Sorry, sorry!\" He held out his handle, almost like a human holding their hands up in surrender. \"I try not to be rude, I promise… I bet you can tell I'm just pretty stressed these days.\" He shuffled in his spot, making sure to freeze as a set of human feet walked by. Didi looked up, tempted to call out for help. Just a couple words and she would be kept safe from Mr. Gardner, the mansion, the magic, and most of all, the raspberry jam. Sometimes, she hated being so loyal, but at this point, loyalty was all she had. \"Where are y'all heading, anyway?\" Denny asked. \"I doubt they'd take appliances as passengers.\" \"Oh, we're not staying long,\" Radio sighed. \"We're on our way to the other side of the forest, and wanted to take a break.\" \"Glad we did, though,\" she smiled. \"It's been wonderful talking to you.\" He blushed, speakers, bending in a happy squint. \"Really?\" \"Yeah! We… appliances don't get out much, do we.\" She figured it was better to let him believe she was another radio than explain her whole story again. \"I always love someone to talk to.\" \"What about your boyfriend?\" Didi's eyes grew wide. \"...Boyfriend?\" Denny gasped. \"Sorry, sorry! I thought you two were dating! It looked like a date, and-\" She began to laugh. \"-No, that's fine. It started out as a date, to be honest, but we decided to just stay friends, and then it became a sleepover with his cuddly blanket buddy, and now it's more of a road trip than anything… a really long road trip.\" \"Makes sense,\" he shrugged. \"But if you're not dating him… would you like to come with me? I know pretty chicks like you love a man with a little music in him.\" \"Umm… let me think about it.\" She did not wait a second before a sharp \"NO.\" He looked rejected, but if Didi could not feel anything for as charming of a man as Radio, she knew it would not work with Denny. \"Okay, okay, geez! You don't have to friend zone me so quick, you know.\" \"Please, would you leave my friend alone?\" Radio grumbled. \"You don't want her anyway. She's insane, I assure you.\" \"What?\" \"She's been going around telling me she's really a human for the last few hours or so. This one is nothing but dead air.\" At first, Didi was going to protest, but she saw his signal to go along with it and realized what he was doing. \"I am a human, I swear! I can tell you something only a human would know!\" He rolled his eyes. \"Like what?\" She searched for anything that would prove her point. \"Well… the mitochondria are the powerhouse of the cell?\" Denny stared at her, looked her down. The static in her head roared in the silence. \"You think a human would actually remember all that? They're stupid! The only one who'd remember 'mitochondria' would have to be science room VHS players.\" \"Look, how about we just put this behind us,\" she laughed, trying to hide her nerves and any squeaking. \"We're only going to be here for a moment, and-\" \"Didi, come look at what I found!\" She turned to see Radio, having climbed onto the bench, pointing to a bus schedule. \"Maybe we could take the bus!\" He pulled her up onto the bench with him, showing her the list. \"If you remember the name of your city, that is.\" \"Bottleneck.\" \"What?\" \"That's it! The city! It's named Bottleneck!\" A rush of joy flowed through her, starting the loud beep she was hoping to keep down. \"What is wrong with you?\" called Denny from below. They both ignored him. She grinned, embracing the list. \"I remembered it! Sometimes, I forget details like that, but I figured it out again! Thank you, Radio!\" He nodded. \"You're… welcome?\" \"Typically, Muse remembers and fills me in, vice versa too, but we both forgot. Now, I can give him the answer. That city's name is Bottleneck!\" Denny laughed. \"Who would name a city 'Bottleneck?' Sounds like a dumb name to me.\" \"I'm guessing 'because it was in the neck of the nearby Bottle River? I don't know. Everyone thought it was stupid too,\" Didi shrugged. \"And on the schedule… it says… nothing about Bottleneck.\" \"Come on, it's close to this city. Do you recognize the name of any hot spots or locations?\" \"A Salvation Army, perhaps? I bet someone would value me there. Maybe a human would come by, looking for a new boombox… but who could replace a master so loving up to now?\" \"No… no… no…\" Until her eye read a certain location. STRC: 12:30 PM, 2:30 PM, 4:30 PM. She recognized those letters and something about them. It was a location she went with her sister often, but what it was, or what the letters stood for slipped her mind as soon as it came. All she knew was that it was in Bottleneck, and she needed to see STRC meant. \"Denny, when is the bus coming next?\" He thought, looking up to the sky and the shadows from the bench. \"It's close to twelve, so… about seven and a half minutes.\" She gasped. \"Radio, I have a plan! We ride the bus until we reach the STRC. I believe it is on the outside of the city, so we'll only have to take a short climb through the forest and get to the mansion. Then, you can take the bus back here on the 2:30 stop! I'll even let you have the other sled if you need it. Theo never uses them anyway.\" He looked over the schedule with her. \"Sounds like a marvelous plan! Like warriors riding off into battle, we will mount this furious steed, and-\" \"I think you are the dead air here, buddy,\" remarked Denny. No one cared to respond. Radio set the schedule aside. \"This is turning out much easier than I expected. As much as I relish a good, daring adventure-\" he jumped and swished his antenna as if he was in a sword fight, the two others laughing, \"-I assume this is for the best.\" \"Hate to burst your bubble, but how are you going to get on in the first place? Just walk on like a couple of humans? Our secret will be blown!\" Radio scratched as his alarm button. \"That is another issue we will have to figure out, but it is no task for a strategist like myself…\" \"I guess we could hide in the luggage department,\" she added. He paused. \"Didi, are you sure you want to do that? I doubt there will be enough room for you.\" As soon as she remembered her recent experience with the closet locking them in, she did not feel so brave. Her antenna dropped lower than before. \"Right…\" \"You're claustrophobic?\" Denny began to chuckle. \"A claustrophobic radio, now that's just too much!\" Radio growled once again. \"Yeah, coming from Mr. 'No human will ever love me! Boo hoo hoo!' Leave her alone, okay?\" \"Dead air and no sense of humor, he grumbled.\" \"It's fine,\" she sighed. \"I'll try to stay calm.\" \"You sure?\" Radio asked, lifting her antenna back up. \"We can still ride the skateboard.\" She nodded. \"I'll be alright! I need to get over my fear either way and might as well start now.\" They would have loved to keep talking, but the humans began to fill up the stations. The two hid underneath the bench, watching the large human feet stroll by. She thought she saw someone pick up Denny, and slip him into their backpack. \"At least he finally got somebody to love him.\"[Chapter 24] Chapter 24: Somebody Turn on the Light Radio could not see anything but darkness within the luggage compartment. All of his other senses were filled, with the sound of people talking above him, the feel of luggage brushing up against his casing, and the faint new car smell that seemed to be in all mass transportation. \"No no no no no no…\" Didi was muttering to herself. \"I'll… It'll be over soon, right?\" \"I hate to burst your bubble but the bus hasn't started yet.\" He regretted this as soon as he said it, as she began to squeak even more. \"I swear, nothing bad will happen in here.\" \"But what if it does? How are we going to escape if we can't even see our own antennae?\" He tried to reach out to her, but could not find her in the dark. \"Listen to this. Nothing has ever killed you before, right? The statistical probability it will now is lower than a sinking submarine.\" Despite her worry, she still let out a small laugh, that adorable laugh Radio loved to listen to, like the falsetto notes of a violin. \"I'll admit that is a good point.\" \"And has anything bad ever happened to you just because you were in an enclosed space?\" \"Well… maybe if the study had been a bit bigger, I could have escaped…\" her shivering and beeping began to start up again. \"But… there are no fairies here. I don't think so, at least.\" He nodded. \"That's right! And if anything tries to hurt you, whether it be man or beast, I promise I will send them screaming and running for the hills, because-\" \"Because you're the best swordsman in the land.\" Both began to laugh until they realized… ...Someone else was laughing with them. Radio's antenna shot up as far as it would go, bending against the top of the luggage compartment. He turned it to locate the voice, but it seemed to be coming from everywhere in the small room at once. It was an alto lady, her voice mixed with a strong and hearty noblewoman's laugh. \"Do not worry about any of that, please! You will be safe here with me!\" Didi jumped back, crash-landing against somebody's overstuffed backpack. Radio lowered into the best fighting stance he could manage in the less than ideal conditions. \"You better show your face, miss!\" \"I would love to,\" she sighed, \"but I just can't at that moment. You see, my face is on the outside. \" \"So… you're the bus?\" Didi asked, shaking off the previous impact, as Radio's vision adjusted more to the low light. \"Radio, do buses count as appliances?\" He nodded. \"I believe so. Cars actually come to life pretty often, as humans grow dependent on them. Buses aren't as common, but it's still possible.\" \"Oh yes, it certainly is! My best friend from the main station is a shuttle that frequents airports, and he met a living jet once! Buses are hardly the extent of it all.\" \"Wow,\" Didi remarked. \"I bet they're like giants. If I were that size, I'd finally be the tallest of my friends! Plus, I'd always have room for my spoon collection. I'd just take it with me!\" \"I could crush all my enemies in my wake,\" Radio remarked. Didi gave him a funny look for a moment, before continuing to look for a way to face the bus. \"Can you see us, Miss?\" she asked. The bus laughed again. \"Of course I can! I can see everything within my walls. The security cameras are for the humans comfort, really. And might I add, you are just the cutest little radio I have ever seen!\" She blushed, but continued to smile. \"Why thanks! I feel it's important to look your best, no matter… how small… you end up.\" \"I completely agree. You know, it's too bad we don't wear clothes, because if we did, I have a perfect outfit in mind! You like blue?\" She sighed. \"Oh, it is so good to finally get some girl talk!\" \"Same. Let me guess, everyone at the station is a dude?\" Didi snickered. She groaned. \"Yes, and they never let me forget. You'd assume they'd have at least one other girl bus around here, but no!\" Even if Radio did not want to listen to half an hour of 'girl talk,' he was glad to see Didi was calming down. Besides, the bus' voice 'lit up' the compartment a bit for everyone. \"What is your name, Miss?\" He asked. \"Rees County Public Bus #15, but... everyone around here just calls me Pascal.\" \"Isn't that a boy's name?\" Didi looked up to the ceiling, in vain hopes of finding the bus' face. Pascal snickered. \"We are made of circuit boards, batteries, and all that lovely stuff. Those things don't have a gender, so does it really matter?\" She shrugged. \"It really doesn't, I was just wondering.\" \"What about you, little ones?\" Radio stepped forward. \"JL Brand Radio Model WFC 11-12-55.\" \"That's… definitely an engine-full. Happen to have a nickname?\" \"Radio works just fine,\" he nodded. \"And you, your adorableness?\" She blushed. \"Wow, everyone has such fancy names, and I'm just Didi.\" \"Didi… I like it!\" Her voice grew more excited by the second. \"Oh, how I wish I were a radio! I could chat with all the regular appliances and not terrify them from sheer size. I'm glad we got to meet like this, otherwise, I'd be to nervous to even drive up and say hello!\" \"I know that feeling, sort of. I always wished I were human so I could talk to them. But I'm glad we got to meet! It's a bit dark and cramped in here, but you're making it so much easier for me.\" \"I wish I could do something more to help you, but I can't reach back there,\" she sighed. \"But do not fret! We shall head off in only a few more moments. Where are you headed?\" She took a moment to recall the name. \"STRC.\" \"The science museum? You are going to just love it! I heard they put in an exhibit on radio broadcasting a few days ago. If we ever meet again, tell me how it was, okay?\" \"It's a museum? That explains a lot! Sister always did enjoy museums!\" Radio leaned up against the wall, preparing for the bus to start moving. \"I would, but we won't be staying. We have to cross the forest.\" \"That sounds fun too. Are you going hiking?\" The bus rolled to a stop, slow at first, but enough to send the unprepared and often clumsy Didi falling on her backside. \"Not again!\" Didi exclaimed, all four legs flailing like a bug trying to get up off of its wings. She struggled for a few seconds, before giving up and falling limp. \"Radio, could you help me?\" As he ran over, she began to laugh, full out chuckling. \"Oh poor Didi. Her many legs, so pitifully thin compared to the rest of her armored body, waved about helplessly as she looked.\" He knew what was going on, trying to wink at her with his dial, even if through the dark, she would never see his attempt. \"She looked about her room, only a lot too small for a human.\" Back on her legs, Didi sighed. \"Whenever Muse and I are feeling especially pathetic, we do enjoy a good Metamorphosis reenactment. It's the kid's favorite book, and mine too!\" \"Wow, a lady with such good tastes,\" he cheered. \"Have you ever read Flatland? I found an audiobook broadcast of the first chapters once, and begged Lampy to read me the rest.\" \"Who hasn't? It's only the best book about Victorian society intertwined with math theories!\" added Pascal. \"Anyone claiming otherwise, well, that's a sure sign they're a big bluff.\" \"I don't think there are any other books like that,\" Didi said. Radio sighed. \"Well, it's no Ray Bradbury or Kurt Vonnegut , but it's a classic! You've got to respect the classics.\" She snickered. \"For someone who can't read, you seem well versed in the literary world.\" \"Audiobooks,\" he nodded. \"It's the power of audiobooks. What else am I going to listen to when storms get so bad my signals don't get through?\" \"That reminds me,\" Didi said in a hesitant tone. \"It's so quiet in here.\" Pascal chuckled, her rich laugh ringing. \"Quiet? You've been filling it with your chatter this whole time! Not that I mind, of course not.\" She shook her head. \"No, not like that. Your walls are blocking all the radio signals. I don't hear anything but static, and that's soft at best!\" Over the years, tuning out the constant dull roar of voices in his head had grown to be a second nature to Radio, so he did not notice when they turned off without any warning. Now that she had mentioned it, he noticed their absence, and it made him uneasy. He never liked the quiet. Didi did not share his stance on the matter, as evident by the excitement in her voice. \"I can… I can actually hear myself thinking for once! This is wonderful, and for real this time!\" \"Yep,\" said Radio, desperate to keep the conversation going to fill the void that had become so natural. \"Radio issues, huh?\" Pascal asked. They both nodded. \"We've all got our things, honey. Being this big, I never get to talk to anyone who isn't a bus without it being awkward.\" \"But you seem so confident,\" Didi remarked. Radio was sure by the tone of her voice she was rolling her headlights in a friendly manner. \"Like you aren't having a hard time because you're so small? So small, I could just squish you!\" She sighed. \"It would not be hard.\" The three were quiet for a moment, before Pascal chimed in once again. \"Do not worry about that, you are safe with me! I would never squish you, I'm just saying I could if I wanted.\" Didi groaned. \"Gee, thanks. That helps a lot. \" \"I hope that wherever you're headed, you have a good time,\" she added. \"Personally, I'd recommend the sushi shop on Todd Street. I haven't been there, of course, sushi always disagrees with my fuel tank, but I've seen humans walking out with big smiles on their faces.\" \"Ugh, I never want to eat sushi again,\" Didi sighed, rolling her eyes. \"The only time I ever had it was when Ruby Knowles dared me to eat the gas station's one dollar deal. Worst tasting colon cleanse of my life, truly. Needless to say, I got her back with some sugar-free gummy bears.\" Pascal either ignored this statement, which would be so unusual for an appliance, or just did not care. \"That's fine, that's fine. Raw fish isn't for everyone. The arcade is also pretty nice.\" \"We aren't going on vacation,\" said Radio. \"I wish we could, though,\" Didi reclined against a flower-patterned backpack. \"We could get Muse in a wagon or something, and go around this town. If my memories are correct, Bottleneck was always a quiet place.\" \"It is,\" sighed Pascal. \"I wish I could serve somewhere with a little more hustle and bustle. You know, the big city! With new shows premiering every night, elaborate water fountains on every corner. And windows glowing like mechanical stars! But… I'll accept the wheel I was dealt.\" Didi frowned. \"Why don't you run away? Or, drive away, I guess?\" She just laughed once again. \"I doubt I'd get out of the county before I ran out of gas. Still, that's a nice thought while it lasts. I could become the 'haunted driverless bus' of Chicago, or NYC, or… I know! I could go to Boston!\" \"Boston might not be the… best idea,\" Radio said, attempting to stretch his antenna, or find anywhere he might get some sort of signal. \"I've heard some buses can't even fit.\" \"True, true, but I have always loved molasses.\" \"...What?\" Pascal continued to ramble on. \"And the tunnels, the oceans nearby, the history of it all, the shops! I'd love to go to Boston. Chicago would still be nice, though. Better than this quiet town.\" \"It may not be the most active town, but I love Bottleneck. This whole area is pretty nice too.\" Didi poked at the backpack with her antenna. \"Again, too bad we couldn't be human. I'd love to see it all going by. I bet we could see my carrot farm as we approached… I sure hope they're okay.\" \"Didi, whoever had you as their radio must be the luckiest person on Earth. You're so worried about them, and that's adorable!\" She sighed. \"I hope they're not too worried about me… wait, no, I really want them to remember me and all, I just… I be my sister's glad I'm gone.\" \"Let me guess, you got dumped at the Salvation Army?\" \"Let's… go with that,\" she responded. \"I sure feel like a piece of junk waiting around these days.\" \"Honey, if you don't want to talk about it, that's alright! Let's change the subject.\" She rolled her eyes. \"I don't mind talking, not at all. It really is an interesting story of how I wound up here, I often ponder over it myself, I just… it's a long story.\" \"You didn't want to talk about that scar.\" Didi shot Radio an angry glare. She turned away from him. \"Pascal, can you tell me what has been going on in Bottleneck the past few years? It's been so long since I've heard any local news.\" \"Well… hmm… let me think.\" The bus hummed as she searched for an answer. \"It's a small town, so not much… the playground on the corner of Todd Street and Abbott Avenue got a new swingset and the kids seem excited… that one pizza place shut down…\" \"The one on Adrua Drive?\" \"Yeah! That one!\" Didi laughed. \"Doesn't surprise me. That building has had five businesses in seven years, and none of them stayed longer than the season.\" \"It had a good run, though. That one lasted a whole two years!\" \"Wow, that is good. I'll sure miss that place, though.\" Pascal continued. \"I heard they're putting in a barbeque this time. Let's see how long this one lasts. Anyway, the STRC has been having fundraisers to finance a new space exhibit. I'm personally excited for that one!\" \"How are you going to see it?\" Radio asked. \"The ads,\" she answered. \"I'll be getting some ads to wear as soon as it's open. I'm going to look like space! And all the kids will be talking about it, so I'll still be able to hear about it.\" Didi smiled. \"I bet you'll be gorgeous.\" The room was quiet, as her smile began to drop. \"Pascal, can you tell me about the carrot farm? What has been going on there?\" \"The Dorrie Family Carrot Farm? The one on the edge of town?\" Her eyes grew wide. \"Yes! That one!\" \"How have they been faring?\" Radio asked. He was curious to find out what was going on in Didi's old world. Pascal sighed. \"Three years ago, the owners' reported their oldest daughter had disappeared. What was her name? Dusty? Dottie? D-\" \"Durinda?\" There was a tinge of disgust as she said her name. \"They know that I… that's a stupid name.\" \"Yes! That was her name. I agree it's dumb, but don't tell her I said that.\" Her voice dropped to a whisper. \"She had been playing ukulele on Main Street almost every day, and on New Year's Day, she's gone without a trace! One of her friends was gone too, and his mother was sick with fear.\" She looked down. \"Wonderful.\" \"So sad, but true,\" Pascal sighed. \"They re-named the carrot cake after her.\" \"I always did love that cake,\" she muttered. \"Still, the farm itself is fine. Carrot production is higher than ever!\" She groaned. \"Of course it is. Mom was a workaholic just to forget all her other problems.\" \"And the younger sister is doing fine, I suppose.\" Radio nodded. \"That's good news.\" Didi stood up, mind in her own world. \"One day I'll be back. I… I'm sorry Mom, I just can't leave him behind.\"[Chapter 25] Chapter 25: This is Not My Place Kirby had enjoyed a chance to sleep in, without the little chatterbox yelling in his ear. Still, he was concerned, as Toaster had not woken him up either. Today was a chore day. He should have been bouncing in here to remind me! Although hesitant, Kirby rolled out of his bedroom, eyes squinting as he was faced with the light of the day shining in from the windows. The whole house seemed quieter than usual, and Kirby was curious to see what was going on. \"Looks like Sleeping Beauty finally woke up,\" called AC from the nearby room. Coming in, Kirby could see AC was a bit more relaxed than usual. \"What's going on?\" he asked, hoping to figure out more. \"What do you think? The radios left so Didi could get back home,\" scowled AC. \"Finally I have some peace and quiet around here. Lampy woke me up a bit early but I'll take what I get.\" Kirby smiled. \"I agree. It is nice without Radio yelling in everyone's ears… I just wish I had a chance to apologize.\" AC smirked, his grin spreading from filter to filter. \"A little birdie told me about that fight last night. How did it work out for you? Throw any punches?\" He sighed. \"We mostly just insulted each other in front of the lady. I bet she thinks so poorly of us now.\" \"And it's all your fault, huh?\" \"Yeah.\" AC stroked at his vents like a human with a beard. \"I doubt it. She probably has more important things on her mind, like radio boys with all the hottest new broadcasts.\" Kirby's eyes grew wide. \"The bet! Do you know how the date went?\" He shook his head. \"I haven't heard anyone talking about it. Toaster said it went smooth like butter, but Blankey's still asleep and Lampy's taking a nap.\" \"I guess… we'll have to call it off then,\" Kirby smiled. \"If we can't find the outcome, neither of us-\" \"Not so fast!\" he yelled. \"How about we wait until Radio gets back and ask him? I'm sure he'll have all the juicy details.\" Kirby rolled his eyes. \"Fine, but you're asking him.\" The two parted ways, as Kirby looked for Toaster and AC went back to whatever he was thinking about. He felt so heartless for leaving AC behind but figured if he spent more time with him, he may get fired up again. AC sure knew which buttons to press. He figured Toaster would be in the kitchen. Although he did not enjoy going into their; the linoleum tile was not always the easiest on his wheels, he figured the place could use a good clean by now either way. If the little 'crumb cake' was not in there, he supposed he could still get a chore out of the way. Soon enough, Kirby found Toaster sitting on the kitchen counter where he always slept, his plug still in the outlet. Pushed against the pine walls was the torn-out page of a coloring book, amongst several dull and cracked crayons thrown about. Toaster held half of an intense orange in his right handle, scribbling in the color of a tulip's petal, the color clashing against the green dress worn by the lady watering the flowers. \"Kirby, you're up!\" He turned from his coloring to look down onto the vacuum. \"I figured we should just wait until next week for chores. It was a big night for everyone yesterday.\" He rolled his eyes. \"Tell me about it.\" \"I heard you and Radio had an argument.\" Kirby groaned, engine flaring up a small bit. \"Look, I don't want to talk about it right now. In fact, I only came in here to get started on chores, so-\" Toaster began to laugh. \"I know that's not true. You never vacuum in here. I think you need to talk to someone.\" \"About what?\" Toaster shrugged, as he climbed down from the tall counter. \"I don't know, I suppose you need to vent?\" He too let out a small chuckle. \"If you want someone to vent to, go talk to AC.\" \"Kirby, are you alright?\" \"He called me a 'dew-dropper.' What on Earth does that even mean?\" \"Let's not focus on the little details,\" Toaster sighed. \"The older Mistress always told the Master to work his problems out. I think maybe we should try the same. Do you have any ideas on how to fix this?\" \"Not really.\" \"Maybe it would just be best to let this blow over.\" \"Again, go ask AC.\" Toaster scowled. \"You know what I mean.\" \"Fine, fine,\" Kirby laughed. \"I bet this really is my fault. Chances are I started it anyway. Calling me a dirtbag was the only truthful thing he ever said.\" Toaster's eyes grew wide. \"Kirby, don't say that! Sure, you're a little… grouchy, but you're really not that bad. In fact, I enjoy your company.\" He smiled. \"I'm glad someone does.\" ... I'm wondering, out of all the OCs introduced besides Didi, who is your favorite? If anyone has suggestions for adventures their favorite could have, maybe they'll get a short story of their own.[Chapter 26] Hello, everyone! I have wonderful news! As of this chapters posting, Single Radios Near You will be the longest Brave Little Toaster fanfiction on this site! Never in my wildest dreams did I ever expect it to grow this long, and the story still isn't done quite yet. I need to give a huge thank you to all of you reading this. Your favorites and reviews inspire me to write this, for you. Please, if you have any comments or questions, write them down. I read each and every one, and I love hearing what you think. Also, the title of this chapter comes from Forward Thinking by Marcus Warner. It's a beautiful song, and when I heard it, all I could think about was Didi. If you're curious, I recommend a listen. Chapter 26: Turn Towards the Mountains The two radios, having managed to exit the storage compartment without being caught, now looked up to the giant of a building that was STRC. The path to it's rotating glass doors and was paved in cobblestone, while the whole building was surrounded by a garden and littered in sculptures and outdoor exhibits. The windows were at least three stories, tinted the grayish blue-green all science museums seemed to have, broken up by diagonal metal bars. The STRC was, outside of the Bottle River itself, the only interesting thing in the city. Didi was almost speechless. She could picture her younger self running up to the door with her taking little sis before any of this happened. That young Didi, never stopping to appreciate being alive and clueless to what would become of her and how they would grow apart. \"Are you alright?\" Radio asked, taking a few strides towards her. She nodded, quick to assure him she was. \"Yeah, totally. I was just remembering all the fun times I had with my sister here. She was such a bright girl, and never cared about how weird it was to have the best part of your day be visiting a science museum. Back then, I didn't either.\" \"Would you mind telling me about her? She seems like a great lady to me.\" \"Oh, she was!\" Didi smiled, kicking a pebble away to see if it would land in one of the puddles still filling the street. \"For all the times I was reckless, or leaped before I looked, she was calm, poised, rational… all the things we were taught in Mom's etiquette books. Honestly, I think she would have been a better older sister than I could ever be. She would never give up a steady life on the farm for street performing in vain hopes of making it big one day.\" Looking over to Radio, she could see he was unsure of what to say. \"What… what was her name? If you don't remember, don't strain for it. I will help jog the memory! How about Eleanor?\" She sighed, sending another pebble at least a few puddles away. Already, it seemed like the earlier blue skies had clouded over a little bit. Not enough for another storm, but enough to put the sun to sleep like a bird in a cave mantled with a blanket. \"I don't… but… it started with A.\" \"A is a nice letter,\" he remarked. \"Let's see. Abby? Addy? Ally? Alex? Alexia?\" \"No, our Mom would never give anyone such a… playful name. She was more of a stickler for old ways than some sticks are. If she saw me looking like this, she'd have a heart attack!\" \"It would be quite the shocker for her if you walked home right now.\" She turned to the left of the museum, where off in the distance, large fields rolled by, the green stems of carrots poking out to see the sun for the first time. The only thing keeping her from them was the picturesque white picket fence, the distance, and her own mortification for her current condition. \"I'd be grounded for life, probably.\" \"If that happens, I will bring you books and whatever else you want, like Hermes bringing Zeus and Hera the latest business in Olympus.\" \"Please, I'd love to go home, but I just want to see Muse again.\" She said, beginning to walk away from the building where she spent every weekend in the summer before 8th grade, with her long-haired sister and the best father a girl could ask for. \"Besides, you really think they'd want two radios walking around? I bet they'd still make me work on the farm, or at least be the new mascot. The old 'Carrot Lovin' Bunny' is getting a little too vintage, even for Mom.\" He began to chuckle, his light, friendly chuckle that meant nothing was wrong. \"Being a mascot would not be so bad. You could be the face of a great brand and name!\" She wanted to change the subject. \"Speaking of names, would you happen to have any more name ideas? We might get somewhere with this.\" Radio thought for a moment, following behind her. \"Abigail?\" \"Sounds familiar… but… that one wasn't her. She died a while ago.\" \"That's a real shame,\" he sighed. \"But… how about Ashley? Annie? Andrea?... Arthur?\" \"Definitely not Arthur…\" Then, her eyes grew wide with a realization. \"We're getting close! It was an A and R at the beginning! Ariana? Aranea? No, of course, it wouldn't be Aranea. Think, Didi!\" He jumped in the air. \"Listen to this! The two AR-chaeologists are getting very close in their quest for the missing name! Maybe Ariel?\" \"That's actually my middle name, but nice try.\" \"Archie? Arlene? Aria? Arlette-\" Her face went blank, the answer finally dawning on her. \"Arlo.\" Didi was still for a moment as if waiting for the lightbulb to appear over her plastic head. Then, her legs sprung up like a little kid on a trampoline. \"It's… it's Arlo! Arlo Dorrie! We figured it out!\" Radio joined in her cheer. \"That's incredible! For our feet, we shall be presented with honors in no time at all!\" The two began to laugh. \"But if your Mom is such a stickler… why Arlo?\" \"I think it was a nickname? Oh boy, when The Good Dinosaur came out, she was so excited. Personally, I only went for the art, but she was so happy to have a protagonist with her name. Until she found out Arlo was a guy. I tried pointing out he's a dino! Chances are they don't even have naming conventions, but did she listen to me? Noooooo! When…\" Didi trailed off, noticing Radio was not walking behind her. She turned to see him stopped and motionless, like one would expect to find a radio on the shelf. \"There's a human approaching,\" he whispered, voice so quiet only another radio could hear it. \"You need to be quiet!\" Looking up, she saw the legs of a human, only ten or so paces away. She was not sure what to do. \"Freeze up,\" he urged, his voice growing more and more urgent with each word. Their footsteps were loud and thunderous as they approached, electricity shooting through Didi's wires and sending her antenna up in alarm. As much as she wanted to embrace the human, wrap her antenna around them and beg to hear the latest news in the human world, she knew she could not risk what could happen if they saw her moving. Didi would not mind being in a freak show. She could talk to curious kids and explain her life story. Maybe the people there would rescue Muse and figure out a way to heal them after all! Still, knew that chances are, this would not be where a living radio would be taken. She could be dissected, or thrown in a zoo, or locked up for the rest of her life in the name of scientific research. They would keep in her some contained facility with no name but a numerical code, and treat her like an 'it,' nothing more than an interesting story for conspiracy theorists. Fearing this, even though she hated the feeling, she forced her legs to become stiff and lifeless, followed by the rest of her body. Her antenna straightened, and the eyes on her speakers dissolved. She could still see, but it was cloudy and blurry, like a fleeting dream or nightmare. From this perspective, she saw the fuzzy legs of a giant approaching. If it were not for her having grown still, she would have flinched when the thin-fingered hand reached down to pick her up. \"Wow, the boombox at the bus stop, and now this? Today's my lucky day! I hope you still work, little buddy.\" Didi opened her eyes as the kidnapper looked away for any sign of what this could mean. Her hair was a similar length to what Didi's had been long ago, but was royal blue, and slicked back with tons of either gel or natural scalp oils. Didi was not sure which one was more disgusting. The girl's braces matched her hair, signifying she could be no older than High School. Her eyes were hidden behind thick square glasses, and her skin was so pale it could make printer paper jealous. Other than the hair, she fit the description of a stereotypical nerd to a tee, and yet, she did not seem to care. Her smile was wide, showing off her close-to-perfect teeth that still would not be freed in a reasonable timespan. Her stride was long and proud, never unbalanced by the thick tie-dye backpack hung over her thin shoulders. Scanning the green grass and the path from the STRC they had left, she located the 'little red rock' that could only be another abandoned radio. With a quick sweep, he too had been captured. \"I've hit the jackpot! Now, I just need to figure out how to explain this to Mom.\" Didi feared entering the young nerd's backpack; she was sure things would get awkward if Denny Jeff was in there. He would probably start screaming about how the human was 'his first!' and all that other stuff Didi did not care about. When she turned to face Radio with an expression of what do we do? he was not staying calm. The tip of his antenna was vibrating, despite his best attempts to make it still. Radio's afraid of getting caught… but if we get caught… we'll never see our loved ones again… Didi did not care about the consequences or the 'Code of Conduct' all appliances upheld for some reason she did not know. All she cared about at the moment was making sure that after sacrificing her freedom and a chance to return home for Muse, he would still see her in the end. Her mind raced with possible plans. Stab her? No, I don't want that on my conscious. Broadcast a scary warning so she thinks the world is ending, drop us, and run? No, any rational person would bring the battery powered radio with them. Then, she remembered a certain scene, from a certain movie. A movie she never cared for, but it seemed like her best hope. Listening close, she could even hear Denny rambling in her backpack, about how he finally had a human. Who cared for his old master? This new master was going to be fantastic! Sorry buddy, but I can't join you. Not today. First off, she figured it would be best to get the girl's attention. Something small, something subtle, but something that would make her turn to the silver radio in her sweaty palms. She flicked her antenna, a sharp crack like a whip coming with it. Of course, the human looked down, it grabbed both her and Radio's attention. \"What was that?\" she asked. Didi opened her eyes completely, and as the girl turned her around, she looked her right in the eye. \"Put us down this instant. \" Radio was glaring at Didi the best he could, but she decided to ignore it. I'm saving you! The girl's wide eyes and raised brow showed her fear, and how she was ready to run for the hills at any moment. And Didi was just beginning to have some fun. With a pat on the girl's shoulder, she said in her most bold tone \"we do not blame you, human girl, but I will give you a warning. Do not mess with Radios. We are everywhere.\" She chuckled. \"We radios hear everything.\" Radio could only give himself a face-antenna as Didi let static blare from her speakers, turning up the volume. \"So play…\" The girl had dropped them and ran off before Didi even had time to finish the reference. She was so disappointed she did not have a chance to give one last ominous warning, but so, so relieved to be out of that human's clutches. \"I hope Denny Jeff is going to be okay,\" she sighed. Didi leaned up against a rock she landed by, sighing and letting her antenna posture drop for a moment. \"Radio, are you alright?\" \"Didi, you have blown our cover!\" He sounded distressed… and scared, an emotion she never realized he actually was capable of. \"Do you have any idea what the humans will do to us?\" She wanted to calm him down. She reached out for a hug, but he swatted her antenna away. \"Do you really think they'll believe one human's account? Trust me, humans never trust one another. They're just going to convince her she hit her head and it was all a dream or something. They'll lock her up in some asylum at the very worse, but they won't come after us, trust me.\" He stomped his left foot. \"And what if they miraculously improved this time? What if now they will believe her, and follow us in close pursuits, like hounds searching for the kill?\" Her circuits were rushing. He was not distressed. He was mad. His antenna twisted to sharper corners than ever before. \"Radio, I… I didn't want her to take us away. I don't want to live the rest of my life like this, and I know-\" \"Why must you always blab on and on about how you were human once? I get it! You prefer humans. You don't see any worth in being this.\" She almost thought she heard him sniff. \"Humans are better than radios, I do suppose, but at least I'm not whining about it all the time!\" \"You don't understand! Radios are so wonderful, you are wonderful, but-\" \"You never use that word unless it's sarcastic. What are you trying to pull over my head?\" \"Nothing! I'm trying to be reasonable here, but you-\" \"Of course, you're the reasonable one. Blowing our cover is the most reasonable thing I have ever heard. How do I know you're not just some insane radio I've been guilt-tripped into hitchhiking with? Your whole story seems pretty sketchy under closer examination.\" She screamed, her voice almost entirely the siren of an EAS alarm. Only another radio could understand her words at this point. \"Coming from the biggest liar of the century! If you were a radio Pinocchio, your antenna would be ten miles long at this point!\" \"Every heard of 'a good story?' At least I don't expect people to believe me!\" The two angry radios turned from each other. Didi could not tell what was going on in his mind, but she knew she wanted to cry more than ever. She wanted to steal back all those tears she suppressed as a little kid for fear of embarrassing herself or earning the title of 'Class Crybaby.' She wanted some way to get the horrible feeling weighing on her speakers and transformers and wires and all the things a human should never be made up of. The only way she could was if she screamed, and she was not going to go and attract even more attention. Didi decided it would be best to leave. She wasn't sure where she would go; she supposed just a stroll through the forest before returning to the mansion where she would spend the rest of her days rotting away into a shell of her former self. For how light she was as a radio, the body felt so heavy walking away from Radio, and she grimaced as she forced herself to ignore his desperate apologies.[Chapter 27] Chapter 27: I Am an Island, An Island That Nobody Knows Radio figured it was time to head back to the cabin. \"My, this did not go as planned…\" he muttered, beginning to trudge back to the STRC and wait for Pascal to arrive. \"Sorry for the inconvenience, folks. We will be back to our regularly scheduled programming soon.\" He hid under the bench once again, his mind swimming in thought. He had always considered himself 'brave' and 'leader material,' but this girl, who was not even an appliance, had shown him up! She did not know the rules. You were doing what was right… right? Rule-followers never get anywhere. He smiled as he remembered her recounts of the American and French Revolutions. The stories of rebels who disobeyed and made out with the upper hand in the end. The soldiers he admired so much, would they ever freeze up like that? Of course, they were humans. Humans could do whatever they wanted without fear of being considered possessed or… Never in his life had he wished he were human. Of course, he always wanted to interact with humans; telling them his stories instead of just repeating theirs… but now, he wished he could understand why Didi was so desperate. He also wished he could have a second chance. In one weekend, he had caused two arguments, and not the simple friendly scuffles between him and Lampy, but actual, serious disagreements, one of which he may never even get a chance to apologize for. He could not see the forest or the field from under the bench. In fact, everything except the road and the sidewalk was out of view. Human feet continued to pass by, their canvas bags painted by the hands of little children swaying and their ball caps coming loose in the wind. If it were not for the Code of Conduct, he would have climbed out and asked to talk to them. Any of them! He was certain they had good stories and advice on how to make up with one of their own. Of course, I would not be in this mess either… All Radio wanted at this point if he could not make up with Didi and hear her side of the story was to return home, but there was still a long time to wait until Pascal returned. He decided that he would sneak into the STRC. That Radio exhibit did sound interesting. (Despite what she claimed, they were more interesting that humans after all.) After waiting for the human feet to clear, he dashed behind the bench, keeping low to the ground to hide within the grass while approaching the museum. Most of the time, he would have savored this act, pretending to be a daring soldier crawling through obstacles… but now, he just felt ridiculous. \"You look ridiculous,\" called a voice, but it was not his or the programs in his head. It was a female voice, a familiar airy soprano voice like the call of an early morning bird… \"Didi?\" She snickered, helping him up to his feet. \"You really think hiding in green grass is the brightest idea? They'll spot your red casing a mile away!\" He blushed. \"Maybe this is not my best decision of the hour.\" Didi's posture dropped. \"Look, I didn't come back just to joke with you… I'm sorry. I'm sorry I yelled, I'm sorry I ran off… ugh, this is all my fault!\" Radio tried to speak, but he was cut off by her pacing in the grass. \"I honestly did not recognize how I hurt you. I… I didn't realize how rude I was being, and since I didn't say it before, I'll say it now: I don't think humans are any better than radios, I swear. In fact, a part of me has been enjoying this as I've gotten to see the world from a perspective I could never even imagine!\" Her antenna tensed. \"I sound so weird, don't I? But… if you became a human all of a sudden, you'd be confused too, right? I guess what I'm saying is that… radios are great, but I'm meant to be a human, and it's what's right for me.\" She turned to him. \"Is… is that okay?\" Radio stepped forward, a slurry of different words ready to come out of his speaker. With every moment of silence, Didi tensed up more and more. \"No, the blame is really mine. I started it because I was scared, and… the Code of Conduct… it's a hard thing to explain, but-\" She laughed. \"Trust me, it could be a whole lot worse. I've met some humans with the weirdest morals, and morals are kinda like a Code of Conduct? Either way, I get it now. Humans would be freaked out by moving appliances, and I can't blame you.\" Didi continued on her spiel. \"I tried to tell good stories, but if they were boring, that's on me too. I never gave you a chance to speak, and-\" He tried to smile. \"-Mind if I ask a question? Why did you come back?\" \"It's just the right thing to do,\" she shrugged. \"I try to keep good relationships with everybody, and I'm not about to let one petty scuffle get in the way of a friendship. Also… please don't tell anybody, but I'm also… kinda scared to go into the forest at this size. I guess if you come with me we'd have power in numbers? Also, I'd kinda like to show you our house… or prison, really.\" \"I am not sure that I want to enter a prison, no matter how fancy it is,\" he sighed. Didi face-antennaed. \"I promise they won't capture you! Anyone except the Gardners themselves can actually leave whenever they want, we're just locked in the study most of the time. Mr. Gardner's not even home right now.\" \"Okay,\" he nodded. \"But how did you get out of the forest the first time if you were scared?\" \"The sled moved pretty quickly. I hardly had time to process the danger, but… we forgot the skateboard.\" Radio shook his head, laughing. \"Darn! The intrepid explorers have lost their trusty steed, and must climb the mountain themselves.\" \"I don't think it's too steep. I'm just sad we lost the spoon.\" Didi trailed off, staring into the vastness of the sky. \"I really liked that spoon.\"[Chapter 28] Hey, everybody. I'm so sorry I haven't been posting as much as usual. I've been sick, but I promise I haven't given up on the story. In fact, I have been getting better and I'm preparing to shift into final gear as this story is coming to a close. Too much of this has been written for me to throw it away. Thank you for all of your encouraging words! Chapter 28: Even Then \"Radio, I've told you so many of my stories, why don't you share another one of yours?\" Didi turned to her new friend as they climbed their way up the forest hill. He shrugged, stepping over a broken twig already snapped by some reckless squirrel or bird. \"As much as I appreciate the flattery… I doubt they are as good as you claim.\" \"Of course they are!\" She smiled. \"I should have let you speak more. I didn't realize just how much I was rambling on this whole time. Muse tells me I need to work on that... so did Arlo.\" Radio laughed, patting her on the head. \"Didi, you've already apologized a million times! Besides, I tend to ramble a little myself.\" Her nervous giggle came back, soft against the afternoon breeze. Taking another step, her front right foot dug into the dirt, wet with perpetual dew in the cover of trees. It left a small hole, so similar to running barefoot through the newly-tilled carrot fields before planting, and yet, so different. \"If only Arlo could see me now. If she didn't throw me against a tree for being so stupid, she would be laughing her ratty pigtails off. She takes after Mom in every aspect, except she actually has a sense of humor.\" \"I'm certain you'll see her again soon,\" he shrugged, waving to a monarch butterfly floating towards the nearest milkweed. \"All time apart is nothing but a chance to make new stories you can share when you meet up again.\" \"Hi butterfly,\" she muttered in response, his words not even registering at first. Turning back to her companion, she began to grin. \"That's what she always said.\" \"Now, all you need to do is figure out how to explain all of this to her.\" \"Man, that's a toughy. Still, it'd probably be easier than explaining it to Mom.\" After having fallen behind a couple paces, Radio bounced back to her side, and a sparkle of electricity ran through her in excitement for an actual adventure with a friend, even if it was about to end. \"This just in,\" he called out. \"Girl missing for three years returns home as a living radio!\" Didi rolled her eyes, something almost an obligation as the 'serious' friend, but she was still never above a joke. Even if it was at her expense. \"Doctors around the globe are baffled, and her psychiatry bill is through the roof.\" Her laugh turned into a nervous giggle. \"Oh god, I am going to need so much therapy after this. At least the local freak show paycheck will cover it.\" She turned to Radio. \"Do… do radios still have to pay taxes?\" \"Not that I know of,\" he replied. \"I sure hope not. If we do, I'd be in prison by now.\" As Radio held up a tree branch to help her pass through, Didi's mind wandered to an earlier event. \"I hate to admit it, but the fear of being locked up in a small cell was the only thing that kept me from stealing whenever Dad took us to the candy store.\" He turned to her. \"My, that sounds like there's a story behind it.\" She chuckled. \"There is. I was eight, and Arlo was five or six… we had been good little girls picking carrots all day without complaining, so Dad decided it was time for a special treat.\" \"Mom was all up in arms about the extra sugar, but all of us were tired of carrot cake after carrot cake, and were so excited for a change. Eventually, Dad convinced her, and she even came along! Besides, the candy shop had all of her cheesy old penny candy favorites. We drove off to Timothy's Candy Shoppe in a thrill of excitement. It had my favorite too. Ice Cubes! I don't even know how to describe it… I think it was from when my parents were kids, but somehow, the owner still got his hands on them, and they were so, so good! But so small, and so expensive.\" \"When we arrived, the only person there was the cashier, and he seemed to be off in his own little MP3 world. I think that was just before iPods became popular. Man, I sound old! Anyway, I decided that nobody would notice or care if I took a couple. While Mom and Dad were helping Arlo reach for a ridiculously huge lollipop - that thing was taller than the both of us - I decided with how much the other candies cost, it wouldn't hurt to take a couple and slipped a few into my pocket.\" \"By a few, I mean the whole bowl.\" His questioning glare shot through her. \"I wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed as a child, okay? Still, I had eaten at least five before anyone even noticed.\" \"I should have known my 'little crime' wouldn't go unnoticed. Arlo didn't even have a chance to snitch on me before Mom turned around and started berating me immediately. Dad made me put it back and personally apologize to the store owner. I didn't see why at the time. He had plenty of candy, and why should I respect someone so pretentious as to make candy cost so much and spell 'shop' wrong just to sound fancy?\" \"The owner laughed the whole issue off, but my parents were still furious. The whole car ride was filled with Mom yelling about how 'I'd be headed straight to prison' if I kept up that kind of behavior. A dark prison with thick bars and not even enough room to lay down. They knew exactly what would get to me, and Arlo teasing my claustrophobia didn't help either.\" \"Being a little kid, I didn't care or take her seriously, until I started having nightmares about being trapped behind bars. The darkness, the cramped space, it all felt so real! Dad comforted me, though I never told Mom. She isn't above an 'I told you so,' even for her own children.\" Radio paused. \"Your mother sounds like a real…\" \"...Stick in the mud?\" \"Precisely.\" She smiled, looking up to a taller tree with the birds circling its canopy. \"She wasn't all that bad. Mom was just a bit of a 'tough love' sort of person. And she's definitely a better parent than Mr. Gardner could ever be. Even then, I cared for Mom and Dad. I miss them so much.\" \"Puts it all in perspective, doesn't it.\" Her antenna dropped. \"I wonder what's going to happen to Theo. What are people going to think if they ever give him up, and he goes around saying he was raised by fairies and appliances? I hope he gets a better home, but would he even be able to adjust?\" Radio was quiet for a moment. \"Let's not worry about that right now.\" \"Good point,\" she sighed. \"They're off on vacation, and we're almost to the mansion. I'm so excited to introduce you to Muse! He really is the coolest TV you've ever met.\" \"I don't know about that. We used to have a TV back at the cabin. Ol' Rabbit Ears was a hoot!\" \"...Rabbit ears?\" He laughed, once again needing to catch up. \"That was my nickname for him. TVs and Radios aren't supposed to be friends, but we were always great comrades.\" She paused. \"Why not?\" \"Why not what?\" \"Why aren't they - I mean we - aren't supposed to be friends?\" \"I guess it's not an official rule,\" he said as his pace slowed in thought, \"but many radios hold disdain towards TVs for stealing our thunder. Before either of us were bui- born, humans gathered around the first generation to hear their stories for hours.\" \"I've heard we were a luxury! Still, that all came crashing down when TV was invented.\" He kicked a twig away, sending it splitting against a tree. He himself let out a small static squeak. \"I can't blame the humans, really. Televisions can do anything a radio can and more!\" For once, Didi was at a loss for words. Searching for the right thing to say to make sure her new friend did not leave feeling alone, she muttered \"Well… if it makes you feel better, as a kid, I used my radio every single day. Even when it got a little stormy, the static was never too bad.\" \"Good to see some people these days can still appreciate the classics .\"[Chapter 29] Chapter 29: Goose Snow Cone \"We're here! We made it! We finally made it,\" Didi declared, hopping up the concrete staircase to enter the doggie door Mr. Gardner tried to block, but Ms. Gardner had cleared. \"Come in, Radio! The air-conditioning is sublime!\" She did not need to turn around to make sure he was coming. She could hear the taps from his own plastic feet. \"Just follow me up the stairs, and I'll show you around our room!\" Her mechanical heart jumped with excitement. As a little girl, she would die for a chance to hold a sleepover and show a friend her bedroom. Isn't that what everyone does? A ritual of becoming a real teenager, perhaps. Of course, with how strict her mother was, how irritable her sister was, how fickle her friends turned out to be, and how nervous she was, that day never came. She supposed this would be close enough for now. They sprinted through the kitchen and the otherwise shimmering floor stained with jam that never seemed to be cleaned, and up two flights of stairs padded by the cream colored carpet Didi knew all too well. \"Wow, these are a lot of flights!\" exclaimed Radio. \"Never in the Master's house have we-\" She snickered, already five steps ahead of him. \"Are you… getting tired? Seems like your glory days are over, huh?\" He groaned, skipping a stair to catch up with her. \"Now, I didn't mean that.\" Didi grew more and more excited with each moment that passed. Muse was just behind the door Ms. Gardner had left open. She decided she would not call out his name. She would sneak in and give him a welcome surprise. As Radio climbed up the last steps, she peaked around. She saw all the furniture she was used to. The scratchy green couch, the sleek coffee table made from dark wood, the desk and computer, and the TV stand that Muse sat atop. The room was warmed by the sunlight and summer air coming through the open window. The windowsill was still battered in a couple of raindrops, but she was sure they would be evaporating soon. And there he was, his antennae holding up her sketchbook and looking through it. She could not help but grin. It was about time someone noticed her artistic talents. \"Hey, buddy, enjoying the art show?\" He froze, dropping the book and pencil to the ground. His eyes moved to the right edge of his screen. \"...Didi?\" \"Well, who did you expect? Bob Ross?\" She entered the room, pulling Radio along with her. \"I even brought a friend you've just got to meet!\" The two of them hopped onto the coffee table so he could face them at an easier level. She looked him in the eyes, the only facial feature on his screen. They looked nothing like his real eyes. They were like something out of a cheap cartoon and black and white, a far cry from his old ocean blue irises and hilariously perpetual bags. Still, these eyes teared up as he saw her. \"Didi… I thought you had left me! I missed you so much! What took you so long? I was so worried!\" She did not have a chance to get away before she felt his antennae wrapped around her, and she was picked up from the coffee table. \"Never mind all that… I thought I wasn't good enough for you… and I'm not! Why didn't you just stay with Radio? You would be free!\" Didi shook her head. \"Muse, you are my best friend! Do you think I'd have the heart to leave you? No, we are in this thing together, and I'm not letting you go so easily. These past three years… the only thing keeping it from being a living hell here is that I have you!\" The both of them were unsure of what to say, scrambling for the right words. Finally, Muse spoke. \"Then what took you so long?\" \"The storm, you silly sausage! Like Mr. Gardner would spare us the dignity of being waterproof.\" His eyes went blank. \"Why… why didn't I think of that?\" As soon as he muttered this, he held her even tighter. \"Oh my God, Didi, I apologize! I honestly thought you had left me.\" The two of them began to laugh, two friends reunited at last. \"Excuse me for bursting in on your moment,\" said Radio, tearing them away from their reunion, \"but mind I introduce myself?\" Muse nodded. \"Sure, I'm Muse. Get one thing clear, buster. If you lay a single slimy antenna on her, so help me, I will-\" \"Woah, Muse, we decided just to be friends! Besides, he's a great guy.\" She gave a quick wink to Radio. \"He helped me get back here. If it weren't for him, I'd still be-\" \"If it weren't for me you would not have to leave in the first place,\" he sighed. \"No, it's not like that!\" Muse lowered her back onto the table, and they were face to face once again. \"I wanted to come. I wanted to get outside, feel the open air, and watch a movie without feeling guilty for putting Muse through the pain. It was a wonderful time, and… we can still talk online, right?\" \"You bet the stars above I will keep messaging you,\" he laughed. \"You are the most interesting enigma I've had the honor of befriending in a long time.\" \"Even more than Teddy Roosevelt?\" \"Almost.\" \"So, your name is Radio, right?\" Muse asked, him nodding in return. \"Are all appliances named like that? I mean, Mr. Gardner gave us weird names; he tends to name his things-\" \"-I told him.\" Didi's cheeks next to her speakers warmed the slightest bit. \"I figured it was for the best.\" He took a moment to process that. \"Well then…\" \"Besides, you kind of ruined any 'surprise' with your happy reunion there,\" Radio added. \" Again, well then…\" the three of them proceeded to laugh at the ridiculous of the whole arrangement: a mansion in the middle of nowhere currently holding three sentient objects. Didi knew that when she came back to the 'real' world, nobody would believe her, and she would be left with the 'delusion and paranoia' of thinking that all the house's appliances were watching her. Maybe she could convince said appliances she knew their secret, but she was safe. She could start a home for them in her basement, or something like that. But for now, the strangeness of it was a joke, hardly real in her mind, and that worry could be pushed aside. \"Hey, why don't we watch a movie ,\" suggested Muse, rolling his eyes in a laugh. She shook her head. \"No no no, I wouldn't want to bother you with that-\" Radio jumped onto the couch, with the remote control in his antenna. \"-I'd be happy to. Why don't we watch something robust and exciting! Maybe there's a fine matinee on at this hour.\" \"Look, if Muse would do that for us, we could at least be polite and let him choose.\" He nodded. \"It was a joke, but yeah. Besides, I bet you'd love Speed, Radio. It has plenty of action! It's my favorite!\" \"Just last week you told me your favorite movie was Ratatouille. \" Muse blushed, visible on his screen below his eyes. \"Yeah… I was hoping you would have forgetten about that.\" The three continued to talk for a while. Radio and Muse discussed movie titles, though Didi began to lose interest. As much as she wanted to join in and give her opinion on the state of Pixar, her mind wandered to other things, like carrots and Katamaris and spoon collections. She backed away from the two guys, who did not seem to notice her. She was glad to have a chance to get away. Even the most extroverted people, or radios, need a moment alone after a big event. Most of what she wanted was to grab her blankets and take a long nap on the couch. Of course, that would not happen. She would lie awake turning until she gave up, but just a quiet time would be nice as well. Maybe once Radio leaves I'll finally start reading that one webcomic Muse keeps recommending… or perhaps I'll go steal all of Mr. Gardner's spoons! Yeah! That'd be hilarious. In the middle of her silent laugh, she let out a sigh. It would be revenge, certainly, but not nearly enough revenge… at the same time, did he really know what he was doing wrong? This could just be how they deal with prisoners in the Fairy World. If I don't leave a mess, maybe he'll have some sympathy for us and let us go… She knew that no amount of politeness or cleaning up while he was gone or any gift would get him on their side. And yet, Didi knew she could not force herself to give up hope. Not yet. Muse seemed to be so hurt because I was gone for only a day… without me, he would be so far gone… I have to keep going for him. As Didi stepped back, her right back foot pushed up against a book. Turning around, she saw the familiar blue cover of her sketchbook. The pages were uneven and stained with the familiar strawberry and raspberry jam magenta that showed up around the whole house, but otherwise, it was picturesque. It was hers, the only thing in the house that was hers and only hers. Ms. Gardner had bought it for her the first time she had left the house since their 'guests' arrival. Didi cherished the gift, even if her drawings had become much, much worse since she had lost her hands and any form of solid grip. The pages were filled with various scribbles, hardly worthy of the name 'drawings' or even 'doodles.' At first, they were images of her farm, her sister, human Muse, and all the human things she loved and remembered. At first, the images were fresh in her mind. Later on, they grew less frequent, and more 'caged in.' Turning the pages, she saw how she no longer drew herself and Muse as humans, but as the objects they had become. This was a progression, a trend she had not realized. Geez, I guess maybe I need a little help too. The last page she had drawn over, though far from the last in the book, held her latest masterpiece. Truly, it could rival Picasso. It depicted her and Muse on their latest adventure. On their magic flying carpet, they were fighting cowboys, and pirates, and the worst of all: cowboy pirates! Of course, it had been nothing but a restless dream, and when she woke up, the memories were scribbles both on paper and in her head. But something had been changed. She could not place an antenna on it at first until she saw the box that was supposed to be Muse. A smiling face had been added. Certainly inaccurate, but a nice touch that pulled the whole piece together. Still, that was not it. A color shone through the page. He must have drawn something on the other side. She turned it and was faced with some of the most beautiful drawings she had seen in a long, long time. The next few pages had been covered with crayon drawings of faces. Realistic, human faces. She recognized a couple. Jon Lovitz, Michael York, the critic guy from Ratatouille, and so many she did not recognize but assumed he had seen on TV. The final page had a picture of her and Muse. They were hugging, his long bangs brushing up against hers, both with wider smiles than ever before. She looked around the room and noticed the two Olive Garden crayons that had been left out for Muse now dropped below him, their ends dulled to flat surfaces. \"Muse, you drew this?\" she muttered, though the others heard, turning to face her. \"I had no idea you could draw so well.\" He was at a loss for words for a moment. \"Well… I know I'm not as good as you, the true artist of the operation, but-\" \"No, this is incredible! Thank you!\" She could just imagine the tears pouring from her eyes. \"These drawings are so beautiful! They deserve to be framed on the wall, not in my sketchbook. Why don't you draw more often?\" \"There simply isn't much around here to draw,\" he shrugged. Didi showed the drawings to Radio, all of which he fawned over in his usual manner. Muse's blush grew stronger and stronger, but she could tell he was enjoying it all the same. \"Radio, I hate to be rude, but I think you need to be heading back,\" she sighed. \"Pascal will be coming to the bus stop very soon.\" \"Pascal?\" \"As much as I would love to stay, you raise a good point.\" Radio stood up from the back of the couch, standing up on his four feet once again. \"I do not want to worry the others back home.\" \"Certainly,\" Muse added. \"Tell them we said goodbye, and thank you, alright?\" Just as he was about to head down the stairs, Didi called out to him one last time. \"And tell Kirby I'm sorry for disrupting everything!\" ... Thank you to everyone who wished me a 'get well soon!' I am doing much better now. So, about the title for this chapter… it is the name of a song by Aimee Mann, the voice actress of Opal in Steven Universe that I feel fits this chapter so well I could not choose just once lyric to use. Also, this fanfiction has reached 50,000 words! I am so, so excited, as I never believed I'd write a fanfiction with more than 10,000. The former holder of my longest fic only reached 8,000, so this is just incredible![Chapter 30] Chapter 30: Stereo Hearts It was already sunset again by the time Radio returned to the cabin. He pushed the heavy door open, climbing into the chilled embrace of the house. \"Home sweet home,\" he whispered, with nobody in the room to hear him. As happy as he was to be back with his fellow appliances, he knew that chances were, he would never have another adventure quite like that one. He was going to return to sitting around, waiting and waiting for a Master who forgot about them. No, he will come back. As sure as the sun rises in the morning, he will be back! Like Didi, he had to remain optimistic, if not for him, but for the others. With how worried Muse was, he figured that even if he needed a bit of time to himself to process, he should let the others know he was back. \"This just in!\" He yelled, turning his volume dial up a couple notches. Already, he heard rustling from the top floor. \"The crimson adventurer has returned from his daring feat of crossing the county! His companion has returned to her home as well, safe and sound without a scratch. They thought monsters big and small, meet new allies, and conquered the land!\" Blankey slid down the banister, while Lampy hopped down the stairs in his usual fashion. Toaster and Kirby emerged from the kitchen. When he saw Kirby, Radio's antenna twitched, and his speaker emitted a faint groan. \"Kirby, hey old friend… how have you been?\" Kirby was silent and still, and Radio felt as if his feet were going to sink into the carpet, carrying him lower than the floor. Then, his default grouchy expression turned to a grin. \"I've been enjoying having some quiet around here, you chatterbox!\" Before he had a chance to say anything, Kirby gave him a small and playful punch with his cord. All three of the other appliances joined in for a hug. Blankey's soft embrace was, for once, not a restriction, but a comfort, and something to hold on to. \"That's the most welcoming you've ever been to me. What happened while I was gone?\" Toaster laughed. \"Nothing! I was just talking to Kirby, and he wanted to apologize.\" Kirby's smile dropped. \"No I didn't. Where did you hear that?\" \"Come on, you dim-watt!\" Lampy said, giving him a glare. \"Fine, I'm sorry.\" He winced with every word he said. \"How about that?\" Radio shook his head. \"No, don't apologize. This is all my fault. Didi requested I apologize for her too, but… I just can't.\" \"Actually, thanks for bringing Miss Didi here.\" The five appliances made their way through the hallway to AC's room. \"It's nice to have a guest every now and then.\" \"Speaking of Didi, how did the date go?\" AC's voice was just as snarky as ever. I guess not everyone is glad to see me… then again, what's new? \"I bet I know what you're itching to hear, my chrome-plated cronies.\" Radio announced. Being the shortest in the group, he had to strain to face all of them. \"So tell us!\" Kirby grumbled, already back to his usual schtick. \"In all honesty, I'm not sure. It depends on what you define as 'successful.' As a date… it didn't end up with us getting hooked.\" \"Yes! I win!\" sneered AC. \"But,\" Radio said, looking him straight in the eye, \"I believe it went well. I managed to find a new friend, one with gusto and wonderful stories.\" \"Maybe we should just call the bet off,\" Toaster suggested, but Kirby and AC would not have any of it. The two larger appliances continued to bicker, with the other four backing away. \"That was not a good idea,\" said Blankey. \"So Radio,\" asked Lampy, \"was it nice spending time with another radio?\" \"...\" \"Actually, about that…\"[Chapter 31] Final Chapter: Why Do We Bother to Stay? When Radio got home, he made sure to email Didi, assuring her he was okay. The two talked, and even Muse got in a few words, as she carried the laptop to him. All in all, it was a fairly nice week for both parties. A few days later, the Gardners would be returning early in the morning, so Didi and Muse were enjoying one last night completely to themselves. It started out as a regular party, with a modified Apples to Apples duel (one of the few board or card games Didi actually enjoyed ) and an attempt at charades, before cascading into a Homestuck roleplay and blasting all the music on Youtube that never came on the radio. By 11:00 PM, Didi was laughing her antenna off while Muse struggle to push the party hat off of his head. \"And then… Dorrie Ahnder looked down to the sword that impaled her and saw her ochre blood dripping from her stomach like… like…\" \"Like an especially bad stomach wound?\" he suggested. Didi sighed. \"Weren't you an author before this?\" \"Yes, and?\" \"You've got to have a better descriptor than that.\" Muse sighed, face-antenna-ing. \"The blood dripped like a filthy yellow sponge being washed in the sink. How about that?\" She twitched in excitement. \"Perfect!\" He nodded. \"Okay then… her moirail came to her side, but as a sea dweller, he did not understand the severity of the situation. He did not understand how fragile the Mage was, and how her death could be drawing near.\" \"Well, this is getting angstier than I expected,\" Didi remarked, taking a seat on the coffee table. \"Are you bored yet?\" For a moment, he refused to say anything, but finally, he nodded as best he could. \"Yeah.\" \"What should we do now?\" She looked out the window, at the starry sky they had been hidden from for so long as if it would magically answer her question. Then again, who said it could not? Every now and then, they would find ways that house wasn't just a regular old run-down mansion, from teapots that poured themselves and plastic flowers that could grow. She smirked. \"Want to watch TV?\" \"Want to listen to the radio?\" \"Fine.\" Once again, the two pondered the simple question of what to fill their time with as they waited for the Gardners and the little kid returned. Waiting is all we do nowadays. \"We could have a draw-off,\" she suggested. He rolled his eyes. \"Didi, we both know you'd win by a long shot.\" \"Sure, buddy.\" \"I guess… you could play Cookie Clicker?\" said Muse with a shrug. \"You do really like that game, right? I don't always see the point... but if it makes you happy.\" \"I found out why I kept getting extra cookies while it was off. Mr. Gardner has been playing too!\" She groaned. \"I don't want to help that piece of filth.\" \"Bummer.\" The two of them sat there in silence for a moment, their last 'free' seconds ticking away within the clock hung up on the wall. It was an old wooden clock, with hands that always reminded Didi of a mustache when they were in the right place. She could almost see a person in it. She seriously hoped that was not the case. With a small cough, really clearing his speakers more than anything, Muse said: \"Didi, why did you come back?\" She smiled. \"I already told you, dummy! I couldn't-\" \"I mean seriously,\" he sighed. \"It's great that you care for me and all, but it shouldn't get in the way of your common sense. You could have returned home and gotten help.\" Didi was still for a moment, thinking of what to say. \"Well… I don't think my family would even recognize me. They would all just assume I was a robot some teenage sent out to prank them. Like my sister! They'd probably blame my sister! And what would I do then? Just wait a millennium in the bottom of a junk pile waiting to decompose?\" She stopped when she realized how loud her voice had gotten. It seemed as if her volume dial had a mind of its own every now and then. \"I'm… I'm so sorry, Muse. I was just so anxious to see you again. You're the best friend I ever had. The only friend. And I'm so afraid of what my family would think if I really did show up like this. I'd have to explain how I was gone three years, and how all of it was because of one stupid decision!\" At the thought of all her problems, her failed social life and how much was taken from her, she began to shiver, shaking all the circuitry within her and sending her antenna twitching like a metronome set too fast. There was a tap on her side, one which she recognized was Muse. \"No, it's fine. But I'm certain they would still love you. I doubt they would care if you were a cockroach at this point, as long as you were home.\" \"But I'm not home.\" \"Not yet. \" She turned around, surprised. \"Muse, you never believe we're ever getting out of here!\" He laughed. \"But you do. Prove me wrong, okay? You're very good at that.\" Didi couldn't help but join in. Her tension dropped, and her antenna return to it's normally crooked, but relaxed, state. No matter how bad things got, at least she had Muse. \"Want to bet on it?\" THE END So, after all this time, after 84 days in the works, we finally reach the end, and I'm am so blown away by how far this has gotten. I really never expected to get more than 15,000 words, and here we are, at the longest Brave Little Toaster fanfiction. This is certainly the strangest fanfiction I have ever written, and a huge mountain compared to everything else. I'm honestly not sure how I can top this. My gratitude goes to all of you who have reviewed this, and especially those who still read the story even when it turned out to not be a romance. The reason for that twist was that this is supposed to be a parody of all the ships where the only reason people pair the characters is because they have one major theme or ability in common, and not because they would actually ever meet and be compatible. Jack Frost and Elsa is a good example of what I mean. People think they would go so well together, but in the end of the day, what if they didn't even have that one link? Even though this adventure is over, please feel free to suggest new ideas in the reviews! I may not write it, but it never hurts to try. All in all, have a wonderful day, reader! Thank you for your time! ","Summary":" Author's Note: I do not own Brave Little Toaster, or any other mentioned and/or parodied properties"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"October: 31 Word Prompts","Author":"H. K. Rissing","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7427359","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cody used to think that the color orange was really ugly. Like prison jumpsuits- not that he'd ever had any experience with them, nor ever planned to. Like fall leaves that covered the basketball court and made it hard to play without slipping all over the place. Like cheap candy that gave you a sugar high so strong you couldn't sit still through math class and failed a test as a result. And then, in his senior year at his high school, he ran into a girl who changed all that. Marnie Piper was different from any girl he'd ever met, especially any girl at his school, where they were all superficial and beautiful, like Barbie dolls. Perfectly polished exteriors, but hollow underneath. He hadn't even known she attended this school. She was smart and funny, and the perfect mixture of strange and self-confident, eccentric and perfectly assured. And it also didn't hurt that, while she was not a drop-dead, like the cheerleaders Cody was by now used to throwing themselves at him, she certainly was not ugly. Not in the least. Or that she smelled like candles, and pumpkins with spice, and brown sugar and fall leaves. But the strangest, and also most attractive thing about her, was her preoccupation with Halloween. Every day, she had a spider pin on her jacket, or a ghost necklace, or socks with skeletons- something like that. But more conspicuously, every day, she wore something orange. It had become something of a game to Cody- what orange was Marnie wearing today? And it was all those times that he realized orange was not a harsh color. It was a nice, comforting color, deep and rich. He realized that he really liked the color orange. Especially when it was being worn by Marnie Piper. Happy October the First![Chapter 2] I want that cookie My mom says no, makes me mad But then she eats one. All credit has to go to my excellent sister, S.A. Rissing.[Chapter 3] That crazy Cromwell witch, the young one, whose face was as yet unlined and hair long and shiny. Imagine, having the nerve to barge into his home, his lovely, beautiful, cluttered, pigsty of a home, and tell him that in an alternate future, it would be turned clean. All of his piles of clutter, gone! His filth, his molds, his grime and grit and gristle and other generally disgusting things- vanished! His mounds of trash and trinkets and junk, all disappeared. That he would groom himself, stand up straight in- horrors!- a matching suit set, with a tie. That he would talk in dulcet, calm tones, instead of bellowing or growling. That he would sort socks and read books about the Joy of Mathematics for fun! It was just too much for him to fathom. He shook his old head, and set back about his work, which was tangling things up under the front steps, and sweeping dirt under the \"Go Away\" mat. Thankfully, the little Cromwell girl had found what she needed, apparently, and not a moment too soon, because as she was jettisoning away on her broomstick with the squeamishly protesting goblin (whose nose and ears were quite admirable) behind her, he realized with a shake of disgust that he had begun to think their prolonged presence was tolerable! So he and all of his junk were safe. He walked inside, gleefully tracking mud onto the heaps of layered rugs and what little parts of the concrete floor could be seen. And then he realized that the Cromwell and her goblin pet had actually sorted some of his default possessions! (Anything that was lost, he figured, was fair game, and if it wasn't claimed after two centuries, it was rightfully his) They had put all the no longer in style shirts in one pile, all the books about history in another pile, all of the magazines and rubber alligator toys in separate piles as well. In the time those two scabs had been in his home, they had managed to skim off the top layer of debris and organize it. He shook his head furiously, feeling his jowls quiver along with his indignation. He was Gort, the meanest, smelliest, most foul-tempered creature in all of Halloweentown! He had never been organized once before a day in all of his sixty thousand and twenty-seven years! The mess that little Cromwell brat had left in her wake! It would take days for him to get everything back to the way it was meant to be. He felt his eyeball veins coming out, and his head shaking became even more violent, as he bellowed with every molecule of air in his lungs, \"CROMWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLS!\"[Chapter 4] Natalies' words replayed in Dylan's head for what must have been the hundredth time that hour. \"The ugliest, most repulsive creature I ever laid eyes on,\" Admittedly, he had freaked out when he saw her. It wasn't really his fault. She had always looked so normal, so good, and then, she was just so. . . pink. Het fuzzy hair and squashy nose, and her skin made the colors of her clothes a brighter shade of neon, so that she shone like a beacon. The only thing about her that hadn't changed was her eyes. They were still a deep shade of warm brown. Even after seeing all the strange things he had been introduced to through his grandma and wacko sister, seeing calm, cool, collected Natalie turn into this. . . . this crazy riotous pink troll thing, hardly even qualifyable as a girl, save for the violent coloring of her skin, was too much. He'd called her a big pink fuzzy troll creature. He'd never appreciated it, in books, when they said, 'the second they said the words, they wished they could take them back,' but now he knew it was the absolute truth. It was possible to regret something almost simultaneously to saying it. But if his obvious shock to her appearance had humiliated her, then his words had angered her. \"Back home, people think I'm beautiful,\" she had snapped, lashing out in return. And that was when he realized, with a jolt of stinging pain, what she must have thought of him. \"Then you must think I'm-\" he'd said, unable to continue, and so she did for him, \"the ugliest, most repulsive creature I ever laid eyes on.\" She must have found his pale skin and relatively calm hair just as strange as he found her bushy locks and fluorescent coloring. He had thought that she was like him. Quiet and smart, not thinking there was anything wrong with him, and yet still suffering scorn from the world, sometimes for no reason. He thought that perhaps he had found someone who finally liked him better than Marnie, who wasn't drawn in by the wild glamour of magic. But he was wrong. She was a part of Marnies' wild, glamorous, magical world, and no matter how pale and lovely her human façade was, her true appearance showed that. One of the only people whom he'd felt a kinship with in- well, for as long as he could remember, the only person outside of his family whom he'd felt he could be himself- a self-described (because plainly no one else cared enough to) mix of quirky/nerdy, emphasis on the nerdy, with, didn't understand him. Thought he was as ugly as every other female apparently did. Thought he was just the same as every other human, even though he was so different. The ugliest, most repulsive creature she ever laid eyes on.[Chapter 5] Agatha Cromwell had been nervous all month. This Halloween, Marnie's thirteenth Halloween, was supposed to mark the end of her training. It would have, if Aggie had gotten her way. If she had gotten her way, her headstrong daughter Gwen would still be living with her in their world, helping her keep an eye on things and continuing the long, long illustrious line of Cromwell Witches in Halloweentown, and her precious granddaughters would have known about their birthright since their first breaths. Marnie would have already been apprenticed and trained flawlessly, ready to take over when Gwen and Aggie were ready for her, and Sophie would just be learning her second tier spellcasting techniques. She had been trying since day one to subtly tell Marnie what she was. It was Grandma Aggie who had told her about witches, told her about magic spells and fantastic creatures, given her books about famous witches and witchcraft and magic, all in the guise of bedtime stories and silly tales. It was Grandma Aggie who planted vivid dreams of flight and far off, wonderful places populated by the strange and the macabre where her eccentricities would be accepted in Marnies' sleeping mind- a world she knew Marnie would dismiss as a dream instead of a vision of the truth, happening only a dimension away. It was Grandma Aggie who had held Marnie in her arms on her first day of life and whispered all the truths of what she was in her fuzzy, perfectly formed little baby ear, knowing the words would not register in her conscious mind, but praying that somehow it would be enough to make her question the mundane Mortal World that would surround her. Aggie could see Marnie's aura, a bright orange that crackled like a fire and shone all around her three feet in every direction, sparkling with gold and red and little traces of brown. Every year, her aura had gotten smaller, less brilliant. It didn't crackle anymore, but flickered sluggishly, because Marnie had been told so many, many times that the things she so desperately wished were real were nothing but fantasy, told to let go of childish flights of fancy and grow up. Aggie had always tried to bolster her aura secretly, whenever Gwen wasn't looking. Aggie had always tried to respect her daughter's wishes, and never told her grandchildren directly about magic, but this, she felt, was almost unendurable. Marnie should at least be free to choose which path she wanted to walk- a simple mortal girl or a Cromwell Witch. It hurt Aggie so deeply to know that after this night, all depending on whether or not she could do her job well enough, such a powerful flame would be extinguished for all time, and she would have to depend on being able to sway Sophie. (whose natural-born magical gifts were not nearly as pronounced as Marnies', but she'd do. Anything was better than nothing) That night, Aggie sat in Marnie and Sophie's room, all of which had been decorated according to Marnie's tastes, and therefore was covered in strange glyphs and printouts of the solar system, posters of the moon and bands alike, cutouts from annual Halloween magazines. Her bookcase was filled with nothing but fantasy books, and well-worn encyclopedias of \"things that never were\". Mystical scarves and bead curtains covered the windows and doors, candles on every surface, a pentagram dripped in berry-red wax on the beige rug (Gwen must have hit the roof about that one)- proving that Marnie did, deep in her subconscious, know that she was destined for something more. But what made Aggie the happiest about her granddaughter's room were the drawings. Marnie had covered every other available space with her own drawings- of mutants and creatures, cats and ghosts and skeletons and cobwebs and jack-o-lanterns, dark silhouettes flying across the moon, broomsticks and spellbooks and runes, and witches, in buckled shoes and sweeping cloaks and pointed, wide-brim hats. On the left-hand bottom corner of all of the drawings, Marnie had written a different quotation about magic, or about whatever the subject of her drawing. In her heart of hearts, Marnie knew she was a witch. She had to. Aggie told them all about Halloweentown, calling it by name, speaking of it like the real place it was. The book Aggie drew, seemingly out of her sleeve, was titled Halloweentown. They flipped through the pages, talking and reading along, Aggie trying her hardest to project waves of acceptance at Marnie. And it was that moment that Aggie felt bold enough to drop the biggest hint she ever had. On the next page, there was a witch, soaring through the night sky away from the bright Town Hall, deep maroon and lilac robes billowing around her. Agatha made sure that the witch's face matched Marnie's, right down to the freckle on her left cheek. It pained her to say so, when Dylan asked her to clarify that Halloweentown was not a real place. The ache in her heart got sharper with every word that came out of her mouth, telling her beloved grandchildren that her home did not exist. And later, when after twelve years of heavily hinting and beating around the bush and fights with Gwen about her encouragement of Marnies' love of the arcane, Marnie still had not guessed that she was a witch and come with Aggie to Halloweentown, Aggie let a single tear make its winding way down her wrinkled face as she walked to the bus stop. It was in part a tear for herself, because now who could possibly help her, when Halloweentown seemed to be in trouble? But it was mostly a tear for her granddaughter, vivacious Marnie, born with a foot in both worlds, condemned never to fit in here, born to want something more. And now she could never have anything but a normal existence. Exactly as Gwen had wanted. Marnie might as well just give up dreaming now. Aggie climbed onto the bus, and prepared to face another year of loneliness and putting on a happy face, yet another year of scheming and plotting, and hoping, hoping, hoping that Sophie would be more susceptible than Marnie had been. Marnie had had so much potential. And now it would all go to waste.[Chapter 6] The Mayor Kalabar had always been a paradoxical figure in Halloweentown. Everyone knew him- from the oldest, most decrepit banshee to the youngest little pumpkin-head. He was everywhere, all the time, cheery, energetic and helpful, knew everyone by name, and there didn't seem to be a single problem he couldn't fix. There was no one in Halloweentown who hadn't had a conversation with him, who didn't inexplicably trust him as though they'd known him all their lives. But strangely enough, no one knew a thing about his personal life. He, of course, had a squeaky-clean record- you couldn't find anyone with a single bad thing to say about him, no matter how deeply you dug. He had graduated from Witch U with the highest honors, interned for the previous mayor (an old warlock of profound age now content to sit on his front porch with his shriveled old wife and watch the people pass) for five years, and when the time came, was inaugurated with no problems whatsoever. The most serious trouble he had ever been in was the one time he had been awarded a demerit for being late to his history class. His parents passed away within five days of each other three months into his mayorhood. He had been married to Andamare Silver, a witch of the Dalloway clan, at a respectable age, and their union had produced a solitary child, christened only Kalabar, but called Kal. And that was all anyone knew of his personal life. During his first years at college, Kalabar (By now no one knew his first name- he referred to himself as Kalabar, or Mayor Kalabar, if he had to, and so everyone else did, too) had been romantically unattached, but during his last two and his internship, he had courted Andamare, and eventually, she agreed to marry him. The entire town turned out for their wedding. At first, his wife and himself lived in a quaint little cottage at the heart of town, but a few months later, as if overnight, Andamare vanished. Kalabar revealed that he had moved her to the country, because, bursting with pride as he said so, she was going to be having a child. Months later, wife and tiny son returned and both were the talk of the town, the center of attention. Later, they were both moved back out to the country. \"She's delicate,\" the mayor had quietly admitted, when questioned. \"And I want my son to grow up away from the pressures and isolation of being 'The Mayor's Son.'\" Most mysterious, everyone who had known Andamare previously miraculously forgot that the highly spirited witch was anything but delicate. Andamare and Kal were seen- infrequently, but seen nevertheless over the years. In fact, the only times they were seen were at large public functions when the mayor and his family's presence was required. Kalabar never mentioned them, and no one had ever broached the subject, for fear that something might be horridly wrong and he might not want to discuss it. But notably, every Halloween, no matter how many dozens of parties the mayor popped in at, his family was never seen. They mayor never hosted a party himself, and every All Hallows Eve, around nine o'clock, he disappeared, too. Gradually, Halloweentown forgot about the blond-haired, ambition-driven wraith of a witch and her dark-eyed son. Nobody went out to the country to visit them in their large old house. Nobody even knew where the house was, save for the fact that it was on ancestral family lands. And later, when Kalabar had revealed himself as a power-crazed lunatic, when they tried to find his family, neither wife, son, nor house was anywhere to be found. They scoured the entirety of Halloweentown, every corner, nook, and cranny of their world. And still they never found his widow and son. It was as if their entire existence had been wiped from the face of the earth, as if they had ceased to be when he did. A family most curious, indeed.[Chapter 7] The night air was cool and dry, swirling through the neighborhood under the baleful orange gaze of a fat harvest moon, carrying eddies of leaves and shrieks of children with it. People of all ages scurried, scampered, cavorted and strolled from house to house, turned out in the most varied and outrageous costumes. Kal, dark haired and darker eyed, having just emerged from a shadowy copse of trees in a local park, smirked as he saw them. In a few hours, they'd see the error of having decked themselves in the most grotesque costumes their minds could think up. The wind felt wonderful on his neck and face- the perfect amount of chill to be dispelled by the black leather jacket that covered his torso. His plan was perfect, infallible; there was nothing that could stop him now, not even that meddling old Cromwell bag, her black-sheep daughter and brattishly ignorant granddaughter. He smiled, breathing in the darkness and the thousands of smells that surrounded him. He couldn't help feeling happily supercilious. Even though Halloween had been branded as an evil holiday where a whole manner of wicked, anarchic things happened here in the mortal world, it was nothing but a shadow of the Halloweentown revelries on this night. Tonight, the seeds of his plan would take root and bloom too swiftly for anyone to stop them, and finally, finally, his fathers' memory would be avenged. Nothing could spoil his happiness. He heard some shuffling and a wet splat behind him. He scowled- apparently, there was something that could spoil his happiness. He turned around to glare at his new creation. That was why he had been in the woods- to gather together toads, the most complex creatures that could still be used to make a golem. Toads from Halloweentown, where their eyes glittered with evil intelligence and the moistness from their lumpy skin could grant limited foresight, would have been ideal, so that the golem could process more than the most basic of commands, but everything from his world would be turning gray and losing its' magical properties soon. And besides, golems couldn't be brought through portals. His newly made golem was lurching about bent over double, taking odd hopping steps and licking at the air. Kal felt his lip curl in disgust- he was calling this pathetic thing his father? \"Golem!\" He snapped curtly. The golem stopped his shuffling walk and looked up at him, deference and adoration plain in his big wet eyes. \"Walk upright, like me,\" Kal instructed, resenting that the golem was too stupid to figure it out for himself. \"Stop putting your tongue out of your mouth. It's unsanitary and gross. You're a humanoid creature now- try to act like it.\" The golem had straightened, sucked his tongue into his mouth, and nodded at Kal's' words. \"Now, try to keep up,\" Kal instructed icily. \"My name is Kal. Your name is Alex. You are my father,\" The wonderment that entered the golems' eyes made Kal roll his. \"Obviously,\" he said, in a voice greatly strained by irritation, \"You are not my real father. You are my creation- I used magic to give you a human form. But we are going to visit some people, and they don't know that we know about magic. We are going to keep it that way. You are not to give any indication of any kind that you are anything but a regular human. Now, repeat after me. My name is Alex.\" \"Mnmmmmmm Alex,\" slurred the golem. \"Try again,\" Kal commanded. \" My namm Alexx,\" \"And again,\" \"My name Alex,\" \"Once more,\" \"My name is Alex!\" \"Well done!\" said Kal sarcastically, but the golem swelled with pride. \"Repeat after me again. This is my son, Kal,\" \"This is mmmm son, Kkkal,\" \"Again.\" \"This is my son Kal.\" \"Now- my name is Alex, and this is my son, Kal.\" \"My name is Alex, and this is my son, Kal.\" \"Now- we've just moved in down the street.\" \"We've just moved in down the street.\" \"Well done. You can stop repeating me now. Can I trust you to behave yourself, carry on a conversation, and not do anything out of the ordinary?\" Kal asked, and as he did so, he, for lack of a better term, uploaded the thousands of words necessary for basic conversation directly to the golems' blank brain, along with all the sights and sounds and scents, so that the tiniest little things wouldn't overwhelm him. The golem's mind accepted it, and Kal sighed with relief. The magic that he'd used to form the golem had been strong enough to hold together, even after he'd added all those thoughts and feelings and senses. If it hadn't, the golem would have exploded, and he would have had to start all over. \"Yes,\" The golem said as he nodded. \"You can depend on me, son.\" Kal resisted the urge to slap something as he turned on his heel and resumed walking, mentioning for the golem to follow. \"Now, these witches,\" Kal began, addressing his creation indirectly, feeling he deserved fair warning, \"are Cromwell witches, and they are bad. The very worst kind. They're sneaky, cunning, and deceitful, liars and posers and cheats. They're clever enough to make insidious plots, and patient enough to wait for the right moment to strike. The old woman looks kindly, but she's the worst of them all. And the young girl? She doesn't know much, but she has enough power to reconfigure the galaxy. They won't think twice about taking everything from you- your powers, your family, your mind- or even your life.\" Like usual, he felt a welling gray ache of pain in his torso, as always when he spoke of the death of his father. But he mastered it, pushing it down with anger, the way he had learned to. His father would not have wanted him to turn into a sappy little loser just because he died, was gone, would never be seen or spoken to again. He would have wanted to be avenged. And now he finally would be. Sorry I'm late with this, I meant to post it yesterday, but I was out of town, and besides FINALLY GOT MY HANDS ON A COPY OF THE SON OF NEPTUNE. (no more needs to be said)[Chapter 8] There was one wish that Marnie Piper always made on every star, birthday candle, 11:11 and dandelion puff- to be able to fly. When she was younger, that was the way she had phrased it- \"To be able to fly any way possible.\" But as she went through elementary school, she realized that anyone who would hear and grant her wish would take her at her word, and so she changed the phraseology of her biggest wish- \"To be able to fly, specifically by help of a broomstick.\" Therefore, she reasoned, she wouldn't suffer any unwanted side effects- and if she could fly on a broomstick, that would mean she was a witch, granting her second-deepest wish- and second by only a hairs breadth! Marnie had always enjoyed being outside at night. She had never wanted to be far away from civilization at night, but she still loved seeing the stars and the moon. They were mysterious and glistening, light-years away from everything normal and boring that Marnie was surrounded with. She could spend hours at a time standing outside, looking at the night sky. Especially during the month of October. Almost every night, she'd stand there in the scrubby little backyard of their house, in her matching pajama shirt and pants covered with cartoon characters, arms wrapped around herself, mist swirling around her bare feet, her breath blooming in the crisp fall air in front of her, gazing at the black-and-white night sky. But every Halloween, even though her mother would never let her go trick-or-treating, Marnie still dressed up, every year, as the same thing, because her grandmother had always complimented her on her outfit. Her witch costume changed as she grew over the years, but it always contained the same basic components. She always wore her pointed black witches' hat, her flowing scarves, and any shoes that didn't totally ruin the look. She always lamented her lack of believable-looking props, like mystical symbols or lace-up boots, or a cloak of red velvet, but she was mostly happy with what she had. She did have to hide the clothes year-round, to keep her mother from finding and possibly burning them. And every Halloween, before Grandma Aggie had come but after the moon had risen, she would take the regular, plastic-shafted, black-bristled broom from the closet in the kitchen where all the cleaning supplies were, and she'd walk out to the backyard. She'd clutch the broom between her legs, and hop around on the ground, willing herself to lift into the air. Later, when Sophie had expressed a desire to play outside, they had purchased a plastic play fort with swings attached. Then Marnie had sat on the swing, pumping her legs as hard as she could, swinging through the dark night air like a pendulum, praying that she would launch forward magically, soar over the house and circle the neighborhood, touching down lightly on the front porch hours later, hair windswept, cheeks red, and breathless. When that had never worked, in a desperate last-ditch attempt on Halloween when she was twelve years old, she had slid down the slide with the broom tucked under her. She had landed in a tangled heap at the bottom of the slide, trying to brush sparkling, crystalline teardrops from her face. She had been bruised for days afterwards. She had her very own broom now, brightly colored and speedy. She could soar on it, floating through the sky like a witch cut-out suspended on a string, any time she wanted, as long as she made sure no one saw her. Besides the wonder of knowing her birthright, the glory of knowing her power, the power of casting a successful spell, she would definitely say that at last, after so many years of dreaming, the deepest wish that she had cherished in her heart for so many years had been granted, and the gift of flight was finally hers. Dedicated wholly to my sister, L.E. Rissing, who tried all of the above, but, sadly, never succeeded. I love you, pretty![Chapter 9] Luke used to hate looking in mirrors. His mother had always told him that the way he looked was nothing to be ashamed of, that his long ears and bushy hair, his warts and protruding nose were to be expected in a healthy goblin, were admirable. He had dismissed her wisdom, like usual, not caring until too late, and gone back to fretting over his reflection. He had been a vain creature, vanity so strong and not usually found in creatures deemed \"ugly\" by the rest of Halloweentown. All he had wanted was to be handsome, to look like a mortal. One day, his wish had been granted. A dark thing with an aversion to sunlight had offered him good looks, and respect of certain hard-to-impress Halloweentown circles, if he would agree to be his operative in the daylight hours, and Luke, blinded by the desire to be beautiful, the greed for easy respect, had agreed in heartbeat. When Kalabar had been vanquished, the spell had been broken, and he had reverted to his normal form. He had cowered inside Marnie's red cloak, breathing in her scent as he cringed on the cobblestones, praying she would forget about him, hoping fervently that she would leave without the cloak, that she would not see him this way. She had come for the cloak, though, and to thank him for his help, and he was encouraged by the fact that he did not repulse her. She was not even disturbed. When he got home, his mother didn't say a thing about his new (old) appearance, but she smiled behind the newspaper, and gave him a hug. He looked in the mirror that he had arranged to be prominently displayed in his room, and saw all of his warts and his long ears, his yellowy skin and his bushy, tangled rust-red hair. But he wasn't disgusted, the way he thought he would be. He had grown up considerably, thanks to Marnie. He knew that his looks weren't something he should have to hide or shy away from. He was a goblin, and now he knew better than to want to look like a mortal. He was proud of the way he looked. And would never be so stupid, so blind as to help something obviously evil again, let himself be pulled under by the promise of something easy. But, as he removed his mirror from the wall, tucked it under a dropcloth in the attic, the fact that he had realized his goblin looks weren't something to wish away, that didn't mean he wanted to be reminded that he no longer had any sort of chance with a certain Cromwell witch.[Chapter 10] It was a sunny Saturday morning, and Agatha Cromwell was very happy about that fact. Halloweentown had been suffering from some nasty bouts of bad weather, and now the sun was out to chase away the fog and damp puddles and stiff creakiness that had alarmingly begun to settle itself in Aggies' bones on rainy days. She hurried on her way downtown, with a sunny smile and a few kind words of greeting for anyone she happened to pass. The sun began really shining in earnest as she made her winding way down the streets from her grand, cluttered house on the hills that overlooked the town to Halloweentown proper. Halloweentown was such a festive, cheerful place, full of happy people living their lives. How could anyone find them scary? Aggie continued her purposeful walk through the streets of the town, being called out to, stopped to discuss something with, and bowed to once or twice. It was lovely to be respected. She couldn't stop to chat long though, because one of her favorite stores was having a huge sale, for no apparent reason, and she figured that while her good luck held, what with the sale and the nice weather, she might as well capitalize on it. She reached the store, Ruckury Brothers Lmt. Its large, storefront window, was, as usual, filled with quaint little antique cauldrons and fortune-telling tea sets, tarot cards and spellbooks galore. Aggie pushed her way in, hearing the bell over the door tinkle, and took in a deep breath of the musty air inside the shop. Today it was filled with patrons, rushing back and forth asking sales associates how much things cost, tripping over scarf racks, and messing up the displays. Aggie smiled as she gently shouldered her way to her favorite corner, over by the back window. It was their \"Trash or Treasure\" Corner- they did business with Gort the Junk Man- if he could hold onto anything he found that seemed interesting until Friday morning, Frederick or Gregory Ruckury would pay him handsomely, and then sell it back to the good people of Halloweentown for a reasonable price, which was why they did such good business. Today there seemed to be more trash than treasure on the clothing rack, and Aggie flipped through them quickly. She came to the last item on the rack, and stopped cold. It was the most beautiful red velvet cloak. It had gold trim, and a generous hood, to accommodate the matronly yet elegant pouf she had taken to wearing her brown-swirled-with-silver hair done up into. The inside was flannel, warm enough to keep out the dampest winter chill, and it was covered with planetary designs, Aggies' pattern of choice for clothes, and really just about anything else. It was perfect! She had been looking for something to cheer her up this impending winter- the first one that she would be spending alone since her daughter ran awa- no, best not to spoil such a happy moment with such sad thoughts. Aggie purchased the cloak, and wore it home, feeling very pleased. Wrote this for lack of any different ideas. (Mintgum666888, your fic is forthcoming) In it, Aggie is significantly younger- Gwen has only just recently run away from home, and her hair is not yet completely white. This is the red cloak that she is wearing when we first meet her in the first movie. And yes, I did steal the name Ruckury from another Disney Channel Original movie- the Little Vampire. Ironically, in that movie, Ruckury is a vampire hunter, and the names Frederick and Gregory are the names of two of the vampires he's trying to kill. If you haven't watched that movie, I suggest you do, it's a really good one.[Chapter 11] Marnie thanked her friend's mother for the ride home from school, and shut the door behind her. She walked slowly up the driveway as her friend and her mother drove away in their suburban. The driveway was a fiery path of bright golden leaves, and Marnie crunched her way towards the door, fiddling in her pocket for her house key. She had been dreading going home all day, because she had failed yet another math test and had to have it signed by her parent- and she knew exactly what her mother would think. She let herself in, and was surprised to find the house quiet and empty. She felt herself perk up a little in spite of herself- was her mother not home? She walked through the downstairs of their house. No pre-school Sophie parked in front of the tv, the way she usually was when Marnie came home from school, no Dylan camped at the kitchen table pouring over advanced math, no Mom puttering around doing whatever it was moms did. Instead of Dylan and all his math homework, there was a note on the kitchen table. Marnie abandoned her bags and picked up the note. It read, \"Hey, Marnie, taken Dylan and Sophie shoe-shopping, be back at five thirty, left you a treat in the microwave. Love, Mom,\" Marnie felt a little moved by the note, and also a little bit justified: it was her mother's roundabout way of apologizing for the fight they had the night before. Her mother had been unreasonably refusing to permit Marnie to go see a movie with some friends, because, with the help of Dylan, she had looked up the movie summary online, and realized it contained themes about magic. Marnie walked over to and opened the microwave. There, sitting on the turntable, on a little paper plate, was two little pieces of heaven in food form- chocolate cupcakes with chocolate icing. They were even covered with orange sprinkles. Marnie contemplated them for a moment. Her mother hated the color orange, especially when in conjunction with the color brown- it probably reminded her too much of Halloween or something equally mommish- but she knew Marnie loved it. Marnie bit into one of the cupcakes with relish. It was delicious. Written because I am eating a cupcake right now. This is supposed to take place before Marnie knows about magic or Halloweentown, so she's in early middle school. Thanks to everyone whose favorited and reviewed![Chapter 12] In Halloweentown, there was only one family that never failed to disappoint, one family that always rose above expectations. That family was the Cromwells. They had been the thinkers, scientists, philosophers, teachers, and all-around top-notch witches and wizards for centuries. Agatha Cromwell, the only Cromwell still alive in Halloweentown, and her husband Roald Fogerty, had one child: Gwendolyn. Gwen had never shown the preternatural abilities everyone expected from Aggie Cromwells' daughter. She had always been out-and-out normal. There had never been anything astounding or astonishing about her, anything out of the ordinary. She had average grades, slightly above average looks, and an average amount of power. But using her powers had never come easily to her. She had never let on to anyone that using her powers was a struggle, and had a 50/50 chance of going wrong, no matter what it was. Her mother had never been angry. She had never raised her voice or her hand at Gwen, had never insulted her or purposefully made her feel like a nothing. But that wasn't to say that Gwen didn't still constantly feel inferior. Her mother had a towering reputation, and a reputation like that cast a long shadow and left very deep footprints, which Gwen knew that she was not only supposed to fill up, but somehow do even more than. \"It's okay, sweetheart,\" Her mother would say. \"There's still next year for you to get your broomstick license. It's not the end of the world.\" But somehow her disappointment had been even worse than if she had been angry, as though Gwen had somehow let her down, as if trying her hardest still wasn't enough. Even so, Gwen had always resented her mother. She resented, in the secret, dark, wormy part in the back of her mind, the fact that her mother was so powerful, when she was so. . . not. She resented that when she caused a magical catastrophe, her formidable mother would sweep in and clean it up. She resented that her mother snapped her fingers and what she wanted was done. She resented her mother for bringing her into the world, with her powers that, when judged on a Cromwell scale, were bottom-of-the-barrel. She had always been closer to her father. He also, lived in Aggies' shadow, but unlike her, he consciously made that choice. Sadly, Roald exited Gwen's life too early. He died of a fatal heart attack when an electrical current passed through his heart during a magical science experiment for Witch U, where he help the post of head of the Applied Sciences division. Gwen had been thirteen years old. After her father died, she began to stop trying as hard. She dragged her feet all through her apprenticeship, with Aggie kindly, quietly, poking and pushing from behind. When she was fifteen, she started up a friendship with a jovial boy who had twinkling black eyes, curling black hair and olive skin. His one name was Kalabar. His power and looks, his infectious charm, his ability to make you feel good with just a smile, the way you felt like you were the only other person alive when his eyes locked onto yours, drew Gwen in irrevocably. Their relationship blossomed during the end of their high school careers. Kalabar loved to use his magic to show her how much he loved her, adored her. And it was easy to hide behind him, to let his power do the talking. Gwen fell out of infatuation with Kalabar when she discovered there was something that could make her feel even more special than he could. The Mortal World was filled with people who knew nothing about magic, and therefore couldn't judge her for the fact that she had to struggle to lift a textbook magically. People who would never know that she had always felt like her world considered her mediocre. Their Halloween celebrations, the only parts about the Mortal World that Gwen got to experience firsthand, were totally lame by Halloweentown standards, but Gwen was very tired of all the magical show and spectacle of her mother's world. In the Mortal World, she wouldn't have to be below average. She wouldn't have to have people looking at her and wondering, \"what happened?\" She could be normal. It would be effortless, unlike anything back in Halloweentown had been. Effortless.[Chapter 13] The doorbell rang, for the fifteenth time that hour. He had printed out the sign himself, which read, \"Please Help Yourself To One Piece Of Candy.\" He guessed the sign must have been torn down and hoodlums had emptied the bowl into their pillowcases minutes after the sun went down. Those children in his neighborhood. . . . they would insist upon stupidity. He sighed. His mother was in the middle of a loud, huffy argument with Marnie, and Sophie was simple-mindedly watching a glowing prism dangling from the window, repeating, \"Someone's coming!\" happily to herself. (That was ridiculous. No matter what so-called \"experts\" said, there was no such thing as ESP. As if his six-year old sister could know someone was coming!) Therefore, Dylan realized it would fall to him to deter the reprobates. He put aside his homework and walked to the door. He had learned in years past that opening the door did him no good; he'd washed egg and homemade (and therefore unsatisfactory) treats out of his hair many times before. \"Sorry,\" He said loudly. \"We don't have any more candy.\" The kids, who weren't even from his neighborhood, gave him the evil eye, and made unsavory gestures at him as they traipsed away. \"It isn't as if you needed the extra unsaturated fat, anyway,\" he murmured after their retreating forms. Hoping that one day he'd have the guts to say something like that to where people could actually hear. He sat back down, and resumed his work. Later, after the heat of Marnie and their mothers' argument had abated, his grandmother sailed across the threshold of their house. Truth be known, Dylan had always secretly looked forward to her beguiling, strange visits, with her never-empty carpet bag and her bizarre tales. True, her distracting visits disrupted the careful order of his logical, elementary-school world, but it was always fun. Pure, flat-out, old-fashioned, fun. This time in particular though, she seemed to have a large amount of stuff crammed into her carpet beg (which Dylan had decided he would one day steal so that he could figure out how it so insouciantly defied the laws of physics). She always had brightly wrapped sweets unlike anything that could be purchased anywhere else, and this year, as ever, they were present in profusion. And, as ever, there were costumes. \"I think I'm a pimple!\" Dylan decided. He then realized that he had said this out loud, when Marnie, the CEO of Nutcases Inc., granted him a withering glance. His grandmother bestowed a twinkling smile on him. The night deteriorated swiftly. There was serious unspoken tension crackling in between his mother and his grandmother, which obviously wasn't helped by Marnie's perky weirdness, the way she only was around their grandmother, someone who had never once shushed her or hadn't been interested when she regaled her with tales of all the strange creatures she found tell of, or the long-winded dreams she'd had. So, yes, his grandmother's visits were the indulgent fun that Mom's Favorite was hardly ever allowed. He truly had no time for this frivolity. There was math homework to be attended to! 'But what was one night in the grand scheme of things?', he reasoned as he hefted the giant pimple suit over his head.[Chapter 14] There was something unbelievably fun about being scared spitless. About knowing that you were perfectly safe, that they couldn't get you, but still letting fear take over. About screaming at the top of your lungs as they came at you with chainsaws and dripping severed parts of anatomy- knowing that the blade was rubber and if they caught you, the worst they could do was grunt that you were ruining the show and send you on your way, and that the body parts dripped red Kool-Aid mixed with cornstarch, but shrieking anyway. About seeing all the strange costumes and death-defying injuries and wondering how long it took them every night to put on all that makeup. There was something ridiculously enjoyable about being at a haunted house. This haunted house was sprawled across five acres, but the house itself wasn't comprised of all five. No, it was labeled a \"Halloween Compound- Family-Oriented Halloween Fun for Everyone!\" It boasted a small maze made of hay bales, a hay ride, a haunted hay ride, a ghost walk, a food stand that served nothing but apple cider, pumpkin-flavored things, barbeque, caramel corn and candy apples, and a very fine haunted house. Marnie had picked it because she knew that Dylan wouldn't come unless there were other tings for him to do (He thought there was something utterly horrifying about being scared spitless and had to \"go to the bathroom\" every time a werewolf made a kill in a movie) and she wanted it to be a family event. The crescent moon was a silvery sliver in the night sky, and the trees that grew tall and dark everywhere rustled in the breeze, shedding leaves that children leapt to try and catch. Jack-o-lanterns, carved into comical or frightening faces or depicting little scenes, glowed rosily at nearly every interval. Marnie and Sophie bounced up and down with excitement, waiting in line to enter the house, which loomed before them, three decrepit stories of terror. They'd had plans to go to a haunted house ever since the summer, and they wanted to do so before all the \"exchange students\" from Halloweentown got there- Marnie wasn't sure if they'd think the haunted house was good fun or be offended and demand to return to their home, insulted. Grandma Aggie had been telling funny stories from a mystical, far-off place called Halloweentown to children who were small and fussy, faces sticky from candy apples, while they waited for their older brothers and sisters to come out of the haunted house. Gwen was being bored by Dylan about why the molecular structure of caramel corn made it so delicious. Marnie and Sophie got up to the house, were admitted into their group of fifteen, and ducked inside, gleefully anticipating being frightened. Twenty-five minutes later, they all met up again, outside of the barbeque stand. After seeing all of the people who had been mutilated inside the house, neither Marnie nor Sophie wanted barbeque and stuck with caramel corn. They were all having a good time- Gwen, because her family was all together, for once there had been no squabbling and there had been no mention of the word \"magic,\" and Marnie because anything to do with Halloween would make her happy. Who would have though that going to a haunted house, of all places, would bring even a temporary peace to their tumultuous family? I know, I know, I'm REALLY behind on updates, and I am so sorry- the teachers at my place of education decided that this would be an excellent week to attempt to slay us all with work, in order to make up for the fact that WE HAVE TOMORROW OFF! But fear not! More are headed out, hopefully by today, and if not, then tomorrow.[Chapter 15] Will Piper panted for breath, clutching his red plastic cup, leaning against a wall inside his best friend, Andrew Barnett's, house. The party was in the fullest of swings. The music was pounding and loud, and everywhere in the house, there were people dancing and kissing and laughing and talking. All the usual costumes were there- fairies and frankensteins, werewolves and vampires. Yet all the witches were wrong. Their costumes were all small and tight, slinky and cheap. None of the girls who wore them seemed to have any sort of reservations for parading around in them. Not that Will really minded, though. There was, however, one girl who stood out. Her dress came down to her knees in filmy flutters, shades of mauve and purple. A black vest corseted her narrow waist and set off her flickering red hair, darting out from underneath her pointed, plumed black witch's hat. The way she carried herself, with immense confidence, like she knew something that no one else in the room did, was spellbinding. He knew it was totally creepy, but he couldn't help but watch her as she strolled across the room, to get a drink. As soon as he was no longer panting like a wild hyena from all his dancing, he went over to her, and smiled flirtatiously. He knew how he looked. Twinkling brown eyes, curly brown hair, a dusting of freckles over pale skin- cute in any language. \"Hey,\" he said. \"I'm Will,\" She smiled back- there was something utterly entrancing about the small dimples around her mouth- and said, \"I'm Gwen,\" Gwen. Gwen was a nice name. \"I love your witches' costume,\" He continued. Her smile widened. \"Thanks, but it's not a costume,\" Will laughed. This girl Gwen was a riot! \"That's funny!\" he giggled. She laughed along, too. A slight silence descended between them when their mirth subsided. \"Sooo…\" began Will. \"You live around here?\" he asked. There had been many a time when he had asked a good-looking girl if she went to his same school (\"I haven't seen you around school before,\") only to find out she was in five of his classes, so now he simply stuck with the classic, \"Do you live around here,\" which greatly reduced his chances of getting slapped. \"Oh, no.\" said Gwen, smiling in a curiously shy way now. \"No, I live very far away,\" Will was a little disappointed for a moment, but recovered shortly. \"So how old are you?\" he asked, taking a swig out of his cup and looking at her sideways, the way he overheard Chelsea Murmbower telling Henrietta Hawthorne was so cute in biology class. \"I'm eighteen,\" she demurred, making eye contact and smiling again. \"You thinking about college?\" he asked, and she laughed as she responded, \"What is this, Twenty Questions?\" They laughed once more. \"No, but I am thinking about college- in fact, this college, in this very town,\" she announced. \"Oh, cool!\" Will responded, blurting without thinking, \"I am too- so I'll just . . . . hope to see you there?\" he asked archly. She smiled, a strawberry blush spreading to her cheekbones. \"Yes, I think you will,\" she murmured softly, and her eyes really were such a striking light color. Though the room pulsed with sound, both from the stereo system and the people, it seemed that the two of them had been compartmentalized, literally in their own world. Because he couldn't think of anything better to say, he reiterated, \"That is really an awesome costume- what store did you get it at?\" she tossed her hair. \"Teen Witch Too,\" she responded nonchalantly. Will chuckled again- Gwen was imaginative with a sense of humor! \"Well, I have to go now- crazy parents.\" She said, after another wordless moment. And she slid off into the crowd, but Will had the best feeling that this wasn't the last he'd see of Gwen.[Chapter 16] Ethan and the other boys laughed as he and the rest of the group of \"Canadian\" exchange students walked home. Chester had told a particularly tasteless joke about female vampires, which all the girls found disgusting, and protested it laughingly. Even though the wind was fairly brisk, and Ethan had chosen to wear only a thin woolen sweater to school that day, he felt warm. He had found a place where he belonged, a group of people who didn't care if he said something stupid in public or crossed his eyes at meals or acted in plays. A group of people who liked him not in spite of all those things, but maybe because of them. It was a new, novel feeling for Ethan. He had been born and raised on his ancestral family estate in Halloweentown, with his mother, Willow, and his father, Edgar Dalloway. Because his father was leader of the Clan Dalloway, he was a very important person in Halloweentown, even getting to sit in as a member of the Halloweentown Council. He had risen as far as anyone could have expected, but he still wanted more. He was always envious of Mayor Kalabar, for his prodigious magical skill, for his charm and persuasiveness, for his way with words, and he had always aspired to emulate him. Edgar Dalloway was not a good father. Edgar Dalloway was not even a father. He was a man who just so happened to have a son, and, despite his own deficiencies at being a father, Ethan had never been good enough for him. He had always been too weak, too sloppy, too kind- never the son Edgar had wanted. What kind of son he had envisioned, Ethan had never been sure, but it wasn't him. Because Edgar was Clan Leader, when he had been a younger man, he had fought in a duel of magical wit with all of his male cousins, and beaten them all. (Once he was old enough to, Ethan suspected there had been a dirty trick or two afoot.) And so naturally, he wanted his son to take his place, to succeed him as Leader when the time came. But Ethan had never been aggressive, ruthless, or even particularly powerful. When they had family gatherings in their manor, Ethan had always been expected to preside over all of his cousins, dictating the games they were to play, to be the biggest, roughest one of the lot. But he had usually let the role of Bossy Little Leader slip away to one of his cousins. And because of his reticence to solve a dispute with a closed fist, he was not listened to as a general rule and excluded simply because his father had beaten their fathers. And none of this passed Edgar unnoticed. He began to spend more time with his one and only child, but not because he wanted to get to know him, because he wanted to know what he wanted. He began to try to toughen him up, treating him harshly, subjecting him to ridicule when he wasn't strong or quick or smart enough to solve a problem or cast a spell or answer a question. His mother, a tremulous beauty whose powers were limited almost exclusively to casting cooking spells or healing spells to stitch Ethan back up when his fathers' \"training\" had been particularly brutal had no say in the matter, and if it upset her to see her only son virtually being used for target practice, she never let on. But healing him was the most she dared to do, because she had been raised to never dissent with a single word that came out of her husbands mouth- if she ever attempted to intercede on his behalf, Ethan never heard about it. Edgars strategies backfired. Instead of molding the naturally passive and kind boy into a cunning warrior, he made him a meek and submissive boy who would prefer to shrink into a corner and watch than take the soapbox and shout his views to the world, with a strong instinct for saving his own skin. Edgar, however still didn't realize that, and arranged a friendship with Kalabar's only son, Kal. Ethan began spending lots of time with Kal, who was absolutely everything Edgar could have wished for- a manipulative, intelligent, hawk-eyed child who could take a hit and keep coming. Kal would decide what they would do, mimicking his father's actions and Ethan, because he was more comfortable being told what to do than telling others, would go along with it, and the more time he spent at Kalabar Manor, the happier he was. He thought of Kal as a best friend, and Kalabar as the cheerful kind father he never had. But then Kalabar was killed, by Aggie Cromwell, a witch Ethan had met only once before, and she had seemed so nice. But she had killed him, swiftly and decisively, and Edgar told him that there was a lot to learn from that. Kalabar had threatened Aggie's home and she annihilated him for it. Ethan privately was disgusted that his father could talk so callously about the death of a man he had formerly called a friend, and thought that everything could have been resolved if they had all just sat down to talk about it, but because he knew that was nothing that his father remotely wanted to hear, he kept it to himself. When he tried to go and see Kal, Ethan found that the entire Kalabar manor had disappeared. And Ethan hadn't seen him since. And then Ethan had discovered acting. It was so nice, so amazing, to slip into someone else's skin, to be confident and powerful and proud of yourself, to stand center-stage and speak your lines out to a packed house, the white spotlight shining bright on your face. His father did not like the idea of his son being an actor, even though he was still just a young adult and it was the only thing about his life that Ethan had ever really been passionate about. He forbade him from ever being in another play, but Ethan still knew the thrill of being a star, not being afraid- a luxury that never seemed to come his way in real life. He secretly acquired all the scripts to the greatest plays of this world and the next, and memorized all the lines, even began envisioning what and who he'd want in his own productions of them. When Marnie had suggested that he go out for the Drama Club, he had been frightened- when his father found out, what would he do? Underneath the fright of his father, a man who, now that he was in his teenage years, Ethan had come to hate acutely, was an intense longing for the rush nothing but the spotlight and the center of the stage could give. The club was even putting on Macbeth, one of his most well-loved scripts back home. When they got home, he asked all of his fellow \"exchange students\" what they thought, and they had encouraged him wholeheartedly. They told him that if he wanted to, he should do it. Ethan felt a rush of gratitude, and the strangest thought overtook him. \"So this is what it feels like to belong. This is what it feels like to have brothers and sisters and to be accepted and loved. This is what it feels like to have a family.\" He decided, \"Why the heck not? If I want to do it, because it makes me happy, I will do it.\" When everyone was offering to help him with his lines, offering to stay late after school so he wouldn't have to walk home by himself, he felt very guilty. These people made him feel good in a way he hadn't since his only friend disappeared off the face of the earth, and he was trying to betray them? No, he reminded himself, he was not trying to betray them, he was trying to protect them. Humans were ignorant, biased, hateful creatures who would never understand and would do unspeakable things to them if they ever found out what they were, just because they had the nerve to be different. He was helping his father because his father was trying to seal off the portal and keep Halloweentown safe from the vile mortals forever. That was how he justified imprisoning Cassie in the witches' glass (an action that the thought of still made him wince) and planting the daggers. Worming and sinister in the back of his mind, however was the thought, \"but you know not all mortals are evil- like all your friends from the drama club, like Dylan, like Mrs. Piper. You know that there's actually a chance that mortals could accept them, and yet you still continue to aid your father. And for what?\" Ethan always pushed that thought away. It made him too confused and upset. When his father had stolen the Cromwell magic and was about to brick the portal up permanently, he told him to come along. Those words pushed him over the edge. Come along, Ethan, because you're stupider than a dog and you mean less to me than one, because you can't think for yourself, because you're weak and indecisive and a child, come along now. So proudly, for the first time in his life, Ethan stood up to his father, by standing tall with the Cromwells and all of his friends- no, not his friends. His family.[Chapter 17] Now, bear with me here, because it's been a very long time since I saw the third movie and I'm not sure if I may have gotten some things out of order. All credit goes to Jesusrocks, for having requested this. Hope you like it! Consciousness returned to Cody in a swift moment. He laid still in his bed, looking out the window at the still-darkened morning world outside. He wanted to believe that the wild insanity of the night before had been a dream, had not happened, but he knew, in his heart of hearts, that that was a lie. He had gone over to Marnies' house (which he had looked up in his school directory) with a bouquet of flowers, to apologize to her for their argument. But he had been tazed or, now knowing what he knew, it seemed more likely that he had been zapped by some sort of magic. Because the porch lights had not been on, and there had been no apparent doorbell, he had gone around to the back of the house, and gotten zapped. Whether that was Marnie's houses' standard defense against intruders, like how other people had an alarm system that went off if you broke open a window, or something else entirely, Cody didn't know, and he really didn't care. He had woken up with a killer headache and an achy body, like he had been turned into one gigantic bruise. His head had been resting on Marnies' shoulder, nose in her hair, and the first thing he had registered was that she had smelled nice. The second thing he had registered was that it was nighttime and there was a nice breeze gently ruffling his hair. And then, the third and most pressing thing he realized was that he was one hundred and fifty feet above the waving pine treetops, supported by nothing but a thin broomstick. He had clung tightly to Marnie, praying that if he had ever done anything to make God happy, that he would keep him from falling and breaking every bone in his body. Once he could think again through the haze of fear, he figured out that there was only one creature that traveled by broomstick, and Marnie admitted to it. She was a witch. What did that even entail? Cody had always thought that witches were green-skinned and wart-chinned and crooked-nosed, and wore flying black robes and cackled about bubbling and toiling and troubling and toted cats and toads around with them everywhere they went, casting evil spells left and right. But Marnie was everything but all that. Then his alarm went off, and he had to rush to school. Thankfully, the only time his and Marnie's paths crossed during the schoolday was in homeroom, and she came in two seconds before the late bell rang, and only had time to meet his eyes, wave a hand, and smile in greeting. So she was acting like nothing was different. But then again, he realized, why should she have to act like it was different, just because he found out about this other side of her, just because he knew now that she really, truly was unlike any other girl Cody had ever known? All day in school, he was turning over his feelings in his head, wondering if he should alienate her, or if he should accept her. Eventually, he came to the conclusion that he should at least give her a face-to-face conversation, after school, which was what he did. He found her on the school's fairgrounds with her group of exchange students (who Cody now realized were probably also something otherworldly too, from all of the strange things that had happened around them), putting up their booth for the carnival. She seemed apologetic and more than a little uncertain, like she was wondering whether she should regret outing her biggest secret to him. But he tried to put her at ease, because he had a fourth realization. He realized that it wouldn't matter to him what she looked like or if she cast spells or if she had a broomstick- she would still be Marnie, a girl who he really liked, and wanted her to like him back, with or without a magic wand or a pointed hat, or whatever else witches wore. He still couldn't bring himself to say the words, but he had no problems with Marnie being a witch.[Chapter 18] Pete danced away from the melee of boys in shoulder pads, tackling each other on the somewhat artificially green football field, shouting, \"I'M OPEN! I'M OPEN!\" Nathan, the quarter back, drew back and let the reddish ball soar through the air. Pete leapt up to catch it and it landed in his arms, cold and tough from its flight through the cold fall afternoon air with a satisfying thump. He hit the ground running, streaking off down the length of the stadium like a spark on a fuse in all the old cartoons that Sophie liked to watch on Saturday mornings. He was already across the endzone when the others finally caught up with him. They all jumped around in a huddle, shouting for a while, because now with Pete on the team, they were finally guaranteed a win against their traditional \"friendly\" rivals, the Northside Panthers. (They were the Greenbriar Knights) Pete was still a little bit blown away by all this human stuff. He had always been told that humans were dangerous, dumb brutes who always traveled in mobs and never went anywhere without torches and pitchforks. But these humans, they weren't so dangerous at all, really. They were more like simple, easily entertained children. Their only shortcomings were that they were so ungainly and gracelessly slow. Back home, Pete had been told that he didn't have the speed, build or endurance to even try out for his high schools equivalent of the football team- the Puckettball Squad- and yet here in the human world, he was far brawnier than the biggest on the team, and could run faster and longer than any of the rest. And they were also just so shiny. Was the sparse, usually close-cropped tuft on the top of their heads really all the hair they grew? Now, Pete could understand how the whole high school, if they were angry and frightened enough, had a bunch of cudgels and guns and heavy wooden crucifixes, could seem very threatening to a lone creature, no matter how fast, long-enduring or well muscled they were. But these human students, his friends, they wouldn't hurt him. They weren't so bad, so dangerous. They were people, just like him. Pete was one of the \"exchange students\" in Halloweentown High and he was a werewolf who Marnie encouraged to go out for sports, due to his general fitness, speed and agility.[Chapter 19] Marnie was screaming again. Gwen sat up in bed, rubbing her eyes. This was the fifth time Marnie had woken her up this night. She drug her tired self from bed (Will had miraculously managed to sleep through his daughter's frantic sobbing,) and shuffled down the hall to her daughter's room. Marnie was wriggling in her crib, kicking her portly legs and waving her chubby red arms, tiny red face screwed up with the effort of her howling. Gwen picked her up out of the crib and bounced her up and down, rocking her and humming a lullaby. Marnie wouldn't be quiet, wouldn't calm down the way she had the past four times. Gwen blinked, eyes burning, wanting to just lay down on the carpet and go back to sleep. It occurred to her, not for the first time, how much easier things would be if. . . . if she went home. If she used magic. At home, she could have her mother's guidance in raising her child, and she could use her magic to help her fussy baby sleep through the night. She wouldn't have to change diapers or mince things to make baby food or wash yet another load of soiled onesies by hand because they couldn't go in the washing machine, even on delicate. She wouldn't have to get soaked trying to wash a squirming Marnie or get messy trying to keep her from putting food in her hair or knocking over her cup at dinner. If she went home, she could ask her mother to teach her motherhood spells that would make her life one million times easier. She knew her mother would be very invested in wanting to make sure her granddaughter was reared properly. The selfish desire to cave, to be gone in the morning when her husband woke up, Marnie and all of their possessions in tow, and go back home, pretend she had never left, was overwhelmingly intense. Gwen couldn't help but wonder, as she sank down on the floor, leaning against the crib with Marnie in her arms, eyes still shut, what her life might have been like if she had stayed. She would probably have ended up married to Kalabar, who would have gotten her a nice job. They would have lived in a nice house, raising their children, and fighting and loving and using magic for everything, and somewhere along the way, Gwen would have stepped up and tried to fulfill her duty as Cromwell heir. Her mother would have been thrilled, if that was the way it had worked out. As if from far away, Gwen realized that it would be very easy to go and have that life. All she would have to do was set Marnie back down in the crib, gather up whatever she wanted to take with her, and let her longing guide her home. Kalabar would take her back, this she knew for certain. She shook her head and forced her eyes open. She could never leave her child, and then she would always wonder, ' what if I had stayed?' Her mother's smug, \"I-told-you-running-off-with-that-mortal-would-only-end-in-grief,\" attitude would have been more than she could bear. And it was nice to dream, but things wouldn't have worked out that way. For one thing, she couldn't have held what her mother and Kalabar qualified as a \"nice\" job, because she wasn't very skilled magically, and for that same reason, she would always be \"poor Aggie Cromwells' disappointment of a daughter.\" And could never lead the Cromwells. And of course, there was also the chance that her children would be born with limited powers as well, and suffer the same fate as her. That was what she was hoping for in this situation, because she planned to raise Marnie in the Mortal World, but if she went back to Halloweentown, she would hope for the reverse. And there was the fact that though they were not very well-off, they lived in a tiny little apartment, and their new marriage had some flaws, Gwen could not have been happier, and in fact, never had been happier at any other point in time at any other place, than she was now. If she had stayed in Halloweentown, she would have been greatly saddened eventually, even to the point of depression. That was, after all, why she had ultimately left, wasn't it?- to escape the isolation and loneliness and the constant craving to be anyone but herself? But, as she laid the now-calm, slumbering Marnie back into her crib, there would always be the question, \" What if I had stayed?\" Written because I always thought that Gwen would have wondered what it would have been like if she had stayed in Halloweentown.[Chapter 20] Andamare had been watching the skies eagerly all night, Her son, Kalabar Jr., would be returning any moment, triumphant, having turned all of Halloweentown gray, and all the mortals into creatures. Andamare felt particularly smug when she considered the elegance of her revenge against the wretched Cromwells- because Aggie had killed her beloved Kalabar, Andamare had Kalabar Jr. turn her homeworld gray, and because Gwen had helped her (and also because Kalabar had still been in love with her, no matter what he said.) Kalabar Jr. had turned her homeworld into the very creatures she had been trying to escape from, and her into a hag, so no one would ever want her again, to boot! She laughed, happy fireworks of green sparks popping from her fingertips. She ceased immediately, checking herself. After Kalabar had been vanquished by those Cromwells, it had been a simple matter to tap into Kalabar Jrs. Vast reserve of magic and hide the house from the pesky citizens who came looking for them later, whether to offer them condolences or throw them in jail. The house was never found, but Andamare got the feeling they were still watching where the house had been waiting for any flickers of magic to make itself known. She and Kalabar Jr. had always trained, honing his magic in the forests surrounding their house instead of in it or particularly near it, to help keep suspicions away. A star came loose from the sky, winging it's way to earth. As it plummeted onto the lawn in front of the house, Andamare realized it was not a star, but her son, Kalabar Jr. who had come streaking down from the sky in a blaze of golden light. Andamare felt a little worried- Kalabar Jrs. Signature magical color was blue. She leapt from her set by the window and minced out the door, trotting across the rippling grass to where her son landed, creating his own crater in the ground. Golden flames still licked over his prone form, his blue sparks rushing frantically, trying to repair whatever extensive damages had been done. There was only one family powerful enough to incapacitate Kalabar Jr. like that. Cromwells. She knelt in the crater next to him, and tried to put a hand on his shoulder. With a sparking snap, the golden fire seared her palm. Biting back a scream, she healed her hand, and then concentrated. Her pupils unfocused as she slid into her second sight. Kalabar Jrs.' Body, which should have appeared bright blue in her second sight, was the dullest, palest color, wrapped in dark vines that looked like his own creation, a latticework of golden flame burning all over. She used her powers to draw the fire into one spot, over his stomach, and then withdrew it, flinging it hastily into the sky, not bothering to look at whatever malignant curse was at the heart of it, where it exploded like a deadly firework. Kalabar Jrs. eyes flew open, mouth in a silent scream as he convulsed, writhing in delayed pain caused by the golden magic, having been unconscious because the agony had been too much for him to bear. Andamare allowed him his moment of childishness, from which he recovered quickly. He sat up, brushing dirt, soot and vines off himself. He looked terrible. Dark navy half moons under his eyes were horribly evident in the paleness of his skin- which no longer looked simply pale, but rather cadaverous, and they were echoes in the blue bruises scattered in random intervals on his person. Small streaks of silver peppered his hair, his shoulders were slumped and his clothes, which were ripped and still smoking in come places, hung off of him as though he'd lost thirty-five pounds that he couldn't afford to lose. He opened his mouth to speak, but instead broke off into a hacking cough. The blood that spattered his hand when he drew it away from his mouth, was leaking out of his nose and his left ear looked more like black sludge littered with lumps of gunk. He had expended so much of his magic somewhere along the way that he was literally inches away form knocking on death's door. All of that could be fixed. At least he had won, defeated those despicable Cromwells. Her revenge was complete. Kalabar Jr. stood up, continuing to brush soot off himself, wincing as he did so. \"Where are the spellbooks?\" Andamare inquired. Kalabar Jr. avoided her eyes as he muttered sullenly, \"I don't have them,\" and that was when Andamare realized something had gone terribly wrong. Her worry for how ill her son looked was pout aside in favor of anger. \"Well, where are they, then?\" she demanded. \"The young Cromwell must have time traveled, or something, because she got out of Halloweentown, came to the gym and challenged me. I thought I could handle her, but I was wrong. She took both spellbooks and sent me away. I only barely managed to land here, instead of in a different dimension.\" He said, hating the whine in his voice as he tried to justify himself to his mother. Andamare had gone white as a sheet, hands clenched into fists of building rage. \"Do not think to attempt to engender sympathy in me, boy,\" she said, voice the lowest of icy whispers. \"It is through your own, most grievous stupidity that you have failed. HOW COULD YOU? OUR PLAN WAS UTTERLY FOOL-PROOF, ONLY AN IDIOT COULD HAVE FOUND A WAY TO MESS IT UP!\" her voice had spiraled into a dizzying, ringing shriek, ramping the dull ache in Kal's head into an acute pain. \"It's not my fault she's more resourceful than you gave her credit for! And it's also not my fault that she's more powerful than me- rather, I'd say that's your fault as well!\" he returned. She pointed her witching finger at him and Kal wisely fell silent- it wouldn't take much to finish him off in his weakened state. \"Don't you DARE try to turn this around on me like it's MY fault! I entrusted you with a plan so that we could have revenge for the death of your father, foolishly believing that I could trust you- because of your astonishing mental ineptitudes, I guess I shouldn't have! Perhaps you didn't want to avenge your father; maybe you wanted that snot-nosed Cromwell brat to triumph. Did she have long shiny hair and smell good too?\" she jeered, and despite his weakness, Kal snarled, \"Of course I want revenge just as much as you do! And if you could have done such a better job, maybe you should have gone and created a stupid golem and toted it around with you and tricked the Cromwell into showing you her grandmother's book and trapped her in Halloweentown and everything else!\" Andamare snapped, \"You've ruined everything, you foolish, stupid excuse for a boy.\" She climbed out of the crater, back deliberately to her son, and began stalking back toward the house, throwing a parting comment over her shoulder at the son she ad never wanted to hurt so desperately as in that moment, \"come inside when you're ready to act like an adult, to be the son your father would have been proud of. Thanks to you, we have a lot of planning to do.\" Kal stood, a lone, stooping figure silhouetted against the sky. He hunched further, his arms wrapped around himself as if he could hold in the metaphorical blood his mother's barbed statements had caused. She was right- his father would not have been proud of a stupid son who let him down time and time again, couldn't even manage to avenge him. He sank to his knees and rolled his torso down so his arms touched his legs, like a wind-up toy that had lost it's motion. He had hoped his mother would understand, would take him into a hg that smells of soap bubbles and black feathers, the way he remembered her hugs were from his childhood, and tell him that she understood, that they would just form a new plan, that it wasn't his fault, that his father would have understood. A choked sob worked its way through his clenched teeth as he huddled on the ground, as if waiting for the next blow the world that hated him and his entire family would deal. He had been sincerely delusional to hope that his mother would understand- he only had worth to her when he could help her achieve some ends, when he proved that he was black-hearted Kalabar's ruthless son. He indulged in a few moments of pointless pain- physically, from having drained himself nearly dry of not only magic, but also life force, and mentally, from his mother's insinuations that he was a failure, a disappointment, a weakling, and from having been beaten by an exponentially less trained little girl, Cromwell though she may be. He stood once more, blinking eyes that felt crusty with the tears he was trying desperately not to shed, arms knotted around himself tightly, holding himself together, and began to haul his sore self into the house. It was time for their planning to begin anew, and this time, with steel determination glowing maniacally in his eyes, he would not fail. Yikes, Kal backstory! So, in a nutshell, his mother was obsessively in love with his father, who was still in love with Gwen Cromwell/Piper (thus, because it's Andamare orchestrating this whole thing- because I just don't think a fifteen-year-old, no matter how brilliant, could have come up with that whole thing- she get's turned into a hag) Then Kalabar was killed, and she went psycho, especially where her son was concerned, because she wanted, more than anything in the world, to avenge Kalabar, who she is still in love with, and he could help her do that. (A side note- she is more in love with his powers and what he could do with them than the actual him) Kal is only helping because, 1.) it's his parents, 2.) he knows \"drive for revenge\" is a proper emotion to feel after a parent is killed, and he knows it's what his mother wants him to exhibit. He doesn't honestly miss Kalabar; he was always terrified of letting him down, and thus, is still terrified of letting his memory down. Also, his mother kept referring to him as \"Kalabar Jr.\" because to her, that's all he is- an extension of his father, not his own person. Which would kind of mess anyone up. Hope you liked it![Chapter 21] Marnie had waited throughout the long summer for the first frost of fall, as she always did, but this year the wait was not nearly as long or arduous to endure. This was because it was the first time her grandmother had stayed with them all year round. Her grandmother was teaching her all sorts of wonderful, magical things, and she was learning very quickly- now if only this ease would translate to learning math! And all throughout the summer, Marnie and Aggie had been plotting. Since the very first day Grandma Aggie had been in their little town in Massachusetts, she had taken it into her mind that this year, they would have a Halloween party. So all winter, spring, and summer, Marnie and Aggie had been making plans for the most amazing Halloween party their little division of suburbia had ever seen. So now that the first leaves had turned golden and spiraled off the trees, carried on chilly winds, Marnie approached her mother. She and Grandma Aggie had planned this carefully. Aggie was situated in the living room, watching TV while Marnie went to talk to her mother in the kitchen. \"Hey, Mom.\" She began. Her mother looked up from the greasy roasting pan she had been scrubbing. \"Oh, hey, Marnie,\" She responded. \"So Mom,\" Marnie continued. \"I've been making really good grades in school- I've got all A's and B's. And because this is Grandma's first year away from Halloweentown, do you think we could have a Halloween party?\" When Marnie had mentioned her grandmother, Gwen knew immediately what her daughter was angling for. She let her sudsy brush clatter into the halfway-finished pan, and put her wet hands on her aproned hips and turned to glare at her daughter. \"Absolutely not! Just because you know about where your grandmother comes from now does NOT mean that I am going to change aspects of how I have peacefully raised my family for the past fifteen years,\" She snapped, fuming, back to her pan. Marnie put her hands on her hips as well, and tossed her long, scrunchie-bound hair over her shoulder. \"Well, because of your irrational fear of what we are, we haven't exactly been peacefully raised! It's so annoying how you never let us be normal, you never let us talk about magic or Halloweentown or anything remotely cool, and I_\" \"Young lady, I will not tolerate you disrespecting me like this. It's my house and my rules- you're my children and I'll raise you as I see fit, not he way you, or even my mother,\" Gwen spoke, casting a sharp glance at Aggie, who she now surmised was in on the whole thing because she was pretending not to have noticed a thing in the living room, \"think I should.\" Marnie huffed and shifted her weight to her other foot. \"Mom, what's dangerous about our home? I mean, when we were younger, before we knew about Halloweentown, it kind of made sense for you not to let us have a party or go trick-or-treating, but now that we know, it's really obnoxious!\" she cried, filled with welling indignation at her mother's behavior. \"I've told you again and again, you're only a teenager. You don't know what you want, what will be best for you in fifteen years, and just because Halloweentown seems like fun doesn't mean that it's where you belong!\" Angry tears had sprung up in Marnie's eyes. \"That is too where I belong! It doesn't matter what you've tried to make yourself, or what our father was, or what you almost made me! I am a witch and Halloweentown is my home! It's more than fun, it's my heritage! Just because you made your choice to reject your background doesn't mean that I will too! And if I want to have a harmless little Halloween party, I think I should be allowed to! It's not like I'm suggesting you let us stay out until three in the morning getting drunk! You'll be right here to supervise, there'll be no magic, and I won't invite anyone stupid! I mean, really, I don't think this one little thing is asking too much!\" Marnie finished her heated and loud tirade with an angry tremor in her voice. Her mother had let her finish her furious monologue because she knew there would be no reasoning with her until she did. \"Now, Marnie, you listen to me. At the age of fifteen, you don't know half so much as you think you do, and it's time you realized that. You want to condemn me for treating you like a child, but is it wrong of me to do so when you not only are one, but behave like one as well?\" Marnie's outrage would have been comical if she had not been so upset. Dylan finally looked up from his science textbook, peering irritatedly through his thick-rimmed glasses at the other members of his family. \"When did this deteriorate into an argument about Halloweentown? I thought this was about a Halloween party?\" By now, Sophie had muted the TV and was watching the preceding argument with indecent interest. Aggie had also turned around to spectate. \"I am NOT,\" shouted Marnie, \"A CHILD!\" Aggie hastened over to her granddaughters side. \"Now dear, there's no need to shout. We all know you're not a child. Gwen, sweetheart, don't you think it makes sense to let the children have a party? It really isn't-\" Gwen snarled, \"Oh, so it's YOUR fault! You planted the idea that they should have this ridiculous party in her brain and now you're turning her against me!\" Grandma Aggie tried to look calming and motherly, but came off looking patronizing instead. \"Dear, I'm not trying to turn anyone against you, least of all your own children. I'm just saying that there really is no reason for you not to let them have a party. Don't you think you're being a little bit unreasonable?\" Gwen's mouth flattened into a line and her orange freckles stood out vividly on her paled face. \"No, I don't think I'm being unreasonable at all. I'm the mother, and what I say goes! I shouldn't give into my child's demands just because I'm afraid of the fit she'll throw if I don't.\" Sophie jumped off the couch and bounced into the kitchen. \"Come on, Mom! It'd be really fun! We wouldn't mention magic, or anything you don't like at all, and you won't have to plan it because Marnie and Grandma already did that, or clean up after it or anything!\" Marnie glared at her little sister, for revealing the fact that they'd already made plans (which neither she nor Grandma Aggie knew Sophie knew about) and Gwen glared at her mother for daring to make plans for a Halloween party, of all things, behind her back. \"Please, Mom?\" asked Sophie again, not because she wanted a Halloween party, but because she knew it was one of Marnie's deepest wishes. \"Yeah, pleeeeeeeeease, Mom?\" questioned Marnie. \"I'll keep my rom clean, I'll was the dishes and take out the trash without being reminded for a month, I won't mention magic and I'll get straight A's- if only you'll let us have this party, pleeeease?\" Grandma Aggie hadn't said anything, but the look she was giving her daughter said far more. Gwen stared icily at her three female relations, and then turned abruptly to face Dylan, who was still studiously scratching away at his homework. \"Dylan?\" she demanded. \"What do you think? Do you think we should have a Halloween party this year?\" Dylan slowly scanned the assembled faces- his grandmother looked encouraging, Sophie hopeful, Marnie incensed because her chances of having the party were being jeopardized by her notoriously anti-Halloween brother. \"Well,\" he began. \"if it'll shut Marnie up and make her do all the dished for a month, fine, why not?\" and he turned back to his homework, because that was all that was truly on his mind, not whether or not they would be having the party. Marnie, Sophie and Grandma Aggie turned back to Gwen with bated breath. Gwen threw her hands in the air and turned back to the sink. \"Fine! Let's have a Halloween party!\" Marnie punched the air triumphantly, Sophie jumped up and down, and Grandma Aggie capped her hands, laughed and hugged each of her granddaughters in turn. \"I get the feeling this is NOT going to end well,\" Gwen muttered under her breath to the roasting pan. I wrote this one because I didn't figure Gwen would have given in to letting them have a Halloween party without a lot of cajoling and arguing. I also wanted to portray that Marnie, while she has grown up since the first movie, she still is a little bit childish in her mannerisms. And as you'll recall, because of this Halloween party, Kal managed to steal the other copy of the spellbook, draw Aggie and Marnie into Halloweentown to be trapped by the Gray Spell and lure Gwen to the school dance to be hag-ified, so Gwen is right- the party decidedly does not end well.[Chapter 22] \"Mom and Grandma are witches and SO AM I!\" Sophie remembered Marnie's frantically happy and yet hushed whisper. She was talking to Dylan, who was vastly unimpressed by this proclamation. Sophie supposed that her older siblings thought she was asleep, which was funny- as if anyone could actually sleep with their hands wadded up under their face like that! While both of her older siblings rushed to the window to watch their grandmother walk past and discuss whether or not her carpetbag was remote-controlled, Sophie made up her mind that she would somehow follow her siblings- she wanted not to be left out of the fun, and if both Marnie and Grandma were involved without Mom's supervision, it was bound to be fun! So, very quietly, Sophie slid out of her bed, bundled up her pajamas in an approximation of where her body had been, put on jeans and a white blouse, struggling with the buttons. As an afterthought, because it was cold outside, she threw on her pink coat. It made her happy with its bubblegum pink shade. When she poked her head out of the closet sneakily, she saw nothing in the room, and rushed over to the window with a sinking feeling. She could see Dylan and Marnie already hiding behind a stack of haybales on Mrs. Hicklestons' front lawn. There was no way she could catch up to them now, and also no way she could slink past her mother unnoticed without Marnie's guidance. Sophie felt her lips start trembling and a lump rising in her throat. She flung herself down against the wall underneath the window. More fervently than anything, she wanted to go with her siblings. All the sudden, the air was a lot cooler around her. She had left her room and appeared in the bushes of Mrs. Hickleston's yard! She didn't have time to marvel over it- maybe she was a witch, too!- because Marnie and Dylan were taking off at a run for a strange-looking orange school bus. With a lack of any other actions, she burst out of the bushes and ran full tilt for the bus. Instead of getting in the back door like Marnie and Dylan had, she ran around to the whooshing front doors. She held a small finger to her lips and flashed a pearly white grin at the driver, who grinned in return, shut the doors, and floored it. Sophie wished she had picked a better place to hide other than in the steps that lead out of the bus. Though she was protected from the sightline of any of the other passengers of the bus, the driver didn't seem overly cautious as to how he was operating the vehicle. After what seemed like only a few minutes in a dark tunnel full of flashing lights, they touched down in a strange town with bright buildings and dark trees and a big tawny-orange pumpkin that looked vaguely bereft. Sophie clambered off the bus the second the doors opened, and then it occurred to her that she needed a place to hide so her grandma or her siblings wouldn't see her and send her home. She crawled under the school bus, (which she now guessed was not a school bus at all.) ducked behind one of the tires and watched the feet of their fellow passengers float by. Once her grandmother's buckled shoes had marched out of view, Sophie scrambled out from behind the tire. The bus pulled away, and she saw her brother and sister across the square, staring at her. She waved. The looks of shock on their faces were priceless. I wrote this one because I always struggled to find a rational explanation as to how Sophie, a seven-year-old, (or so- don't quote me on that) followed her older siblings unnoticed. So I now think that she must have used her powers, probably subconsciously. I need inspiration for five more word prompts, (Mintgum666888, I'm so sorry its taken me this long, yours is coming, it just really stumped me, and Jesusrocks, yours is forthcoming as well.) so if there's anything at all that you want to hear, I'd be glad to write it![Chapter 23] Okay, Jesusrocks, this is the nice Sophie-Marnie sister moment you requested- I hope you like it! Sophie blinked, yawned and stretched. When they had moved to their new home to make room for their grandma, Sophie and Marnie had gotten separate rooms, which was a good thing, because Marnie was a real slob and usually wanted to blame the mess on Sophie. Marnie and Sophie had been arguing a lot recently. Whenever Sophie wanted to borrow anything or Marnie's, whether it was a hair wrapper, or a shirt or an old Barbie doll, Marnie always said no. So whenever Marnie asked Sophie for a favor (like last Tuesday, when Marnie had had a lot of homework, and a project and three test the next day, and it was her night to do the dishes, she asked Sophie to do it for her.) Sophie would say no. The sisters had been bickering over small things as of late, but the night before, it had escalated into something far more serious. Marnie had been in her room, listening to Celtic music turned up too loud, and Sophie had been aching to try something for a long time. Ever since she had seen Marnie swopping effortlessly around the square in Halloweentown, she had wanted to try flying. So Sophie had snuck out to the garage and picked up Marnie's broomstick. It hummed with friendly energy, brightly colored and encouraging. She had clambered on and hopped out of the garage. She hadn't gotten three feet into the air or five feet away from the driveway when she had crashed into a tree and tumbled to the ground, broomstick broken in three jagged, lonely, irreparable pieces around her. She had been warned by Aggie not to touch Marnie's broom, because if even one o the bristles came off, the broomstick would start losing the charm that enabled it to fly, and that loss couldn't be reversed or redone- Sophie didn't even want to think about how quickly she'd broken the charm when she shattered the broomstick. Feeling utterly sick, she had collected the pieces and scrambled inside, putting the pieces back in the place where the broomstick had once sat. Marnie had found them, later in the evening, and she knew there was once person in the house who would be interested in borrowing her broom and inexperienced enough to wreck it. She had stormed into the living room, where Sophie had been sitting on the couch, waiting for the inevitable tidal wave of rage, which Marnie easily and loudly supplied. Though Sophie hadn't let on at the time, some of the things Marnie had said had hurt her deeply. She had only tried to fly the broomstick because she had wanted to be like her older sister, who she admired so much. Grandma Aggie had dispersed the fight in Gwen's' absence and transferred Marnie's bright broomstick pieces into a sleek iron model with a handle that would shrink into a charm or expand into a broom at her command, so that she could always keep it with her. Marnie had glared so angrily at Sophie that she couldn't help but shy away. \"I will definitely be doing that,\" she had hissed and stomped back to her room. Sophie felt very bad as she recalled that. She went down to the kitchen and fixed herself a bowl of cereal. She took her cereal into the living room and turned on the TV, volume down low because no one else was awake yet. She found the channel that played her favorite Saturday morning cartoons, but they didn't make her giggle the way they usually did. She was still too upset about the destruction of Marnie's most prized possession and their subsequent fight. The couch beside Sophie creaked. Marnie had sat down next to her, white flannel nightshirt glowing blindingly in the light of the early morning sun slanting in the window. They watched cartoons in silence for a moment, until Marnie said, \"I'm sorry about yelling at you and being so mean- I don't really think any of that awful stuff about you.\" Sophie set down her bowl of sugary milk. \"I'm sorry I took your broom without asking and wrecked it,\" Marnie smiled kindly. \"Don't worry about it- it wasn't that big of a deal anyway. I kind of overreacted.\" Sophie turned incredulously to her sister. \"I thought you'd be mad at me forever and ever!\" she exclaimed, the dark raincloud that had been hanging over her head for the whole morning dissipating. Marnie laughed. \"I could never stay mad at you for a long time, Soph. You're my sister, and sisters are friends forever and ever.\" The two Cromwell witches-in-training hugged and then leaned against each other, watching cartoons in companionable silence. I wrote this one the way I did because I wondered when Marnie had gotten what looked like a metal broomstick (in the second one)- because wasn't her broomstick originally orange, yellow and green? Wow, I didn't realize it- Sophie's really sneaky! She's sneaking out to follow people when she's seven, she stealing people's broomsticks when she's eight: watch out, world. I also thought that growing up with Marnie could be a little difficult, because she seems prone to overreactions (although in this case it was justified- the broomstick, one of the traditional symbols of witchcraft, was one of Marnie's biggest links to Halloweentown, her heritage, and also to her grandmother. I probably would have freaked out to find it broken, too) and yelling and being irrational, but that she would always feel bad about what she'd said and apologize later.[Chapter 24] Even though Halloween was by far the highlight of the season, the entire fall season was Marnies' absolute favorite time of the year. There was nothing that filled Marnie with more joy than seeing a completely yellow-leafed tree silhouetted against a clear blue sky, the shade it never was any other time than in the fall. Unless it was seeing a perfectly carved jack-o-lantern shining golden from every porch and windowsill. There was no better feeling than to soar through the vast midnight velvet sky, with a cold wind whipping you hair back away from your face, blowing your clothes behind you. Her favorite sounds in the whole world were the crunch of brown leaves underfoot, or the Halloween radio station that they always tuned in to every fall or walking a motion-activated Halloween Noisemaker. What scent could compare with candles and pumpkins? Fall was all around the best time of the year. So, when Marnie, Aggie and Sophie had been walking about the mall, they walked past the Yankee Candle Company store, and saw the Halloween display. Marnie absolutely had to stop. They had the most amazing selection of fall-scented candles and adorable decorations and the most precious skeleton couple. Marnie wasn't sure what purpose they would serve; all she knew was that she wanted them. And so, with a twinkle in her eye, her grandmother had bought them for her. As they walked out of the store, it was all Marnie could do not to leap up into their air and smack her heels together. Years later, Marnie was arranging her Halloween decorations, and from her storage box drew the skeleton couple. She smiled as she saw them, remembering both what an excitable creature she had been in her childhood and the very day that her grandmother had bought the bony couple for her. Her daughter, pale skinned, bright eyed and brown haired, climbed up onto the chair next to her so that she could peek at what her mother was holding and smiling at in such a way. \"Mommy?\" she asked. \"Where did you get those skeletons?\" Marnie set her skeletons down and picked her daughter up. \"Well, Melusine, a long, long time ago, when I was older than you are now, I lived in the Mortal World with Great-Grandma Aggie and Grandma Gwen and Uncle Dylan and Aunt Sophie. Great-Grandma Aggie bought these for me because she knew I really, really wanted them.\" She explained. \"Oh,\" responded Melusine. \"All of you living together! That must have been really fun!\" Marnie looked off into the distance, then turned her amber eyes back to her daughter, responding, \"Yeah. It really was.\" Obviously, the last paragraph takes place about fifteen years in the future from when they bought the skeletons, which is right between the second and third movies. Marnie does have a husband who lives with her and her daughter in Halloweentown, but I'm not gonna say who. ;) I wrote this because I always felt sort of sorry for Gwen- Marnie comes across as a little bit ungrateful and doesn't even make an attempt to see her mother's side of things at times, and so I imagine that once she's out on her own and she's making her own decisions about raising her child, she'd be a little more appreciative and understanding of her own mother and childhood, thus the last line.[Chapter 25] All the creatures from Halloweentown were sprawled on the front steps of the house in their human disguises, waiting for Marnie and Aggie to return. It was a bright and beautiful Saturday afternoon, and Aggie and Marnie had hustled them out onto the front steps, telling them to wait there, because when they got back they would have a \"surprise\" for them. Aggie orange little car pulled into view and parked smoothly in front of the house. Marnie bounded out of the car and began to unload brilliant orange, boxy things from it. It took the Halloweentowners a few seconds to realize that Marnie and Aggie had gone out and purchased pumpkins. There were big ones and little tiny ones and gourd shaped ones and red and white and speckled ones. But most of all, there were vivid orange pumpkins, perfectly formed with sprouting green handles. En masse, the creatures ran over to help unpack them. There were so many of them it looked like Marnie and Aggie had gone and bought out an entire stand somewhere. Aggie directed them all to the back porch, where they had set up lots of newspapers and pumpkin carving implements. Everyone got their own little space on the porch, with their own little fleet of pumpkins to do whatever they wished with. Dylan, who had no interest in pumpkins or the carving of them, was raking all the leaves into a large pile, which scattered back to the far corners of the backyard every time Sophie sneezed, which was quite often, as she had a cold. Marnie and the other teenagers were blissfully engaged in scooping the out the viscera of and carving faces into their pumpkins and trading childhood anecdotes. Grandma Aggie was walking around with a big wooden bowl for collecting seeds so that they could roast them later. She also brought out some paint so that they could paint faces on the pumpkins that were too small to carve. Eventually, Mrs. Piper brought out mugs of hot cocoa and towels to wipe their slimy hands off on. After the grown-ups had gone inside, it deteriorated into a pulp-slinging fight in which everyone got splattered with intensely orange innards and went inside with sticky hands and stained clothes and clotted hair, carrying armfuls of hollowed out pumpkins and laughing. After cleaning up, they watched Halloween shows and scary movies, consumed the entire stash of pumpkin seeds and ate their way through almost five bagfuls of candy. They day the carved pumpkins was a day none of them ever forgot. I wrote this one because I carved pumpkins just yesterday, and it was really fun. However, every year, I can never seem to escape unscathed- I end up with yellow fingers for the next two days![Chapter 26] There was a whole host of reasons why Kalabar had wanted to take over the Mortal World. The first and foremost was that the Mortal World was a much bigger place, unfettered by magical rules as this one was, and it was populated by close-minded, prejudiced, backwards beings. They didn't deserve it. The creatures of Halloweentown, the witches and warlocks in particular, were powerful, superior in every way to the clumsy, stupid mortals. The magical creatures should have stayed, those many epochs ago, and fought. They could have won, and then the humans would have been banished to languish in an alternate dimension. Or at least, that was the answer he would give later, when people wanted to know why he had brought that Halloween people out of the dark, killed the mortals, and given them both of the worlds, with what mortals were left as their slaves. Some people, he knew, would dismiss this as unjust, a waste of life. But to Kalabar, it was only what they had coming, for their greed and idiocy. And he had no problem with ensuring his continued survival by ending someone elses, if you wanted to look at it in such base terms. His private answer, the real reason, was that a long time ago, he had been in love with a girl. Really in love, not the way teenagers often said,\" we're in love!\" but had no clue what it meant to say that. No, their love had been a love for the ages, a love to end all others. She had been perfect. There had been no one who could ever be as wonderful as her. But with no explanation and no catalyst, she had left him. He had been confused and upset- he thought she was happy. But she not only left him, but also ran away to the Mortal World, where she couldn't follow him. He found out on November first, after the portal had just closed. He heard later, that she found a mortal man who said he loved her, and married her. He saw for himself, in later years ,that she and her husband had children. Just like that, he had been ejected from her life. Rejected. Their love a thing forgotten. This mortal man had stolen her from him. And so, Kalabar decided that if he had to move heaven and hell to unite the worlds, he would do so, and if it was with the very last breath in his body that he removed all mortals from the world, that was a reasonable price to pay. Because a mortal man had taken her, he would take the life of him and the rest of his race, too. Oh, great, now we've got a Kalabar Sr. backstory too! So, in short- Kalabar is insane. He was born that way. When he met Gwen, he already wanted to fall in love with her- it wouldn't have mattered to him if she had had a lazy eye and no hair and a lame foot, he still would have loved her because she was a Cromwell. He thought they were \"really in love,\" but to Gwen he was never more than anything but a high school boyfriend. When Gwen rejected him for a mortal man, he developed an obsessive hatred of mortals, and was bent on destroying most of them and letting the ones that lived become slaves for the Halloweentown creatures, of which he would be king, and Gwen (whose mortal husband and half-mortal children would have been killed) would be his queen. (Thus his line in the first Halloweentown movie, \"You! You could have been my queen! But you chose a mere mortal instead!\")[Chapter 27] I'm not entirely sure if there is anything I can say to justify my long absence. Jesusrocks, you must be about ready to slaughter me. I was checking all my stories and it came to my attention that I never finished this one, so I'll be trying to get the next 5 chapters up in a little more of a reasonable, timely fashion. Hope you enjoy! It was Halloween night. A three-quarters moon sat in its celestial backdrop, looking lonely and lost, like a dime in a vast, dark pocket. Kalabar walked down the street, smiling cheerily at everyone he happened past and trying very hard to keep his emotions- fear, nerves, anticipation, excitement, a touch of anger, sorrow- in check. Some parents or children, out by themselves, smiled back, but most took a tighter grip on their childrens' hands and bustled away. He had forgotten. This was a different world, one where he was not the kind-hearted boy who would be running for mayor in three day's time, he was a flamboyantly dressed young man, roaming the streets by himself on Halloween night. The houses got progressively smaller as he went. This was where Gwen was living ? It was a big step down from Cromwell Manor. Kalabar went up the front steps of 56 Rowan Street, but there was a feeling, prickling from his scalp to his spine. He knew this feeling- his magical second sense was telling him that if he went to the front door, he would not be well received. And he had learned, over the years, that this second sense of his rarely was wrong. So he went around to the back of the house, squeezing between the wall and the trashcans, vaulting over the rattly chain-link fence without a sound. He walked over to the back door, but there it was, the prickling feeling again. Was he not supposed to go in at all? All he wanted was to see his bright and beautiful Gwen- it had been almost precisely two years since he had seen her sweet face, almost precisely two years since Aggie Cromwell, clothes in a state of disarray, hair straggling off her head as she pulled at it, had come to him, screaming incoherently about how Gwen had gone missing. One minute before the portal closed, a fire-message had come through, that Gwen was in the mortal world, and not to follow her. Kalabar had pounded on the bricks of the portal, shouting her name and trying not to lose it in public. He had pulled a softly sobbing Aggie into a hug and vowed that, come Halloween the next year, when the portal opened again, he'd go through and bring her back. He had searched for her, but she had been nowhere to be found, and he had returned, unendurably, empty-handed. Over the course of the intervening year, Aggie had scryed her so often that she eventually found her, and now Kalabar was here, to take her home, where she belonged. So he walked over to the window of the tiny house and looked inside. Gwen was there, just as lovely and perfect as he always remembered her, hovering over a steaming pot on the stove. She turned to a cutting board and picked up a knife. Wielding it deftly like she was used to doing this. She began cubing potatoes and dumping them into the pot. Why was she cutting potatoes with a knife? She could use her magic and do it in a second. She must really want potatoes- she was cutting up so many. And then, through the door, walked the reason Aggie had been reticent to tell him where Gwen was, the reason she had left, the reason she hadn't come back. A man walked through the swinging door into the kitchen, and it was hard to miss the way Gwen stood taller when he came in, the light that shone in her eyes when she looked at him. Kalabar watched with his mouth open as the man swooped her into a kiss, presenting her with a bouquet of orange marigolds when they broke apart. Kalabar could see their mouths moving, but couldn't hear what words were exchanged. They both jumped at a sound, and looked over at a corner of the kitchen, laughing. The man walked over and scooped something out of a bassinette- no, please let it be anything other than what he thought it was. It was an infant, wearing pink footy pajamas, who burbled happily when the man lifted her into the air and blew raspberries on her round stomach. The man put his arm around Gwen's shoulders and she wrapped her arms around him, faces so full of love and happiness as they looked at each other and their child. Kalabar backed away ungracefully, a hand pressed over his mouth to keep himself from screaming out her name, not wanting to witness the scene for another moment. She had permitted a mortal to marry her, and now was raising his child, diluting her Cromwell bloodlines with his mortal taint. He wanted to collapse on the weedy ground, but instead he blundered over the fence and staggered past the trashcans, beyond caring who saw or heard him. He made it back to the portal sight, and sent himself across, reeling from shock and horror. Aggie was waiting for him on the other side, the hope on her face so strong as to be sickening. As soon as she saw that he was by himself, her face fell, tears welling in her eyes. \"She's married- there's a child,\" he managed to choke out, and now Aggie covered her mouth with her hand, astonished. They both knew that leaving her child was something she wouldn't do. Kalabar pushed past her and stumbled blindly through the streets, back to his college dorm, where he collapsed on his bed. When his sorrow was spent, he fell into a deep sleep. He would think about everything the next day, when he could handle it. And he'd find a way to make good on his promise to Aggie the next day- he'd find a way to reunite them. I'm not sure why I did two Kalabar shots right in a row- I think it's because I've basically ignored him thus far in this fic. But oh well. This is the moment I was referencing when I said, \"He saw for himself, in later years, that she and her husband had children,\" (in Reasons, the one immediately before this) because I think there probably would have had to be some sort of catalyst to keep him from constantly pestering Gwen to come back. Disclaimer- I know Gwen seems really young to be a mother, but Judith Hoag (actress who played her) was 30 when Halloweentown 1 was made, making her technically 17 when Marnie was born, but I've changed that so that she had her when she was 20 (a little less scary that way,) so I'm good. Also, a fire-message is like mail, but is delivered by magic and takes less time than traditional postage, and can only go between world when the portal is open, on Halloween night. Hope you liked it![Chapter 28] I'm so sorry for the extra-long hiatus- I promise I am not doing this on purpose. But tonight it was thundering and I had a kitkat bar, so I was like, \"HALLOWEENTOWN. NOW,\" After Marnie had yanked the spellbooks from his hands, Cal had disappeared, taking his thorny black vines with him. The resultant blaze of golden light had knocked Marnie backwards, and she laid sprawled on the gym floor, purple robes and silky hair puddling around her, the spellbooks clutched to her chest. \"We got them. He's gone. We won,\" she panted, breathing heavily as she ran her fingers down the thick spines of the spellbooks, chocolate brown eyes still wide with shock that she had actually vanquished a warlock with a considerably prodigious skills set that far outranked her own, and with the cathartic rush that accompanied using so much power. Though the circle of Cromwells- Aggie and Sophie helping Marnie up and depositing the spellbooks in her grandmothers waiting arms, Dylan looking on somewhat awkwardly- was relatively calm, the rest of the gymnasium was bedlam. Though people were no longer creatures (and Marnie was fairly willing to bet that Halloweentown had been restored to all of its colorful, eccentric glory) they were beyond astonished that they had been turned into some, for however brief a time. Panic quickly followed suit as the enormity of what had occurred settled in. Grandma Aggie grandly waved her arm, smiling jubilantly as she crooned to the older copy of her book, holding it tenderly in the crook of her arm. Everything and everyone slowed down, as though they were moving through molasses. Only Gwen, shoving her way through the crowd to her children, was unaffected. She grabbed Sophie into a tight hug, until Sophie complained that she was being squished, then she moved on to Dylan, and finally, she faced Marnie. \"We're going to have a very serious discussion about this when we get home, young lady,\" her mother said, like she always did, but her eyes were shining with pride-filled tears and she cupped Marnie's cheeks between her palms. Grandma Aggie checked to make sure that Kals' spell that shut and locked all the doors and windows in the gym was still functioning properly, and then serenely mounted the stage, tapping the microphone. \"Excuse me, is this thing on?\" she asked. After the subsequent squeal of feedback, she cleared her throat and continued, \"I need you all to remain calm, and follow my instructions,\" The slowing spell melted away, but panic did not resume. The people all stood frozen where they were, transfixed by the elderly woman on the stage. She motioned for her family to join her. \"If you could all sit down on the floor, right where you are . . . .\" Aggie trailed off. Spellbound, the people sat. \"Now I want you all to close your eyes and listen to the sound of my voice as I count backwards from ten,\" she said, reaching out for Gwens' hand. Marnie eagerly offered hers to fill in the third part of the triumvirate of power for Aggie to draw on, but Aggie shook her head kindly and took Sophie's hand instead. The entire school did exactly as they were told for the first and probably the last time in the history of high schools and listened, enraptured, as Aggie counted soothingly from ten. After she said one, she intoned, \"You have no recollection of the past fifteen minutes. They are a blur. You had a good time. The party continued as usual. Carl Edwards got nominated Halloween King, and Halloween Queen has not yet been selected. Stand up now. Wake up now,\" She commanded, voice droning softly. The spell wore off as they climbed down from the stage. Everything continued as though Kal had never even been there. \"Grandma, how did you do that?\" Marnie asked excitedly. \"Well, your human 'psychics' weren't that far off base with all their hocus-pocus about hypnotizing others. It's mostly just the power of suggestion,\" She replied, a twinkle in her eyes as she shared this tidbit of information with her granddaughter. \"I'm very proud of you, darling,\" she said, voice pitched a little lower despite the loudness of the partygoers as they nominated Halloween Queen. \". . . Does this mean we have to move again?\" Sophie asked. They all laughed as they quietly slipped out the back door and headed home to sleep off a Halloween none of them would forget in a good long while. I think Grandma Aggie earns lots of win points for hypnotizing an entire high school like that. Wrote this one to explain how they got away with that whole \"showdown\" thing, because that always baffled me as well. And to answer Sophies' question, in my own head-canon, that IS the reason they had to move. Hope you guys liked it, more coming soon![Chapter 29] I have been here since the beginning. I have been the center and the heart, the lodestone and the symbol of the things the people hold sacred. I was there when Halloweentown was created out of the void, when the creatures followed their leaders to this new world where they could be free. I was there when lakes glistened blue under a brilliant sun and when cornfields turned yellow and rustling in the rain from heavy gray skies. I was there when forests grew and trees shook their fingers at fat harvest moons. I was there when people built houses and businesses and the town sprawled. I smiled a hollow toothy grin and felt light beaming out through my eyes and nose and mouth and was happy. I was there when many long years passed. I was there when great families rose and fell, when Circe and Stoker and Faust and Crowley and Lovecraft and Merlin visited and were welcomed with open arms. I was there when civil wars began and ended, each side claiming theirs was the only right, all without seeing that peace and harmony and tolerance had been the foundation of Halloweentown. I was there when the sides reconciled beneath my looming smile, reminded of brotherhood and family once more instead of greed. I shone brightly in the dark night and was happy. I was there when mayors great and disastrous made speeches to the listening crowds, beginning or ending careers. I was there when schoolchildren played at my plinth. I was there when displays of great sorcery, of knowledge of all arcane lore were given, to the dazzlement of the public. I was there when youths cried and laughed with all the passion of first love. I was there when heroes were lauded and villains castigated, when trends came and went, when laws were passed, when charters were signed. I smiled on the people benevolently and they danced in my illumination and I was happy. I was there when countless winters, cold and drear, metamorphosed into delicate springs. I was there when innumerable springs bled into hot, dry summers, and people left the town for retreats in the mountains or at the lake or the sea. I was there when the untold summers cooled and the fireflies slept and leaves turned color and crows took wing and fall began. I was there when people lit candles in jack-o'lanterns and placed them on their front stoops, all small imitations and variations of me. I was there when the first teeth of winter could be felt in the wind and the people lit bonfires on All Hallow's Eve, to light the way for summer to finally depart and winter to return, to keep away memories of darker times, to begin the revels. I was there with the warmth of hearthfire and home kindling inside me and I was happy. I was there when evil took root and bloomed, sending cracks through my face and my body and taking my light, the light that had burned so brightly for so many centuries, leaving me bereft. I was reignited and Halloweentown was whole once more. I was there when the seeds of that same evil took root and bore fruit once more, leaching the brightness and the vivacity away from my people. Bricks were paved over my face and my light was sealed away. But the desire to free our world was stronger, and the evil was driven out once again. And I was happy. I am the symbol of Halloween. I am the emblem of Halloweentown. I was there throughout the past, keeping watch over my people. I continue to do so in the present. I will continue to do so for countless years to come. And I will be happy. A.N.- Happy October 1st![Chapter 30] i. Agatha hummed to herself, dabbling her small feet in the brook. She was still bleeding, from the cut on her forehead, but she knew the wound would heal soon. She was waiting, giving her body time to heal, which it did with enough rapidity that women still tucked their children behind their skirts and made gestures to ward off evil whenever they saw her skipping down the street, remembering that Sunday when she was four where she'd skinned her knees leaving the church and they had been healed within the hour. She hummed a little louder, a hymn about founts of every blessing and streams of mercy never ceasing that they'd sung just that Sunday past. She cast her eyes around for some of the prettiest flowers she could find. Fortunately, she didn't have to look far- this deep in the woods, wildflowers and berries abounded, untouched save for wild animals. She would need an excuse for why she had stayed out so late, when her mother had told her to be back in time to practice scrying as the sun went down. She would tell her mother with a sweet smile that she had been following the trail of a beautiful butterfly when she'd come across such beautiful flowers. She wouldn't mention the boys that had been waiting for her when she'd left Goody Smith's house after returning the needle and thread she'd borrowed a week ago, in their dirty trousers with their smudged faces. She wouldn't mention that her pretty new scarlet dress, with the bright yellow marigolds stitched into the hem by her elder sister on a long midwinter night had gotten torn when they'd pushed her down in the road, spitting on her and casting stones. She would only mention the cheeriness of the late fall sunshine and the softness of the grass under her feet. She wasn't leaving these things out to be a martyr, like her namesake. She wasn't going to mention them because she had learned well from her mother. \"Sometimes, people are going to treat you differently. They're going to fear and hate you for no reason. Even though you could hurt them very badly if you wanted to, you mustn't. That's part of being a good person- we try to live in peace with all the children of the world. It's more than many of our neighbors can say,\" she had said. 'They're children of this world too', Agatha reflected, 'just the way the winter wolf and I are both children of this world. The only difference is, I'm smart enough not to throw stones at wolves who could tear me to pieces.' She knew if she told her brothers and sisters what happened, there would be destruction and damage and more furtive whispers and angry glares. She wiped her tears away and filled her apron with flowers and hurried home as the shadows began to lengthen and the woods grew dim. ii. The Cromwell family sat in their pew on the front lefthand side of the church. There were certainly enough of them to take up an entire pew. Ignatius, their father, sat at the head of the row, with his wife Cicely right beside him, the pair in simply cut, unadorned outfits made of damask, in gray for the husband and amber for the wife. They were followed by their eldest son Quentin in a dark blue satin overcoat, then their daughter Isidora in elegant plum velvet, followed by their twin sons Roderick and Sebastian in matching bottle green jackets, then Joanna in a bright rich yellow, Gabriel with a dusky orange doublet, Irene in pale pink silk and little Agatha in a scarlet miniature of her mother's gown. Their outfits were simple, modest, unadorned- the richest ornamentation showed by the family was the wedding bands on the parents' fingers and the wrought gold crosses around each child's neck. But around the family shone an aura of good fortune and good health. No child of theirs had died. No field Ignatius owned had withered or been struck by blight. Their livestock were always hale and healthy. The merchant ships the family financed had fine weather and good sailing and always made a profit. The family was open with their largesse, giving amply to charity and the church and the schools of the surrounding areas. They provided alms to beggars and blankets, shoes, food and medicine to the poor. As they sat in their row in the church, as they did every Sunday, they bowed their heads piously and sang hymns praising the Christian God with sincerity. Their neighbors hated and feared them, the pastor would not look any of them in the eye, and no one sat in the rows immediately behind or in front of them. If it had not been for the fact that Ignatius owned or funded over half the town, they would have been burned as the witches everyone whispered openly now that they were long ago. The family that stood out like peacocks among drab pigeons sailed out of church in two straight lines when the service was over, heads held high, ignoring the murmurings and hisses and obvious gestures meant to ward off evil. It didn't matter that the townspeople mistrusted and disliked them, when they had been the recipients of nothing but kindness at their hands. Once the family was safely behind the barred doors of their house, they quickly hung their nice church garments away and donned robes of cotton and silk. They would leap on their broomsticks and fly to the clearing nearby, low amid the trees to avoid detection, where they would practice all manners of magic together as a family until late into the night. It did not matter that they had no other friends and that they were reviled by all the others around them. They had each other, and needed no one else. iii. \"I tell you, Cromwell, it's very bad north of here,\" The visitor said from his seat by the fire. Cicely pressed another cup of mulled wine on him as Ignatius encouraged him to go on. \"We ought to go back to bed,\" Joanna whispered idly. \"We should,\" Isidora agreed, but none of the girls moved. This conversation made it possible for the children, lurking as they were on the stairwell just out of sight, to tell their parents when they inevitably were caught that they had just decided to go back to bed without lying too badly. \"Have there been more attacks?\" Their father asked, voice low and urgent. \"The vampires are dug up from their graves as they sleep during the day. Werewolves can't show their faces in proper establishments, because they only accept payment in silver these days. The fae are slighted and insulted at every turn. And the witches… our brothers. Have you read this drivel, this… Malleus Maleficarum ? Do you see what they do to our kind?\" The visitor asked, thumping a thick pamphlet onto the table next to them. \"Have there been retaliations?\" Cicely asked. The visitor nodded gravely. \"You know what it's like. When you're hunted, driven out, when you see your wife and children slaughtered before you, and you have it in your power to make torments for those responsible….. well, you know the temptations, I'm sure. Not everyone resists provocations as well as you and your family.\" The visitor continued. \"Something must be done, Cromwell.\" He finished. \"I agree, Kalabar,\" Their father assented as he sat back in his chair. \"But before we discuss the matter further…. Isidora, take your sisters and make yourselves fit to receive company. Joanna, go and wake your brothers. By the time this is through, it will concern all of you, and it's better that you all hear of it now,\" The children gave a guilty start as they were spoken to, but hurried to do as they were instructed. Within minutes the children sat in rows on the benches grouped around the fire. Isidora and Quentin had fussed over everyone on the landing before the group had descended, making sure that their garments were neat, their hair arranged, their faces and hands clean. Not a single eye drooped low with sleep despite the late hour. They always wanted to do their parents credit, but most especially so in this case as it was the first time that they had so much as seen, much less received, another warlock. \"Your father and I have something very important to explain to you children.\" Their mother began. iv. \"Are you ready?\" Ignatius asked his children. \"Yes, Father,\" They all responded. The attitudes of the younger Cromwells ranged from excited (Sebastian and Roderick) to worried (Irene) to proud (Agatha). \"It is very important that you remember to do exactly as your father and I have taught you,\" Cicely told her children, fixing the cloak more firmly around her husbands shoulders. It had been a year since their parents late night meeting with Adrian Kalabar, a close friend of their father's from his days as an apprentice. The little quartet, as the youngest four siblings were called, all affirmed that they remembered. Indeed, how could they not? They had been practicing for a year. Their parents had determined that though none of them were fully trained, they could still contribute by opening their minds to their family members and giving them access to the vast, as-yet untapped reserves of magical potential that rested inside them to aid in the casting of the biggest and most complex spell the world had ever seen. Every witch, warlock and wizard in the world knew of the gathering taking place on Cromwell lands in England, and every one of them had responded to the summons. At the sight of a host of strange, often outlandish people pouring in droves down the main road of the town up over the hill that led to Cromwell Place, the majority of the townsfolk wisely dropped whatever they were doing and fled, some screaming about the wrath of God being visited on all things unholy. The witches and warlocks were all gathered in this clearing now, in rings of power radiating outward from the small central ring that consisted of what would forever after come to be known as the Cromwell Coven. With the moon at its zenith on All Hallows Eve, the company assembled in the clearing, men and women, children and great grandparents, joined hands and closed their eyes, their faces upturned. The spell began slowly with a murmur from Cicely, and was taken up by her family almost immediately. It spread outward, growing in force and power. This assemblage of minds, hearts and immense power was channeled and directed to the Cromwells. Above them in the air, a swirling portal, first nothing more distinct than a handful of mist that slowly coalesced into a sturdy stone doorway, began to appear. Young Agatha, eight winters old at the time, had gazed with wonder and wide eyes as another dimension was brought into life before her. The doorway settled on the ground in the middle of the circle, pulsing with strange light. Beyond it lay a world, a new and pristine place untarnished by hatred and violence, where innocent, hardworking people could go and live their lives in whatever manner they deemed fit without fear or persecution. \"Go, my brothers and sisters,\" Ignatius said in a dreamy voice. \"Go to those like us, all around the globe. Find anyone and everyone who wants to make a home away from the trappings of this Mortal World. Use all your skills and all your powers to bring those who want to come here. My family and I will keep the portal open for the next day. Tell them that this new world opens its arms to them, no matter who or what they are. Tell them that Halloweentown is waiting to welcome them home.\" v. The sisters could now dance through the glens without shoes and without fear. The brothers were among some of the first students enrolled in the school of higher learning their father helped found there, school being a privilege they had long been denied. Those early centuries passed like a decade, full of wonder and magic and beauty. Halloweentown was peaceful, a haven for creatures of all descriptions. Laws were settled on, holidays and infrastructure and constabularies established. Ignatius and Cicely were offered the lordship of Halloweentown many times, and each time they declined, insisting that Halloweentown not be ruled by a king or queen but by an elected official in the form of a mayor. After helping establish Halloweentown proper, the family set up a business based not only on the sale of goods but on the sale of magic spells, talismans and potions, owned jointly by husband and wife, which all the children were greatly looking forward to helping create product for. And with that, the family moved to a replica of Cromwell Place that the fertile imagination and strong will of their parents had conjured for them here in this new dimension, settled on a high hill overlooking the as-yet small but bustling town. The two heads of the Cromwell family, aided by the big quartet, took turns tending the store, which achieved almost instant popularity among the townsfolk for the quality of their goods and services. Cicely and her daughters were viewed as just as competent and skilled as Ignatius and his sons. Once Joanna and Gabriel had been fully trained, Isidora and Quentin left tending the shop and founded a school to provide education to the young children of Halloweentown, which Irene and Agatha attended with the children of many of their parent's friends. It was there that Agatha met Roald Aspen, a boy of her own age whose parents had been burned at the stake before Halloweentown had been founded, raised ever since by his uncle. A tentative friendship struck up between the two. Agatha's sisters teased and her brothers chuckled and Agatha blushed and insisted Roald was nothing more than a friend. It became his habit to come and visit her at Cromwell Place every so often, and they would tear across the sloping lawns and through the surrounding trees, playing games of their own devising. With him she grew, and became known for her vivacious flair for spellcasting, for her cheerful outlook on life. So it came to be that the Cromwells let the leadership of the town go to those who wanted, other clans and covens who competed against each other in elections and campaigns, and continued being nothing more than the owners of a prosperous business and farm, though everywhere the family went they were bowed to and every holiday season their house was filled with well wishers and gifts. But most importantly, the Cromwells continued to be a close-knit family, devoted to each other just as strongly in the absence of persecution as they had been before. vi. \"What are you doing here?\" Edwin Dalloway demanded brusquely of Vladimir Von Sackville-Bagg. They had run into each other on the brick walkway up to Cromwell Place- the warlock leaving and the vampire coming. \"Visiting a friend, Dalloway,\" Sackville-Bagg responded, tone equally cold. \"You count the Cromwells among your friends?\" Dalloway asked, scorn and incredulity dripping from his words. \"It happens that I do. And what was your business here?\" Sackville-Bagg asked, haughtily drawing himself up to his full height. \"Discussing magic, among other subjects I wouldn't expect you to understand,\" Dalloway responded sharply. At this, the vampire smiled, revealing the pale, pointed fangs that seemed to catch the light streaming from the windows of the house. Dalloway drew back, a handful of spells springing to his fingertips, waiting to be cast. \"Gentlemen, please,\" Cicely Cromwell said firmly. \"There is no need for this animosity.\" She continued as she positioned herself between the two men. \"Dear Vladimir, how very nice to see you again,\" Cicely announced with a forceful attempt at normalcy, leaning forward to kiss both his cheeks in customary greeting, ignoring both his bared fangs and Dalloway's exhalation of disgust. \"And Mr. Dalloway, I trust that we will be seeing you once again to pick up your customary order this Wednesday at the store?\" Cicely asked, arm linked through Sackville-Baggs, a very courteous and clear dismissal. \"Of course, madam,\" Dalloway responded stiffly, bowing and kissing her proffered hand before setting off down the path. \"What was that about?\" Cicely asked her friend as they walked up the path to the house. \"What I came here to speak with you and your husband about. There are people like Dalloway- witches and warlocks, mostly- who believe that since it was your kind that created this world for us to live apart from the mortals, we owe them our allegiance, obedience and… subservience. There are people like me who disagree,\" the vampire explained. \"I'm afraid that very same thing is what Dalloway was here to talk with us about,\" Cicely responded tiredly. \"Please come in,\" She invited out of courtesy rather than necessity, and as Sackville-Bagg crossed the threshold, she shut the door behind him and barred it against the gathering dark. vii. \"We can't allow this to go on any longer,\" Ignatius explained to his children as they put on their robes. They were very like the robes that the family had worn when a dimension and a portal had been conjured from nothing so many years ago. But where those had been made of thick, warm cloth, constructed with utility in mind, these were made of bright silks and velvets, worn on Halloween and other special occasions. \"Quentin and I have seen how this foolish fighting keeps children away from school,\" Isidora contributed, a spangle of silver stars decorating her plum velvet robes. \"Not to mention it's bad for business,\" Sebastian added, matching his twin in bottle green and bronze suns. \"It's wrong,\" stated Irene, the dark rose of her robes embroidered with clouds. \"It's certainly not what your father and I had in mind. Halloweentown was going to be the land of tolerance and love for one's neighbor,\" Cicely agreed, and for the first time the children noticed the glittering strands of silver in their mother's dark brown hair. \"Quentin, Roderick, Joanna and Irene, you'll come with me to make peace with the witches,\" their father said, as their mother concluded, \"And Isidora, Sebastian, Gabriel and Agatha, we're going to see the creatures.\" Their parents turned to face each other then, and the connection between the two was clearly palpable. \"With any luck we'll have this resolved by sundown,\" Cicely began. \"I'll meet you back here in time to help with dinner, my love,\" Ignatius responded, kissing his wife lightly. viii. In years to come, Agatha wouldn't know if it was a blessing or a curse that she had been standing at the back of the line of her family. She sat on the chair that had been provided for her, in the black dress that still smelled of her mothers hands, the black veil not quite hiding the fact that she was staring sightlessly forward, lost in a private world of grief. The nine coffins laid in a row before her, the newly constructed crypt casting deep shadows behind her. All of Halloweentown had come together to provide the coffins and the sepulcher. Each contingent of Cromwells had walked into traps laid at each camp that had been intended for people who had come to make war, not peace. Each Cromwell, Halloweentown's foremost family and finest coven, had been killed, save for Agatha. It had taken the deaths of nine innocent people to remind both factions- the creatures and the witches- of exactly why Halloweentown had been founded. Shocked and horrified by what their rivalry had caused, the fighting had ceased immediately, bringing an end to the first and only official war of Halloweentown. The day of the funeral was silent. There was not a single being in all of Halloweentown who had not come this day to pay their respects. Flowers, so many flowers, heaped on the coffins, as though by covering death with an outpouring of life the penitent citizens could make Agatha forget that her world had been shattered. ix. Cromwell Place was silent. It had remained empty and untouched for years. The Cromwell shop had sat dusty and disused, until the city council quietly voted to purchase it from the Cromwell Estate and sell it to another denizen of the city, for the city was growing and sprawling ever quicker. Agatha Cromwell, being the only one, was the sole heir and executor of the estate, but no one had heard from her in many years. The last they had seen, she had set out with her carpetbag that had been old when Halloweentown was young in one hand and her childhood friend holding the other, with an intention to explore the rest of this grand, mysterious world that was her family's legacy. There were many stories at first, of the places she visited and lived. Vespers, the city by the sea, could boast that she'd spent almost three years there. But others scattered far and wide, such as Samhain in the mountains, Thornswood deep within the whispering forests, and Harvest Town in the middle of the rolling plains of farmland, only held her attention for a year at most. Sightings of the last, grief-torn Cromwell became more and more infrequent, until it became almost an urban legend- one day, Agatha Cromwell will sweep down out of the hills on the last breeze of summer and throw open the doors of the old Cromwell Place and put an end to the uneasiness that still hung on the town, a remembrance of the sins of the past. As it happened, the last flower of the Cromwells didn't sweep into town, a mythical creature out of legend, at that point one of the last remaining people who had helped create Halloweentown as well as the last of her family. She returned quietly to Halloweentown proper, the city that held old ghosts for her around every corner. But the memories now made her smile- bittersweet and with longing, but smiling nonetheless. She was welcomed back with open arms. Years passed before the citizenry realized that Roald hadn't left her side since they had set out and that there was a wedding ring on her fourth finger. As Aggie Cromwell established herself once more as a prominent, respected citizen and quietly resumed the old family business of trade in quality amulets, spells and goods, Halloweentown felt the old scars healing. Decades later, the word spread around town like wildfire- Aggie Cromwell had welcomed a daughter into this world. With this child, flame haired, precious Gwendolyn, the Cromwells- the creators and lifeblood of Halloweentown- began to rebuild.[Chapter 31] As a rule, Gwen did not drink. Alcohol was something for special occasions- wine at Christmas, something a little stronger once the children had been put to bed if it had been an especially rough Halloween, but that was more or less it. But here she sat, forehead propped on her fist, lank hair obscuring her face, slumped over a bottle of whiskey and a nearly full glass on the kitchen table in front of her. She had been grateful at first, when one of the other mothers on the PTA at Marnie and Dylan's elementary school had offered to take her children for the night, even Sophie, who got tantrumy when she was tired, so she could have some time to herself. But as she had drifted around her home, the house she'd bought with her husband and filled with memories with him, she regretted that decision. At least with her children around, she had responsibilities. She had to still make lunches and wash clothes and provide comfort even when she didn't know where she'd get the strength to face another day. She had to be a responsible adult. There were people depending on her. She'd realized shortly that ghosts waited for her around every corner in the home- had it really been only last month that she'd remarked to Will how cozy it was, discussed buying new curtains for the living room as they washed dishes after supper? Without her children depending on her for some semblance of normalcy, it was all too easy to give herself over to the saltwater tide of grief. She had sat, silent and motionless on the couch as the sinking sun threw thick slats of red light through the darkening house. She had cried so many times over the past few days that she felt spent and empty. A loud growl from her stomach had brought her back to herself, and she had wandered into the kitchen, closing her eyes against the wave of memories. But instead of food, she'd found herself with the bottle of whiskey in her hands, and suddenly, drinking until the desire to call his name and bring him out from wherever he was hiding, because surely this was a horrible joke, surely she hadn't shut her loving husband, cheerful charming Will, in a coffin and watched as they buried him in the earth, had abated. The thought swam out from the back of Gwen's mind, made hazy by lack of sleep and sustenance. She could go back to that graveyard right now and call his name and bring him back. The idea sent a stark thrill of horror down her spine. She knew very well that there were consequences for raising the dead. At best, she'd get back an empty shell, the pale imitation of the man she'd planned to spend her short handful of mortal years with, or a revenant who thought only of fresh blood. At worst, her haywire magic would only desecrate the final resting place of her best friend. Gwen gulped, a small bleak laugh dropping into the stillness around her. If she was half the witch her mother was, she would've foreseen the slick, dark road, the careless driver, the circumstances that took harmless, kind Will's life. If she was half the witch her mother was, she could've flown to his side, stopped the life from seeping out of him into the black asphalt below, kept him alive until help could arrive. But as it was, the powers she had spent so long suppressing could only give her intuitive shivers that something was terribly wrong, shivers which kept her nervously pacing the living room until the telephone rang and her world was knocked off its axis. She wondered if her mother's intuition had alerted her to her daughters deep and desperate unhappiness. She wondered if she was scrying for her even now in her witch's glass. Gwen supposed she looked pretty pitiful, alone in her shadowy house, lost in sorrow. Maybe her mother was even now doing the same thing, clutching her hands to her heart and crying, in part from empathizing with Gwen's pain and from not being able to comfort her. Maybe her mother was sitting amid her candles and spellbooks, with that smug \"I told you so\" look on her face, thinking Gwen had deserved this heartbreak for abandoning her family and her world. Gwen tipped back the whiskey, the unaccustomed taste making her cough and sputter. The burn in her throat that spreading down to her stomach was a new sensation, something else to focus on besides the gritty burn of her eyes and aching everything behind her ribcage. She poured another good measure of it out and then put the lid back on the bottle. As much as it hurt right now, she knew already that the nighttime, when she should have been laying safe and loved in her husband's arms, would be the worst time. In the light of the morning, she could handle going back to being Mom , who would need to comfort confused and miserable children. She couldn't afford to impair herself. Yes, she would need to get a grip tomorrow, but for tonight, she could fall to as many pieces as she needed. She finished her drink and sobbed herself to sleep on the couch because she couldn't handle going up to her cold and empty bed. Her last thought before the alcohol helped her into oblivion was how grateful she was that her children would never feel this. They would be hurt and unhappy for a long time, they would grieve, but in the end, they would be all right. She would see to it. If they lost spouses when they grew up, they would never have the double pain of knowing that not only were their loved ones were dead and forever beyond their reach, but also that they could've had more than just ambulances and hospitals available to help save them, if only they had just been better . Gwen slept and, mercifully, did not dream. A.N- Hey everyone! This is the 31 st word prompt, meaning I am technically done with this fic! However, I don't want to end on such a downer note, so stay tuned for a bonus prompt in the next few weeks! ","Summary":" Cody used to think that the color orange was really ugly. Like prison jumpsuits- not that he'd ever"},{"Movie":"Halloweentown","Title":"Life of Luke and Marnie","Author":"Veronica and balthzar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12672703","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Gwen and Aggie Talk about the fact that Luke and Marnie are getting married. A goblin. Why did it have to be a goblin? Why couldn't it have been a human or even a warlock but that wasn't Marnie it never had been. Ever since she had come home from Halloweentown when she was thirteen some part of Gwen had known Marnie would end up marrying a creature. \"Still trying to get over the shock of it all dear?\" Aggie asked from the door between the kitchen and the living room. She walked over and took a seat next to Gwen. \"So, they already told you then?\" She whispered still staring off into the distance. Aggie nodded. \"Just after they told you and believe me I know how you're feeling. One moment everything is fine and then the next moment your daughter comes home and tells you she marrying a mortal... I mean a goblin and there's nothing you can do to stop her.\" Gwen let out a harsh laugh and turned in her chair to face her Aggie. \"You're enjoying this aren't you mother.\" \"No.\" She said. \"I remember how it felt, like you're losing a big part of your world to someone you barely know. However, it could be worse. You won't have to go a year without seeing your daughter, you won't have to chose between your home and seeing your family and you won't have to pretend to be something you're not whenever you go visit them.\" Her mother grasped Gwen's hand in her own and squeezed it. It had always amazed Gwen how her mother could make her feel better and guilty at the same time. She didn't regret moving to the mortal world but she was sorry she ever made her mother feel this way. She could never quite figure out how to tell her that. Aggie leaned over and kissed her cheek. \"I know dear and besides there are many creatures I Halloweentown who are worse than Luke that she could have ended up with. Luke is a fine goblin and will make a great husband.\" \"Besides when you get a grandchild that will fix everything.\" Gwen put her foot down at that. Marnie was only twenty-three she would not be having a child anytime soon married or not. A/N Okay so first a few things you should know while it is my intention to do one of those stories where you post a little story everyday until Halloween however knowing my self as I do I will probably get about five chapters in and give up. Second thing you should know pretty much all of these stories will very short. So, consider yourself warned. Finally, I do not own Halloweentown or anything related to it.[Chapter 2] Summary: Luke and Marnie going through the black hole from Luke's point of view. \"I think we should try going through that black hole over there,\" Marnie yelled as she pointed to the black hole off in the distance. Luke's stomach dropped there was no way he was going anywhere near the black hole let alone going through it. Then above all of the noise in the black hole, he heard the beeping of Marnie's watch. He looked down at the watch it read eleven fifty-six only two more minutes until midnight. He would only ever do this for Marnie. \"Try it,\" Luke yelled back over the noise of the timeline. He tightened his grip around Marnie's waist as they shot off toward the black hole. Marnie is a smart competent witch who would never put us in danger. He chanted in his head repeating it over and over again as they got closer to the black hole. It was no use and he lost his nerve at the last minute. \"And what if this black hole theory let's say doesn't work?\" He asked as they reached the black hole. Luke never got his answer because the next thing he knew he was thrown off the broom through a pile of mismatched socks. Of all the things he would only do for Marnie, flying thought a black hole into a pile of mismatched socks to Gort's house. Luke looked down his watch eleven fifty-eight. \"Hurry it's almost midnight.\" A/N I do not own Halloweentown or anything related to it. Please leave a review.[Chapter 3] Summary: Marnie finds out something about Luke. \"So, wait who's turn, is it?\" Harriet asked. \"It's Luke's turn,\" Marnie said looking up from the cards in her hand. Luke, Gary, and Prince all stared at her like she was turning gray. \"How is it my turn?\" Luke asked. \"What happened to Gary's turn?\" \"Yeah\" Gary nodded in agreement. Marnie laughed snuggling into Luke from her spot on the floor. \"Yeah but Prince used his change direction card so now it's your turn instead. I explained all of this at the beginning of the game Luke!\" \"I give up!\" Luke said tossing down his cards. \"Me too!\" Gary and Prince added and Marnie rolled her eyes. Uno was not that complicated most seven-year-old mortals could play Uno no problems. Her friends just weren't paying attention. \"I'm hungry. Do you guys have pizza here?\" Harriet asked. Harriet was new to the traditional Halloween mortal world game night. She had only started dating Prince three weeks ago but they had decided to invite her anyway. Marnie nodded. \"What do you guys want on your pizza?\" \"Tadpole tails, poison ivy, and meal worm bits.\" \"I don't think they have any of that.\" \"What do you normally get Marnie?\" Luke asked handing her the phone and a flyer with the phone number for the pizza place on it. \"I just get Pepperoni. Is that okay with you guys?\" Harriet was staring at her. \"We can't get that,\" Harriet said. Marnie felt Luke tense slightly beneath her. \"Why not?\" \"Luke's allergic.\" She clarified. Why did Harriet think she knew so much about Luke? She barely knew him! Luke wasn't allergic she had seen him eat hamburgers at Swampy's in Halloweentown. \"All goblins are allergic it makes them really sick.\" Prince clarified. \"Didn't you know that?\" He asked noting the confused look on her face. \"yeah, I knew I just forgot,\" Marnie whispered. She tossed the phone and flyer to Gary. \"You go ahead and order. I have to go to the bathroom.\" Luke knew something was wrong when Marnie didn't come back for twenty minutes during which time Gary order the Pizza Prince started throwing the cards for Uno towards the back of Harriet's head. With nothing more than some excuse about checking to see if the pizza was here yet, he went down the hall towards the bathroom. He found her standing outside the bathroom leaning on the door. \"I feel like an idiot!\" She started the second Luke took a step toward her. Marnie was never one to hold back what was on her mind. \" I've seen you eat meat before at Swampy's.\" \"That was frog meat. I can eat frog and fish and bugs but that's all.\" Luke said taking another step towards her. \"Why didn't you tell me?\" Marnie demanded glaring at him. This was not typical behaviour for her. Luke stared down at his feet avoiding Marnie's glare. \"It doesn't matter.\" He looked up at Marnie she wasn't buying it. \"I mean I just assumed you already knew.\" He really didn't get why she was making such a big deal out of this. \"You think I would have suggested that if I had known! I mean you could have gotten really really sick I wouldn't have known why!\" Was that why she was so upset? She was worried about him? Luke took another step toward her and wrapped his arms around her. \"I'm sorry I didn't mean to upset you.\" He started leading her back towards the living room. \"Now come back before Prince gives Harriet a bruise on the back of her head. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing that has to do with Halloweentown. I hope you like it and please leave a review.[Chapter 4] Summary: Marnie gives a present to Luke after the second halloweentown movie. \"Luke!\" Marnie smiled pulling Luke by his arm away from the celebrating crowd. She had just finished talking to her grandma about something to do with spiders and he could guess what was coming next. She would go back home to the mortal world and even if she came to visit it would be months before he saw her again. \"I should go home now it's getting late.\" It was only noon in Halloweentown but he knew what she meant. \"Just don't forget to come visit alright,\" Luke said. \"I will.\" She laughed smiling even brighter. \"I want you to have this.\" Marnie pulled something out of her cloak and pressed it into his hand. Luke stared at the object in his hand it was a shrunken head. \"Uhm Thanks.\" He mumbled. Luke stared at it he hadn't had a shrunken head since he was four. They were just toys to help little kids sleep at night. \"Grandma Aggie made them. She says they are kind of like walkie talkies.\" Luke nodded although he still had no clue what a walkie talkie was. \"So how does it walk if it doesn't have a body?\" Luke asked as he examined it for some sort of hidden body. Marnie laughed. \"It's like a phone between dimensions. I have the other one at home so we can talk when ever your free even if I'm not here.\" She explained. \"So don't be afraid to call alright.\" \"I won't.\" He assured her. Then he pulled her towards him placing a kiss on her forehead. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing that has to do with Halloweentown. Thank you for reading my story and please leave a review. Just in case it wasn't obvious these stories are in no particular order. Also don't be afraid to point out any spelling mistakes of things like that I may have missed.[Chapter 5] Summary: Luke teaches Marnie how to cook goblin food. \"One of your worms are escaping,\" Luke noted from his spot next to her in the kitchen. Marnie scowled at Luke as she grabbed the worm and tossed it back into the bowl. She went back to mixing the live worms with flour in her bowl. She didn't know why Luke had insisted on using live worms but she was going to make him pay for it. A few more worm crawled over her hands. She wished she had known what kind of creature Luke turned into before she had asked him to teach her how to cook. He was critical and judgmental and downright irritating when he cooked. So much unlike the typical quiet self-doubting goblin he normally was. After a few more minutes of trying to coat the brown and black worms in flour, she turned around and wrapped her arms around Luke's neck. Marnie tried to hide the smirk that crept onto her face. She kissed the side of his nose and Luke barely acknowledged it. \"You seem different today,\" Marnie said. \"In a good way though.\" \"Your worms are escaping again.\" Marnie rolled her eyes and turned back to her bowl of live worms. Sure enough, their were six or seven of the little guys making white flour trails as they ran for their little lives away from the bowl. Then Luke added. \"Cooking is the only thing I'm really good at. I mean I screwed up everything else in my life but I've always been good at cooking so I want you to be good at it too.\" She grabbed all of the worms and tossed them back into the bowl. \"You're good at plenty of things.\" Marnie objected. \"I mean you helped me save Halloweentown twice, and you can drive a bus without even needing a road and you're the only one in Halloweentown that knows how to properly play Uno now.\" Luke opened to mouth probably to argue with her than he stopped. He squirmed slightly then stopped and then shook out her shirt some more. Marnie and Luke watched as a worm fell onto the floor. \"How did that get in my shirt?\" Luke asked looking from Marnie to the worm. It was almost like he was accusing Her of slipping the worm down his shirt. Marnie smirked again as she turned back to her cooking. \"I guess it escaped.\" she said mixing the worms in her bowl with the flour. A/N Disclaimer I don't own anything related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading my story and please leave a review.[Chapter 6] Summary: Marnie goes to visit her mom. Gwen wasn't at all surprised when Marnie showed up at her door step. Marnie had only moved to Halloweentown about a week ago in the mortal world but in Halloweentown that was months and her daughter was surprisingly homesick. In fact the only reason Gwen had known Marnie was going to visit today was because had visited at the same time everyday for the past five days. She watched as her daughter moved around the living room looking for something to do. \"How are you sweetie?\" Gwen asked. \"I'm good.\" Marnie smiled. \"It's been a while since I've seen you so I thought I would come visit.\" Marnie continued on telling her all about what was new in Halloweentown most of her stories centering around her mother or Luke. Gwen smiled it was ironic. While Marnie lived at home she used to always fight with her trying to get her to stay and now that she was gone she saw her even more than she did when she was at home. \"So,\" Marnie continued. \"I may not be able to come visit for a while Luke's brother was on the bad end of a spell so were going to go stay with him for a couple months but I'll come visit again as i can. Gwen just nodded. She knew eventually Marnie would get used to Halloweentown and her visits would become less frequent but for now she would enjoy Marnie's visits. A/N Disclaimer I do not own Halloweentown. Hope you like my story honestly this is my least favorite chapter but I'm rushing to finish one today. Thank you reading my story.[Chapter 7] Summary: okay so someone asked me to write a story about Luke and Marnie at the carnival and this happened instead. \"Come on dude.\" Prince said pushing Luke towards the portal. Luke tried to dig his heels deeper into the ground. He had out right refused to go to the carnival in the mortal world. \"No way. I'm not going. Forget it!\" Prince pushed harder on his back and the two tripped over each other both of them falling to the ground. There was no way he was going and nothing his friends could do would change that. \"So, should I tell Marnie you were to busy to come visit because you were cheating on her with Prince.\" Gary asked staring at his two friends on the ground. Luke untangled himself from Prince and sat down on the ground. \"First I'm not cheating on her with anyone because we aren't dating.\" He stated. \"Second you won't have to worry about Marnie because she probably has some stupid normal human boyfriend and has forgotten all about me.\" Prince and Gary stared at him. \"That's weird Luke.\" Prince started picking up Luke's feet. \"Because last time I checked Marnie seemed pretty into you.\" Gary finished picking him up by his arms. \"Now off to the portal\" Gary proclaimed carrying Luke between them. Prince tightened his grip around Luke's legs as if to warn him that if even tried anything he was getting dropped on his butt. Luke didn't even try to fight them. His friends could him to do almost anything when they tag teamed him. A/N Disclaimer I do not own Halloweentown. Sorry for the delay in uploading my story. Also I generally write stories in a universe where the 3rd and 4th movies never happened however this is my only chapter so far that goes against that rule. Anyway, thank you for reading my story.[Chapter 8] Summary: Luke and Marnie talk about kids. \"So, Prince is going to be a dad.\" Luke suddenly announced in the middle of one of his and Marnie's couch cuddling sessions. Marnie sat up slightly so that she could fully stare at Luke. \"Where did that come from?\" She asked. Luke shrugged. \"I don't know. I was thinking about things and it popped into my head. Apparently, Harriet told him last night and he came into my work this morning completely freaking out.\" \"What kind of things were you thinking about?\" Marnie asked as she lay back down on Luke's chest. \"I think they'll have a very cute half mummy half gargoyle baby.\" Luke said. Marnie decided that she wold let him change the subject for today. She nodded. \"What do mummy and gargoyle babies look like?\" \"We'll mummies kind of reminder me of little balls of string. Gargoyle babies kind of look like little tiny boulders.\" Luke wrapped his arms around Marnie and pulled her closer into his chest. \"What are mortal babies like?\" He asked. Marnie thought for a moment. \" They kind of reminder me of rotten tomatoes. You know when they start to shrivel up and become all wrinkly. The fruit not the babies.\" She clarified. \"Do you like tomatoes?\" Luke asked. He felt Marnie stiffen slightly before speaking. \"Uh yeah I guess so. I mean I've never really thought if having my own tomato before but I would want one eventually just not right now. I mean I'm only twenty-three. Would you want a tomato?\" She asked. Luke shook his head earning him a glare from Marnie. \"No?\" She demanded. \"I mean it's not that I don't want a tomato. Goblins just tend to look more like carrots when they are little. They usually have a lot of hair when their born and they look kind of orange. So there is a good chance we could have a carrot not a tomato.\" \"Well,\" Marnie said taking Luke's head in her hands. \"I'd be happy with a carrot or a tomato.\" She pulled Luke towards her and pressed lips against his. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing that has to do with Halloweentown. I hope you like this chapter and thank you for reading my story.[Chapter 9] Summary: Benny has some good news for Luke. \"Luke!\" Benny yelled beckoning Luke over to his cab. Luke always liked Benny. He was one of the only creatures who didn't hold a grudge against him for all the nasty things he did while he was working for Calabar. \"What is it?\" Luke asked leaning against the window of the cab. \"You said to tell you if I heard anything from Aggie \" Benny said. Luke nodded but didn't say anything. \"Well Aggie and your girlfriend wont be coming for a visit this year.\" Luke could feel his face turning red but he sincerely hoped it wasn't showing on his face. \"Marnie is not my girlfriend.\" He protested and Benny laughed. \"Then I guess you'll have plenty of time to change that next year when Marnie comes to spend the year here with Aggie training.\" Benny said smiling as much as a skeleton can. Luke cleaned out his ear with his fingers. There could be no possible way Benny had just said what he thought Benny had said. \"Like Halloweentown here?\" Luke asked. Benny nodded. That was the best news Luke had heard all year. He want to jump up and down and laugh and cheer he was so excited but he couldn't seem to move so all he did was stand there and smile at Benny. Next year was going to be the best year of his life. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading my story and I hope you enjoyed it. Yes I know time works differently in halloweentown however i still think that for one Halloween to the next for the residents of Halloweentown would still be considered one year.[Chapter 10] Summary: Marnie thinks Luke got a tattoo. Luke had come over to grandma Aggie's house to help Marnie with her potion making and by help she really meant that Luke would get all the things on the top shelf for her. \"Werewolf hair please.\" Marnie said holding out her hand. Marnie could have easily gotten anything she wanted by magic but she enjoyed watching Luke as he reached for the containers. She loved when his shirt would ride up as he reached for things allowing her a little peek at his back. That was when she saw it, something small and orange or yellow on his back. No way Marnie thought. There was no possible way it could be what she thought it was. Luke would never do something like that it just wasn't in his nature. \"What is that?\" Marnie demanded. \"Nothing.\" Luke said a little to quickly pulling down his shirt. \"Luke that's a flower.\" Marnie said pointing out the obvious. \"Technically it's a scar in the shape of a flower.\" He mumbled looking down at his feet. Marnie was staring at him. \"So how did you manage to get a scar that looks exactly like a flower\" She was still not convinced it wasn't a tattoo. \"Your mom.\" He said in a voice barely more than a whisper. Then Marnie had a sudden flashback to something her mother had done the first time she had ever visited Halloweentown. Marnie started laughing and she pulled Luke into a hug. \"I love it.\" She said in between her laughing fit. A/N Disclaimer I do not own anything related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading my story and I hope you enjoy this chapter.[Chapter 11] Summary: Luke is feeling bad after the first Halloweentown movie. Luke wanted nothing more than to go home and never return to school ever again. It was the very first day of school after Marnie had left and he was sure none of his so called friends would even acknowledge his existence. So far he had been completely ignored by two of his friends and one had managed a small smile at him before returning to the friend who were completely ignoring him and it was only lunch time. \"Man where have you been? I've been looking all over for you.\" Someone said sitting down next to him, it was Gary. \"You dare to come near one of the most hated people in school ?\" Luke asked. Gary laughed. \"I really hope you're not talking about yourself.\" Luke nodded but didn't say anything so Gary continued. \"Dude you basically sacrificed yourself to help some half mortal save all of Halloweentown. You're like famous.\" \"It doesn't feel like it.\" Luke mumbled sparing a glance at most of his former friends. Gary followed his gaze and sighed. \"Dude those kind of creatures are no good no matter how pretty they look. We'll have better friends by the end of the week. I even heard a tenth grader bragging to his friends about how close the two of you are.\" Gary said. Luke did not believe him and he knew for sure he didn't know any tenth graders besides his brother. \"I think his name is Prince or something. Do you know him?\" Luke shook his head. Then he though it might be a good idea to see if he was actually as famous as Gary said he was. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. I hope you like my story and thank you for reading.[Chapter 12] Summary: Luke finds out about a certain book Marnie used to like. Luke and Dylan were sitting on the couch in awkward silence waiting for Marnie. The three of them were going to go shopping for a present for Gwen. \"So how have you been?\" Luke asked breaking the silence. \"I'm good I've been doing a lot of reading for a publishing company,\" Dylan answered. Then there was more silence. Luke leaned back against the couch looking down at the coffee table. There was a large book on the table with a young girl and a guy who looked like he was in pain on the cover. \"Is that what you're reading?\" He asked. Dylan shook his head. \"No, that's Marnie old book she's letting Sophie read it. I think it's about sparkly vampires or something like that. I never read it.\" Luke nodded like he understood but he didn't really not a lot in the mortal world made sense to him. However, he was about ninety percent sure that vampires didn't sparkle in Halloweentown or maybe they did and he just never noticed. He would have to ask his sister in law the next time he saw her. \"Marnie used to love that book when she was younger. She would always go on and on about how she wanted a boyfriend like the one in that book.\" Dylan added. Two hours later Luke and Marnie were finally home from their shopping trip. Marnie was in the kitchen putting away some potion ingredients she had gotten. Luke decided it would be a good time to make his move. \"So do you only have a thing for sparkly vampires or do you like all different kinds of sparkly creatures?\" He asked pulling a jar of glitter out of his coat pocket. He had bought it at one of the stores they had gone to. Marnie whirled around so fast he wasn't completely sure she didn't use magic to do it. \"Who told you?\" She demanded. He didn't answer just took a few steps closer and pour a fair amount of glitter over their heads. \"Your brother has a big mouth.\" He whispered leaning down and pressing his mouth against hers. Luke could feel her shock dissolve as she leaned into the kiss pulling him in closer to her until she was pressed tightly up against the wall. Then he pulled away slightly not completely letting go of her. \"So was it everything you dreamed it would be?\" Marnie laughed. \"Luke, thirteen year old me may have like that book but twenty-four year old me likes her goblins not sparkly.\" A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Also, I hope you enjoyed this chapter and thank you for reading. Sorry, I didn't put this up yesterday but now you get two today so I would say that makes up for it.[Chapter 13] Thirteen was always Marnie's lucky number. She was born on October thirteenth. She met Luke and started her training as a witch on her thirteenth Halloween. Finally, the number of the house where she and Luke lived was number thirteen. So when Luke suggested that eight was the luckiest number she knew he had to set him straight. \"Luke everyone knows that lucky thirteen is the luckiest number.\" She snapped. \"How is thirteen lucky?\" He demanded. \"It just is!\" She yelled. \"It's way luckier than eight. I mean how is eight lucky?\" \"Forget it I'm not having this argument with you now.\" Luke snapped stomping off into their bedroom. Thirteen minutes later Luke decided he'd had enough of being mad. He walked out to find Marnie sitting on the couch in their living room. She was still moping. \"Look I'm sorry alright. I was being stupid it doesn't matter what number is the luckiest okay.\" Luke said from the doorway. Marnie didn't say anything she just got up and walked towards him. She stared at him arms crossed tapping her foot before she spoke. \"You realize it took you thirteen minutes to realize I was right don't you.\" Luke rolled his eyes. He would let Marnie think she was right in his mind he knew he was right. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Also, I hope you enjoyed this chapter and thank you for reading. Also, someone wanted me to do Luke and Marnie's first kiss, however, we all know technically that happened in the first movie but if you mean their first kiss on the lips I already put that in one of my other Halloweentown stories. Finally, I really want to know out of the chapters that I've posted so far which ones are your favorites.[Chapter 14] Summary: Luke's sibling want to finally meet Marnie. Luke was about to leave to pick up Marnie for their date when someone plowed into him from behind knocking him to the ground. Then a smaller force sat on his back. It was two of his brothers, Paul and Shane \"Guys I don't have time for this I'm going to be late,\" Luke said trying to knock his younger brother off his back. Then Paul decided that he needed to help his younger brother and sat down right next to him on top of Luke. Then he heard Marcus and Alice laughing at him. \"Come on guys let me up,\" Luke demanded trying and failing to push two of his brothers off of him. Marcus leaned down next to him and patted his head. \"I'm afraid my dear brother that I can't do that. You see you and Marnie have been together a year now and you have yet to introduce us to her so we are now forced to take drastic measures.\" Paul pulled out a letter from his pocket and tossed it to Marcus. \"Since you are not going to bring us to Marnie we will have to bring her to us. So we will be holding you hostage while our lovely friend Gary delivers this note to your girlfriend.\" Marcus finished. Luke groaned and started banging his head on the ground. He should have known this was coming eventually. \"Can we tie him up now.\" Luke heard Shane ask from his spot on top of him. \"We are not tying him up.\" He heard Alice scolded Shane. \"Well, you better do something because I really have to pee.\" Then Luke really started thrashing around trying to shake the two brothers off. There was no way he was going to let his fourteen-year-old brother pee on him. \"Don't even think about it, Shane!\" Luke yelled. Ten minutes later Marnie was standing in the town square waiting for Luke who was running very late when she got a letter. Dear Marnie, We have your boyfriend if you want to see him in time for your date come to Luke's house immediately. Sincerely Marcus, Paul, Alice, and Shane aka Luke's siblings Ps. come quickly or Luke is getting peed on by Shane. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading my story and I hope you liked it. Finally, I was thinking about possibly doing some chapters set way in the future where Luke and Marnie have kids is that something you guys would be interested in?[Chapter 15] Summary: What Luke was thinking before he warned Marnie about Calabar's trap. Luke had almost been home. He had been ten minutes away from his house when his conscious got the better of him and turned around walking back towards the town square. He knew this was a horrible idea. Calabar was way too powerful there was no way Marnie could stop him with her grandma let alone by herself. Luke stopped walking seriously considering just turning around and going home. He knew that was what he should do. He would be safe at home excluding any minor cuts or bruises he would get from his siblings. He started walking again faster than he was before still towards the town square. None of it made sense to Luke why would he willingly put himself in danger for some witch he had just met. It wasn't like they even liked each other. Well maybe Luke liked her but Marnie clearly had no interest in even so much as breathing the same air as him. He should just go home. Just go home and let Marnie fall right into Calabar's trap and never have to think about her again. It didn't matter anyway he was done with Calabar that guy was crazy. Then he saw her talking to her brother and sister and he started to walk faster so fast he was almost running. Luke had no clue why he cared about her or why he didn't just go home but he did know there was no way he was just going to stand by while Marnie walked straight into a trap. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading my story and I hope you like this chapter.[Chapter 16] Summary: Luke is sick and Marnie is taking care of him. Marnie couldn't believe what she was seeing. Luke was sitting on the living room floor in a giant pillow fort with a sheet tied around his neck for a cape. He looked down at something and then started to laugh but then his laugh turned into a cough. She had left her sick boyfriend in his bed an hour ago to go into town and get potion ingredients. \"Luke? Are you feeling better?\" Marnie asked but judging by how red his nose and ears were she doubted he was. \"Not now Marley! Steven is telling me about his girlfriend she's a witch.\" Marnie was dumbstruck. She walked over to Luke and felt his forehead he was definitely warm. \"You are my best friend Steven,\" Luke Said patting something on the ground. Then Marnie finally saw what Steven was. It was a big fat toad sitting on a pillow next to Luke. \"Come on Luke let's get you and Steven back to bed.\" She whispered pulling Luke up by his arm and scooping up Steven in her hands. Luke leaned on her arm as they walked to the bedroom. He was swaying slightly as they walked almost like he was about the faint at any moment. Once Luke was safely in bed and Steven safely in a box Marnie sat next to Luke running her hand through his hair. \"I'll go get you something to eat Luke I'll be right back,\" Marnie whispered moving to stand up but Luke grabbed her hand. \"I love you, Marley. You take such good care of me and Steven.\" Luke mumbled closing his eyes still gripping her hand. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. I hope you liked this chapter and please leave me a review and tell me what you think.[Chapter 17] Summary: Luke goes on a mission in a mortal grocery store to find worms. It was only supposed to be a very quick trip to the grocery store. There was a holiday in Halloweentown and they were in desperate need of milk and bread so Marnie had decided to go to the grocery store in the mortal world. Luke had also insisted that they needed worms. Although Marnie doubted they would find any in the particular grocery store they were at Luke was determined to find them. So he had left her the moment they had gotten to the store to search every Isle the store had for worms. Marnie had so far found everything on her list and was searching the snack food isles for anything else she wanted when she found Luke. He was reading the label on the bottom of a round container. \"Marnie, what type of worm is a gummy worm?\" Luke asked. \"It's not a worm Luke. It's a type of candy.\" Marnie smirked leaning on the cart she was pushing around. \"So are they like worm flavoured?\" He sniffed the container like he could smell what flavour it was. \"No they're fruit flavoured they're just shaped like worms.\" Luke rolled his eyes. \"Nothing in the mortal world makes sense. Why would you have candies that look like worms if they don't taste like worms?\" \"If you don't want them then don't get them,\" Marnie said grabbing the container of gummy worms from him. \"No, I want them.\" Luke protested grabbing the candy back and tossing it in the cart. \"Even if they don't taste like real worms.\" Marnie mocked. Luke turned and walked away from her acting like he didn't hear anything. A/N Disclaimer I do not own anything related to Halloweentown. I hope you liked this chapter and my attempt at being funny. Thank you for reading. Sorry, there haven't been any chapters the past two days but you get three today so I hope you enjoy them.[Chapter 18] Summary: Luke goes to visit Marnie on the Halloween between the first movie and the second movie. Part one. \"I don't see why we can go to Halloweentown just for a few hours.\" Marnie protested to her mother for the twelfth time that day. They had only just finished supper and if she could somehow convince her mom to let her go she could hurry and spend a few hours in Halloweentown before the portal closed for another year. However, that was a big if considering that her mother had banned any trips to Halloweentown at the beginning of October. Even grandma Aggie wasn't going to visit Halloweentown and Marnie suspected her mother had something to do with it. \"Marnie your not going to Halloweentown alone and your grandmother and I are too busy to go.\" Her mother explained again. Marnie rolled her eyes. \"Busy doing what stopping your kids doing anything they want to?\" She snapped. Then there was a knock at the door. \"Who's that grandma?\" Sophie asked as their mother went to answer the door. \"Are you expecting anyone?\" Aggie shook her head. Then Aggie smiled jumping up and grabbed Marnie hand. \"Oh, I know who it is.\" She laughed pulling Marnie towards the door. Then she saw Luke standing in the doorway. His hair was less curly and puffier and his nose was starting to get a little pointy but he still looked like Luke. She ran past her mother wrapping her arms around Luke's neck. It was only an awkward three-second hug. \"What are you doing here?\" She asked dropping her arms. Luke rubbed the back of his head staring at his feet. \"Well, you told me you were going to come visit and you hadn't shown up yet so I figured it come make sure you were okay. \" Marnie could her grandmother and Sophie whispering about how sweet Luke was but she chose to ignore him. \"Well you're okay so I'll go home now.\" Luke turned to leave but Marnie grabbed his hand. \"Do you have to go home right now.\" She asked. He shook his head. \"Um my parents knew I was going to the mortal world they aren't expecting me back for a while.\" Marnie smiled. \" Great I can show you all my monster stuff!\" She said pulling Luke by the hand up to her room. A/ N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown and I hope you like this chapter. I thought this one was kind of long so I decided to split it into two smaller stories.[Chapter 19] Summary: Luke goes to visit Marnie on Halloween part two. The door to Marnie bedroom slammed behind them plunging them into complete darkness before she flicked on the light. She dropped his hand. \"Alright well, there are my movies and books.\" She pointed to a shelf in the corner of her room. \"That's all my witch training stuff.\" She said pointing to a box on her desk. Luke looked around her room it seemed pretty ordinary to him but he suspected she had plenty of spells on charms cast on her room to make it less ordinary. Marnie didn't do ordinary. \"So do you want to watch a movie? There are five hours until midnight so as long as we don't watch anything too long you should be back in plenty of time.\" Luke nodded. \"Sure\" This was not what Luke had expected when Marnie had asked him to watch a movie with him. He had expected to go watch the movie in the living room with other people around but instead, she had put the movie on a strange TV in her room. The TV was really strange in Luke's opinion it was really small and had a mouse that wasn't really a mouse attached to it but the movie work so he wasn't going to judge it too much. However, since the strange TV had worked he had been stuck with Marnie alone in her room watching the mummy movie. Well, he wasn't really watching the movie he had really been counting the minutes until the movie was over while pretending to watch the movie. He was alone in with Marnie in her room. He had friends in the eleventh grade well one friend to be precise and he heard things from him. Lots of stories and he didn't really want to be part of any of the stories. About halfway through the movie, his hand bumped against hers and he grabbed intertwining his fingers with hers. Luke really didn't know why he did it. He could feel his heart beating. There were only three minutes left until the movie was over then he could leave. His hand was sweating but Marnie didn't seem to mind. There were only two minutes left. Luke felt like he couldn't breathe. There was only one minute left. He pulled his hand out of Marnie's hand. Then the credits started and he jumped up. \"I should go before it gets too late.\" Luke stuttered he had to get out. Marnie nodded. \"Do you want me to walk you to the bus stop?\" She asked. \"No.\" Luke snapped making a break for the door when he stopped. He was being stupid this was Marnie he didn't have anything to be worried about. \"Actually sure I'd like that.\" Marnie smiled and him and retook his hand in hers. \"Then let's go you seemed like you were in a rush. A/ N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown and I hope that you enjoyed this chapter. Thank you for reading and please leave a review. Also please excuse any mistakes in my story I was kind of rushing to finish the past three stories.[Chapter 20] Summary: Luke and Marnie talk about stuffed animals and toys they had when they were children. Luke and Marnie were finally emptying out some boxes that they had forgotten to unpack when the had moved in together. \"Luke, what is this?\" Marnie asked holding up a shrunken head with a missing eye. He reached out and grabbed the head from her. \"Nothing.\" He said grabbing the head and stuffing it into his pockets. \"So can I throw it out if its nothing?\" She asked. \"No!\" he yelled a little too loudly. Marnie raised an eyebrow at him. Then he calmed himself down slightly. \"What I mean is I'm keeping it for something.\" \"What?\" Marnie asked scooting closer to him. \"Just forget it, it was stupid.\" He mumbled. Marnie scooted closer to Luke and wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned against his shoulder. \"Luke tell me.\" she purred kissing his ear. \"Just don't laugh alright.\" Marnie nodded. \"I won't.\" Luke breathed and Marnie lay down across his lap staring up at him. \"It was my toy when I was younger I took it everywhere. So when I was going through some stuff at my mom's house I decided I would keep it and give it to my kids if I ever had any.\" He stopped speaking and started back down at Marnie waiting for a response but it didn't come. \"I know it's stupid and...\" \"When I was little I had a stuffed wolf.\" Marnie interrupted him. \"But then when I was five I started pretending it was a werewolf that could change into a man. I guess my mom didn't like it because I remember coming home from school one day and she had thrown it out.\" Luke felt something wet hit his leg. He looked down in time to see Marnie wiping her cheeks with the edge of his t-shirt. \"I know its stupid alright but I cried for hours when I found out what she did. Anyway, I'm just I'm glad you have your toy.\" She whimpered holding back to keep from sobbing. Luke ran a hand through her hair. \"It's not stupid,\" he whispered. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. I hope you enjoyed this chapter and Please leave a review.[Chapter 21] Summary: Marnie and Luke discuss who has the more disgusting take out. \"What do you want?\" Luke asked leaning in towards Marnie. Marnie was staring up at the sign on the wall with all the options. None of the options looked remotely familiar to her. In retrospect, it was her fault. When Luke had asked her to go to Swampy's for lunch it never occurred to her that the fast food in Halloweentown would be different than fast food in the mortal world. There were frog burgers, salted mealworms, chocolate covered cockroaches and plenty of other much less appetizing things. \"Do they had chicken nuggets here?\" She whispered to Luke. He was staring at her in disbelief almost like he didn't believe chicken nuggets were a real thing. \"What is a nugget.\" He demanded. Marnie laughed at him. \"It's a...\" Then she stopped. She had no clue what a nugget was. \"I guess it's like various chicken nugget parts mixed together.\" Luke had turned slightly green. \"That is disgusting.\" Marnie rolled her eyes at him. \"More disgusting than salted mealworms?\" \"Mealworms are not that bad.\" Luke defended \"They're better than various chicken bits anyway.\" \"Have you ever even tried chicken bits I mean chicken nuggets?\" Marnie demanded. \"Have you ever tried mealworms?\" Luke countered. \"I'll try them if you try chicken nuggets.\" She bargained. That offer was followed by silence. Marnie looked over at Luke who seemed to be going over all of the possible outcomes in his head. \"Fine but we're taking it back home. If I'm going to try mystery chicken bits I want to feel free to throw up at any moment.\" Then a thought occurred to Marnie. \"Can I have so sweet and sour sauce with my mealworms?\" Luke nodded. \"Of course everyone has sweet and sour sauce with their mealworms.\" A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Also, I hope you like this chapter and please leave a review.[Chapter 22] Summary: Luke and Gary trick Marnie into helping them. Marnie was home alone in the living room when she heard Luke's voice. Well, to be more specific she heard a headphone imitating Luke's voice. \"Marnie are you there?\" Luke asked again. She nodded before remembering that Luke couldn't see her. \"Yeah I'm here,\" she yelled as she dug through her book bag for her headphone. \"Great how are you. Have you seen the third Mysteries of Earl the Grayman movies yet?\" He asked. \"Uhm I'm fine and no I don't think we have them here.\" \"Oh,\" Luke said quietly. \"Do you just not have the movie or do you have movie theatres at all?\" Marnie laughed \"We have movie theatres, Luke.\" \"oh yeah right,\" Luke said and Marnie could almost see Luke nodding his head in her mind. \"So do you want to go out for ice cream this weekend since you don't have any ice cream stores in the mortal world?\" \"We have ice cream stores too Luke,\" Marnie added. She didn't know why but it seemed like Luke was being unusually chatty today. Then she heard Gary's voice but it seemed fainter almost like they were covering the headphone so they wouldn't be heard. \"Dude ask her about question number seven.\" He said. \"Luke what are you doing?\" Marnie demanded. \"What do you mean?\" He asked stuttering slightly. It was so obvious he was hiding something from her. Then something clicked inside Marnie's head. \"You're using me to cheat!\" She shouted accusingly. Luke didn't answer right away almost like he was weighing his options. \"Com on Marnie we have a test in half an hour on the mortal world please help us.\" He had decided to come clean. She rolled her eyes and wished Luke could have seen the glare she was giving him. \"Fine what's the next question.\" \"True or false There are phones in the mortal world that people can walk around with in their pockets called cell phones.\" \"False.\" She answered. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown and I hope you enjoyed this chapter.[Chapter 23] Summary: Everyone wonders if Marnie's daughter will have powers or not. Marnie watched from the kitchen as Luke held their daughter bouncing her up and down in his arms. \"So has she shown any sign of having powers yet?\" Marnie's mother asked. She had to try very hard to stop the eye roll she wanted to make at her mother's comment. Her baby girl was only five weeks old but between her mother and grandma constantly asking about powers she was at the end of her rope. \"No she hasn't shown any sign of powers this week or the week before and she may never have powers. She is half goblin she may never have powers.\" Marnie snapped. Grandma Aggie laughed. \"It's like I've stepped back in time.\" She said. \"I remember when I was asking you about signs of Marnie having powers Gwen dear and you didn't handle it nearly as well as Marnie has.\" \"you have no room to talk grandma, you've been bothering me about her as well.\" Marnie Retorted. \"I'm a grandma dear it's my job.\" She said ruffling her dress as she stood up from her chair. \"So what are you going to do dear if she doesn't have powers.\" Marnie was done she knew her mother was only asking because she didn't want her to have powers and grandma Aggie was only asking because she wanted Marnie's little baby girl to have powers. Shockingly enough Marnie found that she didn't care whether or not her girl had powers. She had always assumed she would care but she just didn't she didn't even think about it. \"I'm going to raise as the part mortal part witch part goblin little girl that she is regardless of whether or not she has powers. Marnie said with a tone that put an end to the discussion at least for the rest of the day. With her final words, she stomped into the living room and handed a bottle to Luke who started to feed the little girl in his arms. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown and thank you for reading this chapter.[Chapter 24] Summary: What happens when Marnie sees her friends after the first movie. \"Hey Marnie here's your candy.\" Cindy said placing the bag on the table. \"Oh thanks.\" Marnie said not looking up from a spell book her grandma Aggie had given her. \"Are you still mad about not being able to go to the party?\" Abigale asked. \" A little.\" She lied. Truthfully, she was very glad she hadn't gone to the party. If she had gone to the party she would have never learned she was a witch, went to Halloweentown, kissed Luke or save all of Halloweentown from a crazy man. Both of her friends were now staring at her. \"I don't get it. All you wanted to do for weeks was go to the party and now you're just fine with not getting to go.\" That morning grandma Aggie had warned about not telling anyone anything about Halloweentown and she had sworn she wouldn't say anything. However, she hadn't expected her friends to be so nosy. She needed a explanation soon that would get them to leave her alone. Then it hit her a great excuse that would get them to leave her alone. \"Well I kissed a boy. My grandma came to visit and she brought a family friend and we kissed.\" Marnie rambled. \"I don't believe you. Your mother never would have let that happen.\" Abigale said \"Yeah.\" Cindy added. \"If it actually did happen what's his name? What does he look like?\" \"Luke. He has orange hair and he's really pale.\" It worked her friends started bombarding her with questions about Luke completely forgetting about the party. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading my story and please leave a review. Please excuse my bad spelling and grammar I was in a rush to post something today.[Chapter 25] Summary: Marnie meets Luke's mom for the first time. Marnie had just been on her way to the ice cream shop to meet her grandma Aggie when woman grabbed her hand. \"Marnie?\" The woman asked. At first, she had thought it was her grandma but then she got a good look at the woman and she look nothing like her grandma. Sure, both women had blonde hair but this woman was taller and had the nose and ear characteristic of a goblin. \"Do I know you?\" Marnie asked. \"I'm Helene.\" She said as though that explained everything but Marnie just started at her confused. \"I'm Luke's mom.\" Realization dawned on Marnie's face. She had heard very little about Luke's mom and the things she had heard had been about how he had to get away from her. So of course, she had assumed his mother would be a bit more unpleasant than this woman. \"I don't blame you for not recognizing me dear. I know Luke tries to hide all of his friends from me. He says I'm too embarrassing for him to be able to bring any friends home. I blame it on this one time I accidentally left out his underwear to dry when his friends came over but when else was I going to hang it up to dry.\" Marnie didn't even try to respond to Luke's mom she was sure she could get a word in even if she tried. So, she just stood there and nodded at regular intervals. \"Well I have to go but it's been nice talking to you.\" Helene said as she started to walk away. Then Luke's mom yelled back to her. \"Don't be afraid to come visit anytime you want. I promise I won't show you his underwear.\" At that moment Marnie understood why Luke didn't want to bring her anywhere near his mother. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading my story and please leave a review. Also, I know I've been really bad at posting a chapter everyday but it is still my goal to have 31 chapters posted her by the end of October.[Chapter 26] Summary: Luke has a conversation with his daughter. Luke watched his daughter sitting alone in grandma Gwen's kitchen. That was very odd behaviour for his little girl normally she was the one running around playing with her cousins. \"Is something wrong Cora?\" He asked and she shook her head. He knew something was really wrong if she was lying to him. \"Are you sure there's nothing wrong?\" He asked again. Cora spared a glance to her two cousins playing in the living room. \"I'm not like them.\" She mumbled. \"Of course your not they're siblings they're going to look alike,\" Luke said hoping he wasn't already having this conversation with his nine-year-old daughter. Cora shook her head again. \"I mean they look like mortals and grandma Gwen likes them better because they look normal. She doesn't like me because I look like a goblin.\" Luke stomach dropped and he started to panic. He needs Marnie here Marnie was good at this type of stuff, not him. he never knew what to say and then he always ended up saying the wrong thing. \"I wish I looked like a mortal.\" She said. Why did she have to be so much like me? Why couldn't she be more like Marnie? Marnie never doubted herself she always knew exactly who she was and she never doubted herself. His mind was racing now as he tried to think of something to tell her. What had Marnie told him when he felt like this. He was pretty sure she had called him a stinky cheese and he didn't think that would work well on his daughter. Then it hit him the perfect thing to say. \"Alright I want you to listen to what I'm about to say because no one knows what you are going through more than I do. I know it seems like if you looked different you would suddenly fit in and everyone would like you but they wouldn't. The only way to get people to like you is to be happy with yourself and even then not everyone will like you but I promise you your friends and family will.\" His daughter was just staring at him now with her big blue eyes. No Luke thought. that was awful. It was the worse possible thing he could have possibly said. He should have just went and got Marnie she always knew the right thing to say. He was absolutely no good at being a dad. Then Cora moved toward him without saying anything. Then suddenly she wrapped her arms around his stomach. He returned her hug patting her back. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown and thank you for reading this chapter.[Chapter 27] Summary: Luke cheats on Gary with Marnie. \"What's that?\" Marnie asked pointing to a jar on the table in between her boyfriend and Gary. \"That's Bartholomew Horace Xavier Marcus Abigale the first. It's our baby.\" Gary answered. Prince laughed. \"Its a project for school. We have to take care of the spider until the end of the week.\" Luke clarified. Marnie had so many questions going through her head at once. Why did the spider have so many names? Why was it a spider and not a baby doll? Was the spider actually going to make it to the end of the week with Luke and Gary as its parents? However, she didn't get the chance to ask any of the questions before Prince did. \"So does that mean you two are now married?\" He asked. \"Yes,\" Gary said \"No,\" Luke said at the same time. Gary quickly covered the top of the draw with his hands. \"How could you say you don't love me anymore? and in front of our child no less!\" \"We aren't really married.\" Luke protested. \"Are you cheating on me?\" Gary demanded. Luke rolled his eyes at him. \"You are you're cheating on me with Marnie aren't you.\" Gary Accused faking a hurt expression on his face. \"Fine,\" Luke said jumping up from his chair at the restaurant. \"Yes I'm cheating on you with her and I hope our child knows all about how I betrayed you.\" He shouted leaning down and pressing his lips against Marnie's in front of the entire ice cream shop. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. I hope you enjoyed this chapter and Please leave a review.[Chapter 28] Summary: Marnie refuses to admit she lost something. \"Where is it?\" Marnie demanded flipping over the pillows on the couch. Marnie had spent the past half an hour looking for her broom that she had shrunk down to travel size the night before. \" I know I laid it down on the couch last night where could It possibly be.\" She snapped. Luke walked out from the bedroom where he had been checking for the broom in case it had somehow gotten lost in there. \"Marnie it's probably Los...\" her hand slammed over Luke's mouth before he could finish. \"Don't say the word.\" Marnie hissed. \"If you say the word than my broomstick will realize that it is the L word and then it will end up at Gort's house and then I will never see it again. Then I will make you go get it back for me.\" She threatened. \"That's not how it works,\" Luke argued sitting down on the floor giving up their search. Meanwhile on the other side of Halloweentown Gort was examining his brand new broomstick before adding it to his junk pile. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading this chapter and I hope you enjoyed it[Chapter 29] Summary: Everyone in Halloweentown is afraid of knights part one. Marnie started awake as she heard her the door to her bedroom open then slam shut. She sat up in her bed rubbing the sleep out of her eyes and saw Luke standing in her doorway. \"Can I sleep in here with you?\" He asked. Luke was pale and shaking. \"Why Luke? Are you afraid there are monsters under your bed?\" Marnie asked. Luke rolled his eyes at her. \"Monsters are not scary. Knights, on the other hand, those things are terrifying.\" Marnie suddenly realized what was going on. \"Is this because we watched that medieval movie last night because I promise you it's not real. \" \"Please, I'm a twenty-one-year-old goblin I know the difference between TV and reality,\" Luke said indignantly. \"Then you don't want to sleep here?\" Marnie countered. \"No, I do,\" Luke said moving toward her bed. \"Your room is farther away from the front door so we have more time to escape if the Knights come to kill us.\" A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading this chapter and I hope you enjoyed it.[Chapter 30] Summary: Everyone in Halloweentown is afraid of knights part two. After almost seven years of being married to Luke and being a mom for five years, Marnie was no stranger to being woken up in the middle of the night by someone. So when she was woken up by something jumping on top of her leg she wasn't surprised to find Cora sitting at the bottom of her bed staring at her. \"What's wrong Cora?\" Marnie yawned. \"There's knight under bed.\" Marnie hadn't believed Luke when he had first told her about how nearly all children in Halloweentown were afraid of knights. She had even mocked him for having been one of those children and now she was paying for it. \"There are not any knights in this house they are all dead,\" Marnie assured her daughter. Cora was definitely her father's daughter in every way shape and form. Cora shook her head. \"Benny's dead too and he was in our house yesterday.\" She slid down into the sheets. \"I need to sleep in your bed so daddy can protect me.\" She added. That thought was almost laughable. Luke was more afraid of knights than his daughter was. \"Fine,\" Marnie grumbled lying back down in her bed. She was in no mood to argue with her daughter in the middle of the knight. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading this chapter and I hope you enjoyed it.[Chapter 31] Summary: Luke still has a fear of flying. \"Luke come on were going to be late.\" Marnie snapped from her broom. They were supposed to have been at Prince's house for his son's birthday party almost thirty minutes ago. Luke shook his head. \"No way. Forget it I rode you broom once to help you save Halloweentown I'm not doing it again just to get to a birthday party.\" Marnie rolled his eyes at him then took her spell book out of her pocket. Luke took a few steps away from Marnie as she started flipping through her book. Then she found what she was looking for. \"Last chance to change your mind.\" Marnie offered. \"Marnie there is no way in all of Halloweentown you could force me to get on that broom.\" \"Okay,\" Marnie said as she started to recite a spell out of her book. Then before Luke could even realize what was going on he felt himself begin to shrink before he was no bigger than the flower he had been standing next to. \"Don't worry I'll change you back when we get to Prince's house,\" Marnie whispered as she scooped him up and shoved him into her pocket. A/N Disclaimer I own nothing related to Halloweentown. Thank you for reading my story and I hope you enjoyed it. Happy Halloween![Chapter 32] Summary: Luke and Marnie planning their wedding. Luke was sitting on the couch at his parents' house while Marnie rested her head on his lap. Luke tossed a pile of papers he had just finished reading onto the floor. Wedding planning was exhausting, they had been reading papers and making lists all afternoon but it still felt like they hadn't even made a dent in the work they needed to do. \"What are we having for supper?\" Marnie asked reaching up and running her hand down Luke's ear. He perked up suddenly at Marnie's question. Were they actually finishing for the night already? \"I was just about to go to Swampy's and pick up a frog burger.\" He said shaking Marnie off of him as he stood up from the couch. \"Do you want anything?\" He asked looking around the living room for his wallet. \"I meant at the wedding Luke!\" \"Argghhh!\" Luke screamed snatching his wallet from under a pile of papers. He couldn't deal with anymore wedding stuff. He grabbed the door handle shaking it uselessly to get out the door but it was already locked. He kicked the door angrily just to be sure that it was really locked. \"Stupid witches and their stupid magical door locking spells.\" He mumbled more to himself than Marnie. Marnie walked up behind him slowly as if she was afraid he would jump out the window if she moved too fast. Luke was considering it, they were on the first floor and nothing could be worse than more planning. \"Come on Luke. Just finish this and then we can have supper.\" Marnie coaxed holding a sheet of paper in her hand. The sheet looked like a bunch of options for food. \"Marnie its almost 9. I'm starving. Is what people are going to have for supper in four months from now really more important than what we are going to have for supper tonight?\" \"Yes.\" Marnie yelled. \"No.\" Luke yelled back. \"Now unlock the door.\" Marnie scowled at him but the door swung open on its own a second later. \"Fine.\" She mumbled. \"But don't complain when your family gets sick from having Hamburgers at our wedding.\" It was a feeble threat at best and they both knew she wouldn't actually go through with it. \"On behalf of my entire family we look forward to it.\" He replied already out the door. \"And I want chicken bits not a frog burger!\" She yelled down the path leading to his parent's house. \"I know.\" Luke yelled back. \"I wouldn't be a very good future husband if I didn't even know what food you like.\" Disclaimer I do not own Halloweentown. A/N – So I won't post a chapter every day like I did last year but I do have a few new chapters I'm going to post this year. I'm also going to fix some mistakes in my stories from last year. I hope you all like this chapter and please leave a review.[Chapter 33] Summary: Marnie wants Luke to get his hair cut. \"Forget it I'm not doing it Marnie.\" Luke said picking up the pace as he walked down the street away from the hair dresser. \"Come on Luke it's down past your shoulders this is getting ridiculous.\" \"It is not this is how all goblins wear their hair.\" Luke tried. The look on Marnie's face said she clearly wasn't buying it. \"Luke I've met your family; Paul's hair is shorter than Dylan's!\" \"That doesn't mean much Paul takes showers in his underwear there's no method behind the things he does. \"Luke that…\" Then she stopped as if losing her train of thought. \"Wait does he really?\" Luke nodded. \"That's not the point Luke. The point is you are getting your hair cut so that I can finally wake up in the morning without my hair in you mouth.\" Suddenly Luke stopped and Marnie stumbled a few steps as she tried to stop as well. \"What's wrong Luke?\" Marnie asked not sure why they had stopped. \"Fine. I'll get my hair cut if you finally go to the dentist. Its been over a year since you've last went.\" Marnie looked Luke up and down as if considering his offer. \"You'll get you hair cut up to your shoulders?\" She asked. He nodded. \"Fine I'll set up an appointment when we get home.\" \"No need.\" Luke smirked gesturing to the building he had stopped outside of. \"I already set up your appointment it's in ten minutes.\" Marnie scowled at Luke sneaking glances towards the dentist office whenever she thought he wouldn't notice. \"You tricked me.\" She accused. He didn't even try to deny it. Disclaimer: I do not own Halloweentown. ","Summary":" Summary: Gwen and Aggie Talk about the fact that Luke and Marnie are getting married. A goblin. Why"}]