[{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"creciendo juntos","Author":"LaGata123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12729905","Passage":"[Chapter 1] KuboxMari Ya había pasado tiempo desde que se terminó la guerra contra el abuelo de kubo y sus Hermanas, donde kubo y su abuelo fueron aceptados por los aldeanos y ayudaron a Reconstruir los aldeanos. Los aldeanos le ofrecieron construir una casa para kubo y su abuelo para que estén cerca del pueblo, al inicio se negaron diciendo que eran demasiadas molestias pero al final aceptaron su oferta. Y terminaron viviendo en la aldea donde kubo seguía contando sus historias pero ahora tenían un final. Paso el tiempo y kubo cada día crecía, al inicio estaba asustado cuando vio que sus hombros se hacían más grandes y que empezó a salirle pelo en lugares extraños . -¡Abuelo!-dijo kubo entrado al pequeño cuarto de su abuelo. -Kubo ¿Qué pasa? Te vez algo agitado-dijo el abuelo mirando con preocupación a su sobrino como este tenía la cara enrojecida y con una mirada de miedo y preocupación. -Abuelo…creo que he sido hechizado, necesito tu ayuda-dijo mirando fijamente a su abuelo. -¿Por qué kubo?-dijo preocupado su abuelo corriendo hacia a él, mirando su ojo pensando quien podría hacerle algo a su adorado nieto, eran queridos en su pueblo pero siempre existiría alguien que no los aceptaran por su culpa y pensar que alguien los lastimara por su culpa lo hacía sentir muy culpable. -Estaba dormido y cuando desperté algo estaba parado que nunca se había parado y tiene pelo, abuelo tengo miedo ¿Qué me pasa?-dijo con los ojos algo llorosos kubo mirando con esperanza a su abuelo, su abuelo lo miro sorprendido para después empezar a reír. -Abuelo ¿Por qué te ríe?, esto es serio- -Perdón kubo pero es muy gracioso ver tu cara tan asustado por eso perdona-dijo el abuelo con unas lágrimas en sus ojos. -Abuelo deja de reírte y ayúdame- -Está bien, creo que es hora de hablar y darte la charla- dijo su abuelo llevando a su nieto adentro de su habitación para explicarle sobre la pubertad y todas sus consecuencias. … Después de esa platica Kubo quedo algo asqueado de cómo debería solucionar sus problemas mañaneros pero según su abuelo significaba que era señal que era un niño sano. Pero una duda que tenía era que si el tenia esos problemas gracias a la llamada pubertad y era hombre… también las mujeres ¿tendrían esos problemas?, la duda no lo dejaba estar tranquilo y deseaba preguntar a alguien pero su lista de personas para preguntar es muy corta. No podía preguntarle a su abuelo por miedo a que lo volviera a traumar o que se volviera a reír de él, aunque podría preguntarle a una mujer y una buena opción podría ser Kameyo y con esa idea fue a preguntarle. … ","Summary":" KuboxMari Ya había pasado tiempo desde que se terminó la guerra contra el abuelo de kubo y sus Herm"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"The Second Journey","Author":"Benevolence Black","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12965152","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ten years after the events involving Kubo's family, his now mortal grandfather passes away. Having still held onto the legendary sword, armor, and helmet through circumstance, Kubo decides to place two-thirds of the treasure back where he found them, and discover a new place to hide the helmet. But he needs new companions for the journey, especially since he has more family members than he was previously aware of. AN: Short note. There are Japanese words spliced in throughout the story out of necessity. Most is basic vocabulary. I won't be leaving translations, it is up to the reader to research the meanings on their own time if they so choose. Enjoy. Ten years ago, a little village in Japan was destroyed— left burnt and crumbling as if something massive had taken bites out of it. Humans are stubborn little things however. Like cockroaches the thirty or so villagers had plucked themselves from the rubble and rebuilt the structures they called home. In one such structure, a particularly tenacious human sat on his knees, at an old man's deathbed. He held a wrinkled hand in his as he gave a sad yet steady smile. \"Kubo...\" the old man croaked out, returning the smile with one of his own— something passed down in the family, it would seem, \"thank you... I'm glad... that I got... to live my life... with you as my grandson...\" \"And I'm glad that I have you, Grandfather,\" the boy— nay, the young man— replied. His elder's smile strengthened, and the light in his left eye flickered before it faded forever, the right remaining the same glassy milk white. The grip on Kubo's hand was slack, and the young man felt himself slipping into that familiar daze of grief. Another family member— and the last— gone. This time, he knew it was coming. His grandfather was mortal, after all. And age often brings a slow death. As slow as death could get, at least. Still, it left Kubo unable to move for the longest time. It was over. Even after that fearsome battle, he had still chosen this path. The path of forgiveness. Kubo thought that it might have been a decision most wouldn't make. Living and caring for the person who had taken his eye, had tried to take the other, and most of all— killed his parents. But he had done it, with the help of the community. Willingly and eagerly as well. He had even enjoyed it, passing the days with his grandfather had helped fill the hole left by his parents' murder. At times it had been like caring for his mother. His mother. The woman who had fought tooth and nail to protect him to the very end and beyond. And his father— Kubo remained still, silencing his thoughts. All was well. He had his memories of his family. All of it, right down to his aunts. If only he had had the chance to know their humanity the way he had known his grandfather's. Finally, he leaned forward and closed the old man's eyes. Next he got to his feet and covered the small family shrine with a white cloth. The split monkey statue and his father's broken bow served as relics of his parents there. Something of his grandfather's would have to be added later. After the shrine was covered as per tradition, Kubo prepared himself to go outside. The villagers were waiting. They knew the kind old man's time was up, and had come to pay their respects. Those that had continued on with their day were basically right outside the door anyway. Kubo had a sneaking suspicion that the old beggar woman— ever the epitome of youthful vigor— had stationed herself in front of their home. The young man padded his bare feet out of the room and down the hall. He put on his sandals and slid open his front door, and sure enough the beggar woman was there. \"Kubo!\" She exclaimed. \"How's your grandfather do... ing..\" but she trailed off when she took full notice of his somber expression. \"Oh...\" \"His passing was peaceful, obaa-san ,\" Kubo reassured as she slumped back down onto her legs. \"Could you do me a favor?\" \"Why, of course...! Anything you need.\" \"Spread the word for me... I need to begin the funeral preparations.\" \"Alright... leave it to me. And Kubo?\" \"Yes?\" \"Take care of yourself, okay?\" He paused, then gave her one of those smiles passed down the generations of his mother's family. \"I will.\" The days of mourning were long, but not as painful as they could have been. The villagers supported Kubo through the difficult times. Finally, it was over, and Kubo was alone in the humble house he had lived in with his idle minded grandfather for the past ten years. He contemplated going up to the cliff-side cave he had called home. He contemplated a lot of things actually. It was a strange thing to be so left alone with his thoughts. Eventually he decided that he'd rather clean the house a bit. He could go visit the cave later. And so he dusted, swept, washed, wrung, hanged, beat, scrubbed, and mopped the day away. He tidied his grandfather's belongings and put them in order. He didn't have the heart to pack them away somewhere just yet. A torn sleeve from the first humble kimono he had seen on his grandfather was chosen to be placed in the family shrine. Before he knew it, the sun had gone down and he had nothing else to do. Thus he walked. Out of the empty and pristine house, up the steep Cliffside pass, and into the dank cave. He knew not what brought him here exactly. Over the past ten years he had made the trek up every week to reminisce and to check on... oh. Baffled at his own foggy mind, Kubo realized that it was time to check on his family \"heirlooms.\" He walked over to the square hole in the stone wall and peered inside. Something glinted. He reached in, grabbed hold, and gingerly slid the shiny object out. The Sword Unbreakable. Permanently polished blade, golden handle— a hit against the floor to test that it was not a duplicate— it remained safe and sound, hidden as it was. Kubo laid it down where he had once lain his mother to bed every night, then pulled back the worn and faded fabric of the abandoned bed. Hidden underneath was a meticulously cut and carved compartment with a \"lid\" designed to hide the fact there was anything but solid rock under the futon. The twenty-two year old man lifted the lid next. Tucked inside the hidden storage space was the other two pieces of the legendary set: the Breastplate Impenetrable and the Helmet Invulnerable. He could have kept them close, shoved in the back of a closet. What would have been even better was if he had gone on another journey to discard them back where he had found them. He couldn't have gone off on an adventure, especially alone, because his last living relative needed him. He hadn't even been willing to go on another quest, not after his last one. Preparations had quickly been made for their house, and with the terrible memory of what had happened to the village the last time something of value was spotted inside, the result was he did not feel keeping the holy trinity so close to his chest was a wise move. That left the cave. Kubo marveled at how he usually either made his decisions on the fly, or through the process of elimination, but he didn't dwell on it too much. It was lucky they had not been stolen yet. No, it was a miracle. Sometimes Kubo felt paranoid about how flimsy his hiding job was. The fact that the artifacts hadn't been swiped was most likely due to how insignificant and secluded the village was. Few travelers made their way through the town, least of all eccentrics on the hunt for legends. With his father's disappearance and later passing, Kubo was fairly sure that his heirlooms were barely that now— a legend. What was he to do with these now? He had no deadly extended family he needed protection from, no desire to become a warrior everyone would be after, and he certainly wasn't a hoarder. To keep such treasures and never use them was a waste, but to actually use them was \"asking for trouble,\" as Monkey— no, Mother— would say. All that was left was to discard them somewhere. It was this thought process that led to Kubo to filling up his traveling pack the very next morning. Luck ran out eventually, after all. The treasures might have remained secure in the village for this long, and the helmet itself even longer, but who was to say that it would not be found in one fell swoop someday? What if a rumor went around the entire land that they were somewhere in the defenseless town? So off Kubo would go with the plan to remain inconspicuous on his travels. He had no companions for this journey to bail him out, and frankly his trust in others had diminished since he was a child. That didn't stop his kind neighbors from volunteering as he was making his rounds to say goodbye and leave with some form of explanation. \"Why don't you let me come with you? I have the strength of a thousand men!\" Exaggerated the village taiko drummer. Kubo laughed politely, and held up his hand in order to pacify the eager man. \"No, it's fine, ojii-san . You have a wife who will miss you,\" he reminded. \"Then let me come!\" A village girl roughly eight years his junior piped up. \"I can help get you free food!\" \"You're reaching the age to marry, I doubt your parents would be happy with you if you went traveling with me,\" Kubo gently admonished, a bit of sweat gathering on his forehead. \"Well, I might not be able to travel with you,\" the old beggar woman said with a small smile, \"but at least don't leave without something to eat.\" \"It's okay, obaa-san . I packed plenty,\" Kubo reassured, patting her shoulder. \"Are you sure you don't want to take anyone with you?\" The old puppeteer fretted. \"I'm sure. It's better this way,\" the soon-to-be traveler insisted. \"Why are you leaving, anyway?\" One of the village women questioned. \" It's not because of your grandfather's passing, is it?\" \"No,\" Kubo responded, \"I have something I need to do. It'll be a long journey, but I promise to come back as soon as I can. Could you tell anyone who comes here looking for me that?\" As he passed person after person, he felt his heart swell and grow warm. Tears and smiles were all he saw while he made his way to the shinto shrine gates. Well-wishes and fond farewells followed him and echoed in his ears. He did his best to ingrain it all into his memory. He felt that if he should ever lose his way, knowing he had such a place to protect and go back to would set him back on track. Often times an adult needs to re-learn lessons. Even ones so important one would think they would never forget. He blew each of his handmade lanterns open, and set them on the boulder he used every festival and every prayer. He knelt down, holding a third lantern on his lap. The young man pondered for just a second before he placed the new lantern before the first two. Then he pressed his hands together and closed his one eye. \"Mother, Father... Grandfather. I hope you're all getting along. Please, don't be fighting...\" He paused, peeking to see if the lanterns had all lit up yet. No, more than that was needed apparently. \"I don't think you three would fight, I just don't know how this... afterlife and reincarnation thing really works... A-anyway, that's not why I'm calling to you right now. Father, I... I want to put the sword, helmet, and breastplate back. Or at least scatter them again. I know you worked— we worked so hard to get them. And I could use them. I could, but I just... don't want to. What were you even looking for them for, anyway? What made you seek them out? Who owned them before us? Why were they hidden in the first place? By who? Why was the village chosen to hide the helmet...?\" Ah, there was one lit up. He didn't talk to his parents one by one usually, but Kubo found it hard to pray to all three at once. He cleared his throat. \"Don't worry Mother, I'll be careful. I'm not a child anymore, and I've learned control. Or at least as much as I can control myself. Which is a lot! I just... I don't exactly have a clear example of what I can and can't do... I am taking my shamisen though, just in case. I don't want to use the sword too much, but I know not to go crazy with the magic. Maybe I should find a regular katana ...\" Two down, one more to go. Kubo was honestly nervous about his grandfather. He had so many questions, and he was unsure about basically everything. But there was only one way to be sure. \"Hello, Grandfather... are you happy? Are you... there? Safe? Do you... remember more now? Are you human... or god? Are my aunts there? have you been able to talk to Mother and Father? Really talk, and listen to them?\" Kubo sighed, no response yet. \"I honestly hope you're human still... everyone misses you, you know. I do too. Honestly, I don't really know what to do without you... there's still... a haze over my mind, although it's clearing bit by bit. With Mother and Father, there wasn't any time to feel their loss... but now, I have all the time in the world. I... I wonder when I'll join you? It might even be soon. What I'm setting off to do is going to be dangerous after all. There are high risks.\" Kubo looked up for the fifth time, and he was blessed with three smiling but worried faces. His grandfather wasn't wearing the high-born robes he had been clad in as the Moon King, and that brought a rush of relief to Kubo. He returned their smiles, and he felt tears burn his eye. \"But I'm not going on this journey to join you. The village will be waiting for me to return, after all. I don't want to make them sad, and I'll miss my home too much. I hope—\" he felt himself choke up, so he gulped down the pain in his chest, \"I hope I can make you proud.\" He bowed to the spirits of his family and wiped his eye. \"I've said the last of my farewells... it's time to send you off.\" With a grin Kubo balanced the lanterns on his hands, and carried them together to the river where he set them adrift. He watched as the golden herons flew down the river, taking his family with them. He tried not to feel too alone when he felt the hands on his shoulders lift off. Kubo, the son of a goddess who learned of humanity and a human warrior, shook off his tears, and turned away from the water's shore, ready to begin his second quest. \"Let's go then.\" AN: A warm welcome to new readers, and a grateful \"welcome back\" to the returnees. I want to give a short reassurance that my ongoing story, \"Lightning,\" is not abandoned. At the time this chapter was written, a family friend passed away suddenly. I make note of this because the death had an odd impact on me. I had been struggling to write for over two years before this, yet this chapter was written over the course of three days. The night of the family friend — let's call him \"G\"— I had just finished watching Kubo and the Two Strings. My parents had gone to the hospital to visit him since they had received news from his wife that he had gone into cardiac arrest. I had remained at home. I felt like writing a bit after the movie, so I had dug out one of my collection of journals, but was interrupted by a call. It was my mother telling me that they were headed home, and that G had passed away at the hospital. (I apologize for my repetitive wording, but any other phrase besides \"passing\" seems too crude at the moment.) I'm not the religious sort at all, but I am agnostic and raised Protestant. So after I had finished preparing a few things for my parents' return, I was driven to pray. The prayer itself is inconsequential. After I was finished, I was struck by the idea for this fanfiction. And in the past few days as I write this note, I have written more freely than I have since 2012. This author's not is long, but I wanted to immortalize this time in my life. I don't know what the future holds for me, just like Kubo. But there are few things in this world that I love more than writing, even after all this time that I've struggled with it. I sincerely hope that this marks a hurdle jumped for me. With that wish, I close this chapter. Wish me luck, and may anyone who reads this look to their own journey with the same hope and optimism that Kubo now faces his with. Signed, Benevolence Black ","Summary":" Ten years after the events involving Kubo's family, his now mortal grandfather passes away. Having "},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"El Momento","Author":"Writer65","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12577192","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Era el momento. El que había estado esperando por tantos meses por fin había llegado, estaba en su habitación junto con su esposa y el doctor; ella descansaba en el suelo, con las rodillas dobladas y la espalda erguida, él estaba a su lado sujetando su mano, que cada vez apretaba con más fuerza. -¡No sé…cuánto tiempo más… pueda… hacer esto! Su frente estaba bañada en sudor, apretaba los dientes y gritaba a cada momento, las sabanas estaban teñidas en rojo y sus cejas se arqueaban en una expresión de dolor y sufrimiento. -Tranquila, estoy a tu lado-dijo mientras la veía a los ojos, ella le devolvió la mirada. La calidez y el amor que se reflejaban en sus ojos la hizo recordar porque hacía eso, ninguna maravilla en el vasto universo se compararía jamás a esa mirada. Iba a responder cuándo el dolor regreso una vez más. -¡Sariatu! -¡Ahí viene! -¡Ya puedo verle la cabeza!-dijo el doctor, tenía los brazos abiertos, listo para recibir al bebé. El amor era una cosa que jamás había experimentado, al igual que el dolor que sentía en esos momentos, literalmente jamás había sentido nada parecido, si el amor de Hanzo era lo más bello que hubiera visto en ese mundo, eso era lo más horroroso que hubiera experimentado. \" Supongo que esto es lo que significa\" pensó \"Esto es lo que significa ser humano\" Dolor, de donde ella venía eso no existía, todo era perfecto tal y como debía ser, si jamás hubiera escapado en esos momentos estaría con su padre y sus hermanas, feliz. ¿Feliz? Eso no era vida, puede que no existiese el dolor…pero tampoco el amor. Si no hubiera escapado jamás hubiera encontrado a Hanzo, y jamás hubiera tenido un hijo, un hijo al que iba amar sin importar que, un hijo por el cual estaba dispuesta a atravesar ese dolor, porque eso era lo que importaba. No le importaba nada más, su padre y sus hermanas jamás entenderían pero a ella le tenía sin cuidado, ahora sabía quién era su verdadera familia; y no le importaba lo que tuviera que atravesar para asegurarse de que estuvieran a salvo. Mientras tanto, Hanzo estaba sumido en sus propios pensamientos. Por fin era el momento de recibir a su hijo, pero también ese era el momento en el que se daba cuenta de la situación, su esposa era la hija del Rey Luna, su más odiado enemigo, y estaba a punto de dar a luz a su hijo, quién sería el nieto del Rey Luna. Ahora, incluso si matará al rey sus vidas estarían siempre unidas debido a ese niño, y gracias a él el legado del Rey jamás terminaría, lo quisiera o no una parte de su hijo siempre tendría al Rey en su interior, el niño no sería humano por completo ¿Qué le decía que su hijo no terminaría siendo igual a su abuelo? Por primera vez estaba viendo las cosas como eran, por primera vez cuestionaba sus acciones, ¿estaba haciendo lo correcto? El rey y las hermanas no descansarían hasta que dieran con ellos, y cuándo lo hiciera su ira no tendría piedad y caería su ira sobre ellos, ni siquiera sabía si él, Hanzo el gran samurái, sería capaz de afrontar semejante desafío. Su mente corría al cien cuando lo escucho, los primeros llantos del bebé. -¡Es un varón!-grito el doctor. Hanzo aparto la vista de su esposa, la mano de Sariatu ya había dejado de apretarlo, había respirado por la boca y había recostado su cabeza contra la almohada, respiraba tranquilamente, feliz de que por fin hubiera terminado, pero estaba aún más feliz porque por fin, su hijo había llegado. Hanzo miró por encima de su hombro para ver al doctor que ahora cargaba al recién nacido en sus brazos, en una manta roja. -Anda, ve con él-le dijo su esposa. Hanzo dejo la mano de Sariatu, con mucho cuidado, en el suelo y se acercó al doctor, quién le entregó al niño que seguía chillando, entonces por primera vez Hanzo pudo ver su rostro, y todas sus dudas se disiparon. -Mi hijo-fue lo único que pudo decir. No importaba, no importaba que fuera el nieto del Rey Luna, ni que no fuera humano por completo, no importaba nada porque él era su hijo, e iba a amarlo y protegerlo por siempre; el bebé seguía llorando, Hanzo le acaricio la mejilla con sus dedos, muy gentilmente. -No llores mi pequeño guerrero, estoy aquí. Lo meció suavemente entre sus brazos, el bebé lentamente dejo de llorar y empezó a calmarse; Hanzo se dio la vuelta para ver a su esposa, se arrodillo junto a ella y le mostró a su hijo, los ojos de Sariatu se iluminaron y una sonrisa se dibujó en sus labios. Hanzo se acomodó al lado de ella y le mostró a su hijo, ella sonrió y le acarició la mejilla luego vio a su esposo; jamás se arrepentiría de sus decisiones, ya que eso era vivir, podía ser doloroso pero al final de ese dolor siempre habría una luz que haría que todo valiera la pena. -Nuestro hijo-dijo Hanzo. Y así empezó, porque sin importar lo que pasara esa familia estaría siempre unida, su amor sería tan poderoso que atravesaría incluso las barreras de la muerte, ya que no existía fuerza más poderosa en el universo. -Nuestro Kubo. Desde que vi el primer teaser de la película supe que sería una obra de arte, y vaya que no me decepciono. Desde que la vi por primera vez en cines quise escribir un fanfic de Kubo, pero no podía encontrar una buena historia (raro, porque creo que el mundo de Kubo aún tiene mucho por explorar, lástima que no habrá secuela) El tiempo paso hasta que recientemente volví a ver la película, me puse a buscar un montón de fanart y de fanfics, y tal fue mi asombro al descubrir que solo existía un fic en español (Muy bueno, deberían leerlo) así que me dije que tenía que hacer algo. La verdad no me gustó mucho como quedo, pero bueno, hice lo mejor que pude, espero que lo hayan disfrutado y si todo sale bien espero subir más one-shots de esta asombrosa cinta. Me despido, hasta la próxima. ","Summary":" Era el momento. El que había estado esperando por tantos meses por fin había llegado, estaba en su "},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"The Moment","Author":"Writer65","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12588696","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, I got a request asking if I could post an english version of my fic in spanish, of the same name, so here it is, excuse all the gramatic mistakes and enjoy: It was the moment. The one Hanzo had been waiting for so many months had finally arrived, he was on his room alongside his wife Sariatu and the doctor; she was laying down on the floor over a white blanket, folding both of her knees and with her back straight. Hanzo was beside her, holding her hand that was tighten stronger and stronger every time. \"I… don´t know… how much longer… can I… keep doing this!\" Her forehead was covered in sweat, she tight her teeth and screamed in every moment, the blanket was covered in red as well as Sariatu´s clothes, her eyebrows arched in an expression of pain and suffer. \"Don´t worry, I´m right by your side\" Hanzo placed one hand on her cheek, looking at her straight to the eyes. Sariatu smiled, even if she had saw the wonders of the Universe, nothing will ever compare to the warm and love that look gave her. She was about to respond when she felt it again. \"Sariatu!\" \"Is coming!\" \"I can see the head!\" said the doctor, who had both of his arms open ready to receive the baby. Love was a thing she had never experimented before, neither that pain, literally, if Hanzo´s love was the most beautiful thing she had feel, that pain must be the worst. \" So… I guess this is it\" she thought \"This is what it means to be a human\" Pain, from where she came from that didn´t exist, everything was perfect just the way it was mean to be, no suffering, no sickness, no hunger, no shame, nothing. If she hadn't run away with Hanzo she wouldn´t be feeling that horrible pain, she would be with her father and sisters, been happy. Happy? Yes, on the realm of her father didn´t exist suffer, but neither did love. If she hadn´t run away, she wouldn´t have found love, and kindness of the humans, Sariatu couldn't understand why her father was always criticizing the humans so much, because ever she had got there everyone had been so kind with her, and even more once she got pregnant. And most important of all, she wouldn´t have a son, a son for she was willing to pass all that suffer, a son she was going to love no matter what. Her father and sisters will never understand that, but she couldn´t care less, now she knew who her real family was, and she was going to protect them forever. Meanwhile Hanzo had thoughts of his own, finally the time had come to receive his child, but it was also the moment when he really saw the whole picture, his wife was the daughter of Raiden the Moon King, his most hated enemy, and she was about to give birth to his grandson. Now, even if he succeeded on his quest to kill the King, their lives will be always tided because of that child, the legacy of Raiden will continue thanks to that kid, even if he didn´t wanted, his son will always have a part of his grandfather within, the child will never be fully human. How did he know the child wouldn´t end been just like his grandfather? Evil, wicked, blind to humanity. Thoughts came and went on his head when the first cries of the baby were heard and the doctor finally said loudly: \"It´s a boy!\" Hanzo looked over his shoulder. \"Go with him\" said Sariatu, very quietly, happy because the pain had passed, but most importantly, because her son was finally there. Their hands separate, Hanzo went with the doctor, who was holding the new born on his hands, the baby was covered on a red blanket. He deliver the child to his father and Hanzo finally got a good look at his son. And then it was when all his doubts faded away. \"My son\" were the only words he was able to say. It didn´t matter, it didn´t matter he was the grandson of the Moon King, or that he wasn´t fully human, it didn´t matter because he was his son, and he was going to love him and protect him forever. The baby was still crying, Hanzo placed a hand on his cheek very gently. \"Don´t cry my little warrior, I´m here\" He rocked the baby on his arms and slowly the cries stop, Hanzo turn his body to see Sariatu, he walked to her and hand over his son to her. Sariatu's eyes widely open and smiled when she saw the baby, with both of her arms she took her son, then she looked at Hanzo, she would never regret her decisions, for living could be painful, but it was worth it at the end. \"Our son\" said Hanzo. \"Our Kubo\" ","Summary":" So, I got a request asking if I could post an english version of my fic in spanish, of the same nam"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Four Words","Author":"Alicy-sunberg","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12326481","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my take on the meeting of Kubo's parents! I found the scene of the telling of this meeting in the movie really beautiful, but I wanted to picture more precisely how it came to those four words we are so fond of. I hope I did the characters justice. Please excuse my mistakes if there is any in the text, English is not my mother tongue, and I have no beta reader to proof read it. ^^\" Enjoy this story nonetheless. I hope it is to your liking! Cover picture is a courtesy from Fairy-In-Wonderland (find her tumblr here! ) Laika studios own the characters of the movie Kubo and the Two Strings. oOo Hanzo arrived at the Temple of Bones. A dreadful place, really. It seemed that the Unbreakable Sword would be resting here. Well...\"should\" probably fit better... The travel to this place was terribly tiresome. He was just so desperate to finally find some real clue for his quest that he was about to believe anything that could lead him closer to the Magical Armor. \"How preposterous and foolish.\" A voice. Coming from above him. Full of wrath and disdain. While turning around, he dropped his travel bag on the floor. He kept his stance passive, but his senses were fully awake, ready to react at anytime. He looked up. A dark and slender figure floated in the air, wrapped in a cloak of feathers, a pale face hidden under a large hat. Red lips formed a cold smile under the shadow enveloping her head. \"You ignorant fool think you can defy the Heavens and still live? The mortals bear so much arrogance it's laughable\", commented the strange woman with contempt. \"Lady\", answered Hanzo while smiling, \"I'm afraid I don't share your sentiment, but hey, whatever floats your boat...\" \"I have no need for a boat, mortal\", she hissed. \"I am Sariatu, daughter of the Moon King. Who are you to dare fighting against my father's will?\" \"Geez, you people ever heard about humor?\" he muttered, shaking his head. Then he responded with his best warrior voice : \"I am Hanzo, humble samurai of the Beetle Clan... But I guess you already knew that, didn't you...\" The moon lady scoffed. And suddenly he was intrigued. \"You're here to kill me then?\" he merely stated. \"Fair enough. But I'd be glad to see my executioner's face, before I die. THAT would be fair, wouldn't it? Since you already know what I look like and I don't know what you look like...Unless... That's your real face? Gods, that looks uncomfortable...\" \"Enough!\" She sounded exasperated. Good news! \"You are not worthy of bearing your mortal eyes on my face, human,\" she rumbled. \"And yet you grace this simple man with your presence, Moon Princess Sariatu. I believe I deserve that much?\" The ominous silence was his answer for a long moment until she took off her mask and her hat, and let them float down slowly on the ground. And while the moon light rested its watchful gaze on her, Hanzo could see her pale face, clear eyes glaring at him under heavy eyelashes, full pale lips and silky black hair flowing in the air. He smiled in awe. \"Well... I guess I can't complain\", he shrugged. \"My executioner is the most beautiful woman I ever laid my eyes upon.\" She looked startled but switched back to her cold state in a second. Slowly she unsheathed her sword and raised it in the sky with her two hands, offering its blade to the moonlight. \"Flattery will get you nowhere, mortal. You have offended my father. Now you must die.\" She flew at him, sword cutting the air towards his head, but he didn't move an inch and his movement was so fast she couldn't even see it. His sword was not even fully unsheathed when he countered her strike. Then with a swift move of his arm, his blade entered her guard and she would have been injured if she did not retreat in the air at the last moment. His easy-going personality tricked her and she underestimated him. Perhaps she should wait for her sisters to come down and fight him with them... But her eyes laid on the mask on the ground. No. She would finish this and put back her full attire even before her sisters arrived. And they will only see his blood on her blade. She looked back at him. He wore a cocky smile, his saber laying on his shoulder in a nonchalant manner. \"You look surprised, Sariatu\", he called up to her. Such familiarity! How dare he. Never in her life did she meet with such an infuriating mortal! She realized anger was gaining her spirit. How pathetic... This mortal could not be allowed to influence her in such way. She let the cold wind of her realm, the emptiness, calm her mind. She was back to her senses. \"And here I thought you accepted your fate...\" she lamented in a voice as cold as void itself. \"That, dear woman, was never my point\", he said, chilling under such icy tone. \"I never said I would not fight back!\" \"Semantics... How quaint! Although it matters not. None of this will be of any use to you, now. The result will always be the same.\" \"I beg to differ.\" he answered with that cockiness of his. She attacked again and their swords clashed. At first, Hanzo let her strike, parading and deviating, dodging and jumping, while keeping his smile up, he examined her pattern. What wicked technique, he awed internally. Precise, lethal, economic on movements and footsteps (if you could call that floating \"footsteps\"), nothing was useless. It was both direct and tricky. She knew exactly what she was doing. And she didn't seem to break a sweat after so many powerful and methodical strikes. He didn't remember fighting someone so strong before. It was frightening but oh so exhilarating! His smile widened with enthusiasm as one of her hits grazed his shoulder, ignoring the red armor he was wearing. He decided to counterattack. He retaliated with a strike to the leg, while rolling aside. When he got back up, his sword countered almost immediately another hit toward his head. Taking his sword with both hands, he stroke down his sword, aiming at her hands. She paraded easily. He then advanced into her guard and aimed forward at her throat. She hurriedly countered, but his foot crashed on her breastplate and sent her flying in a nearby wall, with a strength she never would've suspected from a mere human... While she recovered from the hit, he jumped up, sword above his head. As he fell back on her, his blade met hers in such a powerful way that a cloud of dust formed around them with a violent shock wave. She pushed him back with her foot and she was back in the airs again, her cloak dirty, and her impeccable breastplate full of scratches. \"Lost pieces of your wings, Sariatu?\" he pointed at the feathers that were falling out of her cloak. \"Not so neat anymore, are we?\" She snorted at his armor grazed from everywhere. \"You're one to talk.\" And the fight began again. The violence of their strikes shook the floor and the trees around them. Where she flew, he was right behind her, where he landed, her blade met immediately his. It was a deadly dance that lasted for hours, and the dawn was not far now. Each one loosing more armor as the fight went on, gaining more wounds from the other... And while Sariatu was filled with incredulity and rage at this human she couldn't manage to kill, Hanzo forgot the very reason why he was here int the first place, as he was too excited by this adversary. Amazing , he thought, how could someone be so amazing? Her powers granted her the advantages of flying but he was pretty sure that the fight would be the same if she was staying on the ground. Her face looked focused and calm, but her eyes were burning with sheer determination and rage. A part of his heart jumped at the thought of him being the target of such powerful emotions in her. Hey now, Hanzo , he laughed in his mind. Are you telling me you're falling for her? The very person that came down from the Heavens to kill you? He jumped back, and considered his state. His blade had many scratches It looked more like a saw than a sword. There was only his breastplate left of his red armor. The bun that held his hair up was undone, and his long hair fell down on his wounded shoulders. Blood was covering his body, both his and hers. He was out of breath. But still smiling. Then he looked up at her, panting with effort, her cloak gone. She was standing on the ground. Her trousers had slice wholes everywhere, her breastplate was also in a sorry state. Her silky hair was now a mess, locks falling on her beautiful scarred face. And her clear eyes burning towards him, glowing in the darkness... Her silhouette straightened up again, sword raising in her hands. She was ready for another showdown. She was gorgeous... And right now, he could answer his own question : Oh yes . He saw her again, and wanted to know more about her, even though she was the enemy. His heart was extending towards her... Who was she? What did she like? What did she hate? What made her cringe? What made her laugh? Gods, what was her laugh like? What was her smile like? Would she like to have dinner with him? To go into town with him? Have fun with him? Spar with him? Damn, gods knew he would love the sparring... And before he knew it, as she attacked again, she was everywhere in his mind, his imagination working at full speed. He barely managed to counter her strikes, partly because he was not focused but mainly because he didn't know what to do anymore... \"You have no chance of winning,\" she rumbled. And Hanzo felt that those words were trying to convince herself more than himself. \"What point do you have to fight like you do ? Do you think you can get the Armor and hope to save your kind from my father's wrath? What is there to save here anyway?!\" \"Are you trying to convince me? Or yourself?\" he simply answered. She startled. He took the occasion to send her a powerful strike and she slid further away from him. \"What do you mean?!\" she hissed. \"I don't know, Sariatu, he shrugged. You seem more talkative now... Is there something on your mind?\" His smile was arrogant. He was so pleased with himself. That wouldn't do at all. \"How strange\", she replied. \"I thought you were quite silent, those last moments...\" He barked a laughter, and she found that intriguing, that sound in his mouth. \"Hey look, you did humor!\" Then he sighed and looked at her with strange eyes : \"You have no idea, do you?\" His tone was soft. Why was it so soft? She didn't like it one bit! \"There's plenty to save here\", he told her, deciding to answer her questions. \"You just have to look.\" \"Humph.\" She rose again from the ground. Raising both her arms, her blade supple in her hand. \"Nevermind, you're quest is pointless.\" \"Far from it,\" he replied. \"I know you're confused.\" \"Far from it!\" She attacked again. His sword welcomed hers again, like an old friend. But this time he took her wrist in his hand and pulled her closer to him. She was so baffled by this she didn't react. He put his mouth against her ear and whispered four words. Four words that changed everything. She was speechless. But then she pushed him back, floating back in the air. Her sword hanging down her arm, as if she didn't care about it anymore... \"What... What do you mean I am your quest?!\" she blabbered. \"It doesn't make any sense! I am not your quest! We just met!\" She sounded terribly lost, there was no aggressiveness in her voice, just pure confusion... He looked at her and felt his heart throb. He was often the one that needed an explanation. But this time letting him do the explaining part? That was gonna be tough... Or not. He let go of his sword and looked up at her. \"Yes you are.\" \"That's impossible. How can I be your... quest... I...\" Her voice wavered and she looked panicked. That sight was even more beautiful than the first time he laid his eyes on her. For she never looked more human than now. His master used to tell him that there was no better way to know someone than to fight against that person. How he understood those words now. \"Sariatu.\" he called her name softly. She never heard her name in such a sweet way... She looked up at him and he extended his hand towards her. \"Come. I'll tell you.\" His voice... His eyes... His smile... What was wrong with her? Shouldn't she slice him to pieces right this instant? Shouldn't she... She lost herself in his gaze, and suddenly, her mind was at peace. She took his hand, and he slowly brought her to the ground, just in front of him. He took her sword from her grip, and planted it next to his. She was a bit smaller than he was. But she didn't care about that. Her curious eyes looked up to his. She wanted answers. He would be happy to oblige. Hanzo took her through the forest as he slowly explained his feelings during their fight. \"And so. I was thinking...\", he concluded. He let go of her hand as they arrived on the slope of a hill, full of grass. He let himself fall, on the floor and took a deep breath. He smiled at her and tapped the space next to him, inviting her to sit with him. She sat on her knees gracefully, her back straight, and that simple movement made him sway. How could she still be so graceful after the brawl they just had?! She was incredible. \"You're staring\", she simply stated. \"What we're you thinking about?\" \"Haha, my bad. So... I was thinking, I could show you, you know? What's worth saving in this world. And I could show you...\" He sat up and took her fingers between his. \"... why I consider you my quest... How does that sound?\" She looked at him, and a part of her seemed to understand. \"That sounds...\", she slowly replied. \"Interesting. I think... I would like that.\" Hanzo noticed her blush and that was the most gorgeous thing he've seen in his life. Then again, he thought that a lot during this night. He brought her hand to his lips. \"So are you agreeing to stay with me for now, Sariatu?\" \"I do...\" She had a solemn face. But quickly followed by a faint, genuine and endearing smile. \"...Hanzo.\" The sound of his name in her mouth pronounced in such a way made him so happy he laughed. He fell on his back and looked at the stars that were slowly fading, leaving their places to the warm colors of the day to come. \"Aaaaaah\", he sighed. \"I'm dead...\" \"Why, of course.\" she replied with a satisfied smile. \"I'm your executioner after all.\" He laughed again. She was a fast learner! He took her hand in his again and looked at her. \"No. You're more than that...\" The end I hope you liked it! If you did, feel free to leave a review, if not do it anyway! I love criticism! XD ","Summary":" This is my take on the meeting of Kubo's parents! I found the scene of the telling of this meeting "},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"El niño del shamisen","Author":"Aleprettycat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12223373","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alguien tenía que dedicarle un fic en español a Kubo. Ese niño merece todo el amor del mundo. Espero que lo disfruten. Post-película. Si no la han visto les voy a spoilear el final. Después de tanto caos y destrucción, la villa estuvo en reparación mucho tiempo. Las pérdidas habían sido incalculables pero aún con todo se respiraba un aire de paz con sabor a nostalgia. Kubo ayudaba en todo lo que podía, ya que se sentía directamente responsable por todo, pero Kameyo siempre le brindaba una sonrisa y lo invitaba a sentarse un momento con ella. —Si te sigues exigiendo así terminarás desmayándote. Después le daba un abrazo y le ofrecía algo de comer para que recuperara las fuerzas. No importaba cuánto había madurado o cuán fuerte se había vuelto, para Kameyo él siempre sería un niño que contaba historias de guerreros legendarios y monstruos. Y ella siempre se encargaría de ver por su bienestar. Cuando Kubo se encontraba con la anciana nunca falta que los niños más pequeños se acercaran a él, pidiéndole que les enseñara el arte del origami. La pequeña Mari siempre estaba cerca y se estaba convirtiendo en toda una especialista en hacer flores de niños querían aprender a hacer animales más grandes. Así que después de comer, Kubo les dedicaba un tiempo antes de volver a tocar su shamisen y ayudar en la reconstrucción de los edificios. Cuando la mayor parte de las reparaciones fue hecha, Kubo volvió a usar su shamisen para contar historias. Las aventuras de Hanzo seguían siendo las favoritas de su público, pero cada vez optaba por darle más variedad. Siendo su favorita la historia de una princesa, hija del Rey Luna, que se enamoró de la humanidad de un valiente guerrero samurai. Ya no era necesario correr a casa para antes del anochecer, y tampoco era necesario esconderse de la luz de la Luna, sin embargo, aún suspendía sus historias a la misma hora, pero ahora corría hacia el cementerio para poder conversar con sus padres. Se inclinaba ante la roca en la que una ocasión rezó por su padre, y mientras contaba sus aventuras del día elaboraba un par de figuras de origami con sus propias manos. Al terminar de elaborarlas, su abuelo llegaba a recogerlo, indicándole que era hora de ir a casa a cenar. En casa tenía una repisa llena de las figuras de hacía para sus padres y ayudaba a su abuelo a preparar la cena mientras ambos se ponían al tanto con lo que había hecho en el pueblo durante el día. Mientras que Kubo aún contaba historias con su shamisen para ganarse vida, su abuelo se había vuelto muy popular por la calidad de sus pinturas, tanto retratos como paisajes, muchos de ellos inspirados en las historias de su nieto, que eran los trabajos que más le solicitaban sus clientes. Después de cenar, ambos salían a contemplar el cielo nocturno. Por alguna extraña razón, su abuelo recordaba a la perfección los nombres de todos los astros que iluminaban el cielo, además de contarle las historias que llevaron a su creación. Un día llegó un comerciante al que le tocó presenciar una de las interpretaciones de Kubo en la plaza, quedando maravillado no sólo por su habilidad mágica, sino por la música y su capacidad para contar historias. Después de eso, algunos comerciantes y viajeros de tierras lejanas llegaban al pueblo esperando presenciar alguna de las interpretaciones de Kubo. Algunos lo llamaban el \"Mago del Origami\", otros lo conocían como \"El niño de shamisen\". Para Kubo era extraño en un principio, el hecho que la gente viajará tanto, sólo para escuchar alguna de sus historias. Pero le alegró ver que estas visitas eran bien recibidas por la gente de la villa. Una peculiarmente calurosa noche sin luna, su abuelo le dijo que tenía una importante tarea para él. Kubo estaba dispuesto a aceptar cualquier reto, pero no estaba realmente preparado para lo que le pidió su abuelo. —Eres un espíritu fuerte, valiente y muy noble. Tu alma pide a gritos la aventura, eso es lo que te hace feliz. Nunca te niegues a ser feliz. A la mañana siguiente Kameyo le dijo algo similar. Le dijo que él estaba destinado a la grandeza y que saliera a conocer el mundo. —Tu hogar está aquí, siempre serás bienvenido — ella tomó su rostro con sus manos y le acarició la mejilla con ternura —. Tus padres seguramente están orgullosos del joven en el que te estás convirtiendo. Su madre era una diosa que recorría el mundo cada noche, su padre libraba batallas épicas contra monstruos invencibles por todos lados. Ahora era su turno de salir. Kubo se lo pensaba demasiado, hasta que Kameyo le dijo que sus padres lo acompañarían siempre a donde quiera que fuese, y que su abuelo estaba en buenas manos. Cuando cumplió los catorce años decidió emprender su épico viaje. Conoció gente maravillosa y lugares increíbles, que jamás habría imaginado. La comida era diferente y la gente lo recibía con los brazos siempre abiertos. Ya era todo un joven viajero, que procuraba volver a su hogar varias veces en el año. Se convirtió en una leyenda viviente. El maestro de la magia, hijo del más grande samurai. KUBO. Yo sólo quiero verlo sonreír. Vivo de los reviews. Gracias. ","Summary":" Alguien tenía que dedicarle un fic en español a Kubo. Ese niño merece todo el amor del mundo. Esper"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Firelight and Moonlight","Author":"Ladybug21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12673910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Firelight and Moonlight One prideful impulse. That was all that it took to stir the currents of fate, currents that then would build and crest and finally break upon Sariatu with terrifying force, in the time to come. The branches of the pine trees barely stirred as she stole stealthily between them, swift and silent as a shadow, hidden from the light of the full moon overhead. Sariatu knew that, if she were being sensible, she would have waited for her sisters before departing for the Temple of Bones, rather than speeding forth the instant the last edge of the sun had slipped beneath the horizon. The three had developed a system, as it were, for dispatching the heroes whom their father so disdained - sweeping down upon their prey with mechanically-precise coordination, the chill wind billowing through their silken robes and dark waves of hair, the moonlight glinting coldly off of the steel of their swords. But Hanzo was the very last of their targeted heroes, as well as the best, by all reliable accounts. And Sariatu wanted to face him alone, to try her might against him in true single combat, before her sisters appeared as her safeguard. Hanzo, she reasoned, might put up a true fight, even if she knew that he would eventually succumb to fatigue and error, as all of his fellow mortals did. So Sariatu had lulled her sisters to sleep with the gentle strumming of her shamisen and had not woken them even as the stars began to glimmer in the darkening sky. Alone, she had slipped from the Palace of the Moon King and coursed down towards the earth through the last gleams of twilight, trusting that she would have at least a few minutes before her sisters caught up. The Temple of Bones bore high into the side of a cliff at the edge of the forest. Originally a shrine to a god whose name had long been forgotten, it later became a Buddhist monastery whose monks, in a futile attempt to ward off a warring sect, had destroyed most of its only means of access. The temple's current moniker came from the perilousness of the ascent to its cave entrance: a rough-hewn path that had been chipped away completely in some places, leaving any pilgrim no choice but to leap from foothold to uneven foothold. Sariatu darted nimbly from the shade of the pine forest, across a stretch of grass silvered by the moonlight, and towards the base of the cliff. As she dashed soundlessly up the narrow path, she lifted her robes out of the way, so that they would not catch on the jagged skeletons of those pilgrims who had taken one false and fatal step, and now lay tumbled at the cliff's foot. A large wooden torii , cracked with age and weathered to a neglected grey, straddled the widening path where it leveled to a shallow ledge. Sariatu whisked through it, the rustle of her robes echoed in the slight flutter of the origami shide dangling from a shimenawa that had recently been tied between the gate's posts. She stopped on the ledge, at the entrance to the temple, her mask shuddering against her face as her body found stillness again. Inside the cave sat a man, his back to her. Sariatu blinked at the starkness of his dark silhouette against the brilliance of the fire that blazed in the center of the temple. When her eyes adjusted, she saw that wooden statues of various bodhisattvas stood solemnly around the perimeter of the cave, as cracked and ancient-looking as the torii outside. A few sticks of burning incense, jutting from a small bowl of rice placed within a crevice of the cave wall, filled the air with the rich aroma of sandalwood. Although she said nothing, the man sensed her presence, for he stirred. \"So, you're finally here,\" he said in a surprisingly warm voice. \"Frankly, after waiting all this time, I was wondering if you would ever bother showing up.\" Sariatu said nothing, only swept to the other side of the fire so that she could see the face of the man whom she intended to swiftly and efficiently slay in a moment's time. Hanzo sat in seiza , his legs tucked beneath him, his hands folded in his lap. His eyes were closed, and his rugged face appeared relaxed and tranquil, but as the fire flickered in his direction, away from the rush of Sariatu's robes, he opened one eye and cracked half a roguish smile at her. \"They told me there'd be three of you,\" he said, opening both of his eyes so that he could get a better glimpse of Sariatu over the top of the flames. \"Guess I should have only meditated a third of the time that I did. Could have saved my feet a lot of pain.\" With a grunt of mild discomfort, Hanzo stood, tucking his crested helmet under his left arm as he did so. To Sariatu's surprise, he offered her as low a bow as his brightly-lacquered breastplate would permit. \"And to what do I owe the pleasure?\" he asked as he straightened back up. \"You have offended my father,\" she recited in a hard, polished voice, as she drew her sword with a hiss of metal. \"Now you must die.\" Hanzo sighed, as if disappointed that his gallantry had not attained the desired results. \"Yeah, that's about what I was expecting,\" he replied, lifting his helmet and settling it onto his head. \"Well, let's get to it, then. We'll see how much good all the incense and prayers and self-reflection have done.\" With a whisper of steel, he drew his own sword and exhaled slowly, waiting in stillness for her to make the first move. \"You're afraid,\" she taunted him, taking a slow step around the side of the fire. Hanzo wrinkled his nose. \"Of course I'm afraid,\" he said. \"Only a fool faces off with a god and isn't afraid.\" Sariatu made her move so suddenly that Hanzo barely had time to raise his own sword in defense. She could feel the impact of her blow against his blade reverberate through her own arms as she stepped back and waited for another likely opening. Hanzo smiled again, his expression now filled with the hunger of battle. \"What makes a man brave, as my sensei used to always tell me,\" he added, \"is the ability to recognize and overcome that fear. And I've gotten pretty good at that, actually.\" \"Save your breath,\" Sariatu snarled. \"You'll be missing it soon enough.\" \"I like talking with my enemies a bit,\" Hanzo shrugged. \"It's always somewhat enlightening to hear what they're thinking. Plus, idle chatter has saved me more than once, in the past.\" And then he struck, sword flashing down in one fluid, graceful motion, like the crash of a wave. She caught the blow and threw it aside, impressed in spite of herself. \"Not bad, for a mortal,\" she replied coolly. \"You're speedier than most, I'll grant you that.\" Hanzo grinned. \"So I've been told my entire life,\" he boasted. \"And thus the warning that I usually give my opponents: If you must blink, do it now .\" In an instant he was rushing towards her once more, and, with a cry, she flew at him. He met her strikes blow for lightning-fast blow, metal shrieking against metal, their shouts and grunts echoing off the walls of the temple. Sariatu knew that she was winning, knew that she must inevitably win. But she found herself unusually intoxicated by this duel: by the flickering of their silhouettes sliding over the frozen figures of the wooden bodhisattvas that lined the walls; by the heady scent of the incense sticks that still sputtered ashes into the rice grains beneath; by the ironic grin that remained on the face of her foe, even as sweat beaded between his eyebrows and dampened his beard. All of the other heroes had been like panicked mice caught between the paws of a cat, desperate to find some escape from whichever of the three indefatigable sisters he fought while the other two looked on impassively. Not so Hanzo. Sariatu sensed that he would remain this poised and focused, even if her sisters patiently sat in wait at the edges of the temple. Hanzo, of all the samurai she had faced, seemed to have embraced the inevitability of his fate, and looked upon it without fear. They spun and lunged around the fire in the center of the temple, faces lit by the orange glow of the flames, stepping in and out of the pale moonlight pooling at the entrance of the cave. \"We seem to be well-suited to one another,\" Hanzo shouted at her, barely sidestepping her blade, then blocking her subsequent overhead blows with a series of rhythmic clangs that punctuated his sentences. \"I haven't had this much fun in years. Questing for magical armor is all well and good –\" (clang) \"– but I've been feeling lately like I'm really searching for something else –\" (clang) \"– and maybe this has been it all along: a really – solid – invigorating – fight to the death.\" He stumbled away, clearly shaken from the effort of deflecting her latest relentless assault; Sariatu could see his shoulders heaving, for all his bravado. \"I suppose you'll want me to congratulate you for going out on a high note, then,\" she sneered, bringing the tip of her sword level with his throat and thrusting forward so that he had to smack her blade aside with his own. \"A higher note, I could not wish for,\" he agreed gamely. \"I'd say we've already reached a frequency that would snap the strings off a shamisen , wouldn't you?\" And perhaps it was the mention of her beloved musical instrument that caught her off her guard for a split second, for she did not catch his next thrust quite soon enough, and the tip of his sword caught the edge of her mask, pulling it from her face and sending it spinning to the floor, where its expressionless features cracked cleanly in two along the grain of the wood. \"Oops,\" was the only apology that Hanzo offered, with no small degree of smugness. Sariatu hurled herself at him with a snarl, her sword crashing against his as her body slammed up against his panting frame. She met his gaze coldly as they leaned into each other, faces inches apart, firelight and moonlight fragmenting off the sheen of their quivering blades. Hanzo was strong, but he was exhausted, and she knew that, with one shove, she could push herself backwards and away from him, twisting her blade so that it struck him in the vulnerable nook between the lower edge of his helmet and the top of his breastplate. But as she stared into Hanzo's eyes, tensing her body in preparation for the fatal blow, she saw his expression soften; the flare of battle left his gaze and was replaced with something like wonder. And Sariatu herself was struck with the sudden, unnerving sensation that, had she sliced his neck open right then and there, he somehow might not have minded. \"Oh,\" Hanzo breathed, his voice catching in recognition. \"I see.\" \"What?\" Sariatu snapped, gritting her teeth to keep her sword steady where it still engaged his. \"Were you expecting a monkey or something under that mask?\" A smile broke out across Hanzo's face, not mocking like the fatalistic grin that he had worn throughout their duel, but dazzling like the sunrise that she so rarely allowed herself to watch. \" You are my quest,\" he whispered. And then he disengaged, breaking the connection between their swords and sheathing his own. A moment later, pulling his helmet from his head and tucking it back under his left arm, Hanzo the fabled warrior had dropped to one knee in a reverent surrender, defeated by nothing less than his own heart, his head bowed as he waited for the daughter of the Moon King to fulfill her duty. Sariatu stared at him, awash with emotions that she could not understand. Then, without knowing why, she lowered her sword. Later, there would be time to sort through everything, to realize what it meant to glimpse humanity and want to feel its touch, to crave the warmth of the body against which she had been pressed in combat moments before, to marvel at how trivial the wonders of the universe could be in comparison with the simple joy of being close to someone else. Later, there would be months of laughter, of whispers, of tears, and of devastating loss. There would be years of solitude, islands of searing clarity amid vast seas of disorientation. There would be reunions clouded with suspicion, recognition offset by grief, sacrifices sweetened by love. Later, there would be a curious boy named Kubo, a one-eyed storyteller who brought paper and leaves whirling to life with the music of his shamisen . And later, there would be a Monkey and a Beetle who would happily give all they had so that Kubo could live. But all that Sariatu knew in that moment was Hanzo's eyes and the joyful peace dancing within them. All she could perceive was the blaze of his mortality, as warm and immediate and ephemeral as her everlasting soul had always been cold and distant and diffuse. And for the first time in her immortal life, she looked at another being and truly saw . \"Come,\" she said simply, sheathing her sword with one swift motion. Sariatu helped the exhausted and bewildered samurai to his feet and wrapped her arms about him, feeling the magic swell within her as it lifted the two of them from the ground and swept them out of the cave, into the night towards Hanzo's fortress. (She would leave him there with a promise to visit often, so that she could return to her family and lie to them, tell them that she had chased the samurai from the Temple of Bones before her sisters arrived and executed him elsewhere.) As the pair soared above the moon-drenched landscape, above inky forests and glinting rivers, she could feel Hanzo's right arm tight around her back, could feel his heart thrumming through his breastplate against her own chest, passionate and longing and alive, alive, alive. She wrapped her arms more securely around his neck, the silk of her sleeves fluttering like paper against his armor, and breathed in the scent of him deeply. Sariatu never doubted that she had made the right choice. She and Hanzo came from different worlds, but they completed each other, complemented each other - the shining swordswoman from the Moon Kingdom, and her fiery warrior in his red beetle robes. Perhaps the disapproving world would become more dangerous for them, but Sariatu knew that their love would make them strong enough to overcome whatever obstacles awaited. She had always trusted the old, oft-repeated wisdom that life has a way of keeping things balanced. And that really is the least of it. Author's Note: I also headcanon that Sariatu's snarky comment in the above, about Hanzo expecting her to be a monkey under her mask, leads to a whole little inside joke between the two of them, which in turn leads to Hanzo gifting Sariatu the monkey netsuke that becomes Kubo's \"Mr. Monkey\" charm. This headcanon, of course, didn't fit cleanly into the above fic, so I thought I'd toss it into a footnote, instead. And I fully acknowledge that a lot of imagery in this fic is heavily inspired by various Studio Ghibli films. The Temple of Bones, in my mind, looks like something straight out of \"Princess Mononoke,\" in no small part because I really enjoy imagining how much Monkey and Moro the Wolf Goddess would get along. And the very end of this story intentionally feels a lot like the flight sequence in \"The Tale of the Princess Kaguya\" because I really couldn't resist referencing a different visually-stunning animated film about a celestial princess whose enjoyment of life on earth is stymied by Awful People From The Moon Who Don't Understand Love. ","Summary":" Firelight and Moonlight One prideful impulse. That was all that it took to stir the currents of fat"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Happy Halloween 3","Author":"Eogrus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12213304","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a stormy and dark night in Halloween. Several years passed since our heroes defeated the evil marionettes from Five Nights At Freddy s and the even more evil and exceptionally whore We Bare Bears. They were gathered at a feast table like the ones used by the puritanical pilgrims of fabled aged, and Norman was laying on it, naked and covered with holiday pastries. Mm, these cheesecakes taste very well after they sat on your dick for an hour said Coraline very pleasurably as she took out out with dining sticks. But suddenly there was evil in the air. There was a knock on the door. Jack went to answer it, but it was blown apart by an explosion and Bayonetta had to stop time to prevent the debris from killing them. As time went back to normal they couldn t fucking believe it. It was ..THE MIGNIONS! What the fuck do you want you yellow bastards? said Jeanne spitefully. Only it wasn t just them. Behind them was ..KUBO! hAHAHAHA you precious rittre heroes thought you won, but darkness wirr take over the land said the evil boy dasterdly, Minions, ATTACKU! Then he turned around and exposed his ass and defected a small sun, utterly obliterating the cabin with intense, searing light. To make matters even worse the Minions exploded as well, causing a series of searing lights. Existence began to be obliterated and consumed by the burning sensation of the void. Thankfully, the Moon was still intact. We must hold on together! said the Cat. \"For glory!\" shouted Caroline. \"For justice!\" shouted Jack. \"For love!\" shouted Sally. \"For fortitude!\" shouted Mayor. \"For prudence!\" shouted Jeanne. \"For righteousness!\" shouted Cereza. \"For truth!\" shouted the cat. \"For compassion!\" shouted Meesh. \"In name of the Moon, may these evil chinese people be sent to HELL!\" shouted Norman, and his eyes glowed pure pink. Nnnnoooooooooo! SAID kUBA DESPERATELY, but he was blasted out of existence along with his evil asiatic Minions. And everything went back to normal. Amen. ","Summary":" It was a stormy and dark night in Halloween. Several years passed since our heroes defeated the evi"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Moonlight's Embrace","Author":"Gnoblars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12168910","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The white porcelain mask lied on the floor of the debris-strewn fortress courtyard, broken from the battle that had taken place many hours before. Night had turned to day, and day soon turned back to night. The moon, full and great in its form, floated in the sky above, illuminating the carnage before it. Its silvery sheen reflected off of the mask, giving it an eerie glow that settled over the scarred place. As soon as the night had fallen over the land, one of the piles of rubble began to stir. Planks of splintered wood and rent shards of broken stone began to fall from it until a heavily damaged and beaten shape emerged from it, which started to move slowly from the pile with a ragged and greatly-needed gasp for air. The thin female figure, clad in dark armor and a torn black cape of raven feathers, began to stumble and limp forward. Long, jet-black hair hung from her head like silky drapes, swaying in the soft wind. While one of her arms, tipped with a bare and bony hand was low and clutching at a wound marked with dry ichor on her side, the other one, covered by a gloved gauntlet, had its talon-like fingers stretched over her face in a muddled manner. Only her bare left hand and the parts of her face that weren't covered by the other hand exposed her skin, revealing that it bore a deathly pallor to its tone. She was the last of the two Sisters. Where she tried to walk toward was her mask; the object having been separated from her in the battle that took place not a day before which ultimately resulted in her deep, but miraculously nonfatal injuries. Briefly taking her arms off of her body and leaning down after approaching her possession, the Sister grabbed her mask in both hands and picked it up. Placing what was left of it over her pale, white face, she turned to the only other two objects to catch her eyes amidst the shattered floor of this old fortress. One was a large and wide-shouldered body, bearing the chitinous features of both man and beetle, laying face-down. It was the great, cursed warrior Beetle, whom the Sister had killed, otherwise known by his true, but forgotten identity as the samurai Hanzo. He was the one to inflict the wretched wound on her side with a sword he had flung at her while her focus was trained elsewhere. What laid close to him were the two bisected pieces of a wooden monkey charm she had also cut down, which was once a living, flesh-and-blood form possessed by the spirit of her and her twin sister's eldest sibling-turned traitor and mortal, Sariatu. The Sister looked down at the broken monkey charm in a forlorn way. She killed her without remorse in her actions then, but always had she loved and looked up to her eldest sister all the same, even somewhat after she had fallen in love with Hanzo and bore his child. Kneeling down, she gently picked up the charm and after the two pieces were safely in her careful hands, she turned to Hanzo's prone and lifeless form with an angered scowl behind her broken mask and teeth gritted over her dark lips. \" You made me do this to her. You took her from me. Vile, wicked insect!\" With her rasp, she scuffed her boot quickly against the stone floor, kicking a small cloud of dust and a few bits of debris at Hanzo's unmoving body. It was a final act of hate and malice toward the one she had earlier slain, having run her blade through his back while it was turned. Either way, she knew her spite towards his carcass didn't truly matter. He was dead; his spirit long gone and departed for whatever afterlife awaited him, leaving nothing but an empty shell for her to vent her frustration out upon. Sighing, she looked back to the pieces of the idol in her hands and stared long and hard at them, the snarl on her lips lessening until it was gone completely. Walking back, she took a seat atop a stable piece of flat wreckage that was torn up in the scuffle and caught her breath as she looked down to the broken object. She soon turned her mask face upward and looked around until she spotted what her roving eyes searched for, which to say was the small bits of her pipe. A magical thing possessing the essence of a fire demon she had slain ages prior, it had been broken to pieces by her nephew Kubo as she was mere seconds from plucking his last eye out and releasing him from his wretched mortal coils. Placing the monkey charm's two halves into a pocket on her person, she stretched her gloved hand out to the enchanted pipe, and on her command the many parts began to fly her way on their own, as if a powerful, unseen force was carrying them. The pipe's remains came to her and as they floated over her palm, the shattered pieces slowly began to rearrange themselves and stick together until the object was fixed and whole again. When it was finished, it looked like there hadn't been any damage sustained in the first place. Without further delay she lit it and placed the tip in her mouth, inhaling some of its plant-based content's easing essence. As she exhaled a fragile breath, a black cloud of smoke exited her pallid mouth like a dark, ghostly wisp. The fume swirled up into the sky as though it had a life of its own, before fading away with a gust of wind. It was the only thing she had to soothe herself now, in this fragile moment. Once she recovered just enough, the Sister planned on returning to her father, the Moon King. She had to inform him of her failure to defeat Kubo, and where the boy was surely headed now. That plan never came to pass though, as a sudden burst of agony then gripped her head, causing her to drop her pipe to the side in surprise. She cried out in a sharp hiss as it clinked upon where it touched down, her crown bending forward in a sudden motion, hands shooting to it in a vain effort to quell the tide of torment. The pain wracked her mind like nothing she had ever felt since the death of her beloved other sibling. She could not describe what was causing it for a short time, but when she did, her mouth hung agape with pure shock. It was a disappearance of someone she could sense through the cosmos. One of the few she cared for in her immortal life. And when it dawned on her to who it was, she let out a scream that rang throughout the fortress and the surrounding countryside. The Moon King was gone. Raiden was gone. Father was gone. She knew not how this was so, but it was true . Her despairing wail dying down into a low cry, and then a hushed gasp, the Sister fell to her weak and trembling knees, pained echoes still surrounding her. The emptiness that had touched her soul in that instant was the worst tormenting anguish she had ever experienced. Far more terrible than the wound given to her by Hanzo's thrown sword in that savage battle. Far more burning and foul than Sariatu's betrayal years prior. As she regained control of her thoughts and actions many minutes later, she came to a despondent conclusion on what her next move would be. She knew what she needed to do now, before anything else. The idea consumed her mind with the frigid logic she had been trained to heed in times so dire as this, and she acted on it with an audible gritting of her white teeth. She needed to heal. To regain her full strength so that she could fulfill her father's final given wish. Snatching her pipe up and putting it away, then getting to her sore legs with a deep breath, the Sister began to focus. Calling upon her power, what little of it she was able to muster, she steadily began to levitate above the ground. Looking to the sky, to the moon that filled the dark abyss of stars and endless blackness, she began to fly toward it. Eventually she picked up speed until she was going at a pace no mortal could witness, and she disappeared entirely into the silver-white glow of the great celestial object. ","Summary":" The white porcelain mask lied on the floor of the debris-strewn fortress courtyard, broken from the"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"His Quest","Author":"B.LotusFlower","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12162100","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His Quest Hanzo stood his ground, arrows aimed at the sisters. Their permanent grins laughing at his obscured position. His eyes looked in sorrow at the bodies of his fallen comrades, how many bodies littered the courtyard. Hanzo was unsure and it made him sick thinking about it, but it was natural this was the life of a samurai. They lived, fought and died together. If destiny had it sometimes a happiness would come into their lives before they met their end. Hanzo's happiness was in the form of a beautiful woman that came from the stars. He recalled the day, she had come to depose of him for the Moon King. Hanzo dueled the woman as it was her desire to do so. As they fought, the samurai couldn't help, but be memorized by her beauty and impressed by her skill and determination. No fighter could ever match him, but this woman was different. When their swords clashed one against the other, looking into her eyes Hanzo knew she was for him. \"You are my quest.\" He had stated boldly to her. The woman stared him down for the longest time, confusion slowly changing to a soft smile. Time passed, Hanzo married the woman who he discovered was named Sariatu. She was the eldest daughter of the Moon King and possessed great power. Unfortunately, her union with the samurai was seen as betrayal. Regardless, Hanzo loved Sariatu and protected her from the Moon King. Hanzo recalled many memories the pair had before the sisters broke into the fortress. He was forced to assemble his army to fight, while Sariatu escaped with their infant son in her arms. \"Look dear sister, he is all that is left.\" One giggled. The twins, walked slowly toward Hanzo ignoring his arrows. \"Oh, yes. What should we do with him?\" the other replied. He frowned, standing his ground, they would pay for coming here to his home and threatening his family! \"I am certain we can think of something. It would be no fun to just kill him.\" The older twin stated. Hanzo aimed and shot a round of arrows at the sisters with no affect. The samurai was down to his last arrow. \"This is for Sariatu and Kubo.\" Hanzo muttered letting arrow fly, it gilded into the air, but was caught by the younger of the twins. The sisters laughed again. \" That arrow was for our sister wasn't it? They said in unison. The two women waved their hands as dark magic engulfed the arrow, shattering it into tiny pieces against the samurai's feet. \"Once we find our sister, we will get rid of her and take Kubo's eye as our own!\" They shouted. Hanzo drew forth his sword and charged. \"Over my dead body!\" he clashed with the older sister sparing violently. He lunged, aimed and dodged her sword. Hanzo sliced her arm with his sword, she yelled and roughly pressed her own against his weapon. With enough strength, Hanzo knocked the older to the ground and went to strike, but was stopped when he was seized by a puff of black smoke. Like snake coils, the smoke tangled itself tightly around his body causing Hanzo to drop his sword. He yelped when his binds grew tighter. \"Good, sister.\" Hanzo managed to twist his head toward them. A large pipe rested between the younger sister's lips and the older sister stood next to her, enjoying the sight of the samurai's weakened state. \"To think you promised my sister you would always protect her. How useless you must feel.\" Hanzo said nothing as the older twin continued. \"You should feel more than that for taking our sister from us! You deserve death!\" Hanzo nearly cried out as the smoke began crushing his ribs. \"But, then you would still hold the memories of her in the next life.\" The sister stated. She grabbed Hanzo's face and pulled him to her mask. The samurai groaned feeling her sharp nails digging into his chin drawing blood. \"Don't worry we will make sure you don't remember her at all, you worthless insect!\" The sister stepped away as enormous pillars of smoke encircled him. The magic twisted, pulled and stretched Hanzo's body. His ear-piercing screams shattering the fortress walls. His memories swiftly slipping from his mind, leaving an empty shell as his body morphed. In place of the samurai warrior was a battered bloody mess of a hard-coated, four-armed creature. \"Come sister, we will take him to the mountains. He will never interfere in our affairs again.\" ","Summary":" His Quest Hanzo stood his ground, arrows aimed at the sisters. Their permanent grins laughing at hi"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"And a Song Someone Sings","Author":"purplefern","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12195676","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Saw Kubo and the Two Strings recently, and I loved it. Beetle was (surprisingly) my favorite character, and I wanted to write something about him since his death left me super sad. Buuuut, I just can't really write funny characters or happiness apparently, so instead of the Kubo/Beetle father/son fluff I had wanted to write, I ended up writing amnesia angst. Also, I highly recommend listening to \"Once Upon a December\" from Anastasia while you read, since this was originally a songfic, until some ff person yelled at me about that and I didn't want to risk my account or anything, plus I'm just a wimp when people yell at me. Ok, on with the story. Flashes sometimes came to him. At first, it seemed random, and what he saw was incoherent and incomplete. Phrases missing the rest of their sentences, short, non-sequitur sentences that made little sense. He may suddenly think of an image of a elaborate screen wall, covered in all sorts of animals and figures from legends, before it disappeared back to the recesses of his mind like a mist. Or sometimes it wouldn't even be a image, just a feeling, or a smell, that vanished as soon as it arrived. The feeling of being on horseback, the smell of cherry blossoms, a glimpse of a man watering a bonsai tree and practicing forms. A samurai. After it happened a few more times while he was out on his wanderings, he linked the memories' resurfacing to the pieces of armor and weapons he found that had been left by fallen and bygone marching samurai, many of which were covered with the same crest of a black stag beetle on red, its wings partially opened. I must have been a samurai. Why else would I be seeing all this? Well, that, or I was just really into collecting samurai stuff. He thought deeply about this (and, for some reason, he felt that this should seem funny. A ghost of a half-remembered laugh drifted through the air) while he took his meals in the warm cave that was currently his house (but not, he felt, his home). Were these his memories? Had he finally started unraveling the mystery of his past? He couldn't help but hope that, maybe, at some point, he would have been sitting around the fire, eating dinner, but with other people. Maybe friends, maybe even a family. He could hear the ethereal sound of a song coming from the past, a slow and warm sound of a gently plucked shamisen, and he could almost hear a voice, before that, too, seemed to vanish into thin air. The rest of that dinner felt lonelier than ever. He then took to collecting samurai things, hoping that with enough of them he could finally, clearly, remember. But the more that he half-remembered, the more that he felt empty and confused. He started to get a feeling of loss that nagged at the edge of his soul. Most days it didn't show its face, but on nights when he was outside, he would look at the stars, and for reasons he couldn't explain that feeling of loss crept up on him again, and he felt like he could almost remember a person's face and a feeling of warmth. He had been...happy? In love? Loved, even? After a time, that loss and loneliness began to creep up on him during the day, as his realization of his isolation began to sink in. How long had he even been by himself, if he truly had once been a man? He seemed to forget time as easily as he forgot his name and history. It could have been months, or it could have been years. There were no important events to help him keep track of time, and he had no memories to gauge how long a year felt. Even worse was that, no matter how much stuff he collected, no matter how long it had been, he could remember no more than before. The memories seemed to just refuse to stick. His head was constantly empty. For now, his comfort would have to be from the ghostly song that drifted through the air. R&R;, sorry if anyone really liked it better as a songfic, I'm just not taking any chances. ","Summary":" Saw Kubo and the Two Strings recently, and I loved it. Beetle was (surprisingly) my favorite charac"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"(precursor) the two strings","Author":"Ezfa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12165194","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (precursor) the two strings 001 (Listen to my tale; listen well. If you must blink, do it now. Pay careful attention to everything you see and hear no matter how unusual it may seem. A long time ago, in the very land you step on, there was once a grand and noble warrior, eager to prove himself to the heavens. You see, from the moment he was born, Akhiro was no mere mortal; he was a god. Born from the love and sorrow nestling in the pits of his mother's tears, and possessing the bravery of the ferocious grand beast that was his father, our hero fell from the heavens when he slipped when he looked at the mortal realm beneath him in awe. But in his young age, he was not deterred, for you see, he had nothing but kindness in his heart to give; each step he took, every solitary movement that he performed did nothing short of inclining him closer to the heavens above him. As a gift, his mother sent him a beautiful golden armor; made from only the finest richest the gods of the land could produce, and she blessed it with her kiss, containing all the love from a longing mother to her only son. He fought valiantly to prove himself, for years and years he fought across the ends of the earth, battling monsters and demons; all slaughtered beneath the sheath of his glistening sword. He was so close to his destiny, and his heart swelled with the prospect of finally reaching the heavens with his family. Akhiro was prepared for anything, he would often tell himself. Underneath his very demi-god exterior, underneath the flesh and bone that temporarily sealed him a very human like state, therein beat the heart of a true warrior. But nothing prepared of what had to come; of the very obstacle he would face in order to finally seal his destiny. Our valiant hero pressed forward; through the harsh snow and the gust of winds, he started to ascend to the heavens. But something held him there, right at the tip of the grounds where his feet touched and before he could take in what was happening, he realized his open and very vulnerable position. He turned, absolutely startled as to who would even think on interrupting this momentous and glorious occasion; there was a burning in his chest, you see, and his eyes only widened at the sight before him. It was… It was—) \"Your mind is elsewhere, daughter.\" The low muting hum surges through the ends of her body, guiding its' way from her small wiggling toes to her chest, until even the ends of her hair wave around with the energy. The stark chill of the atmosphere brings her further to, and her vision blurs with the weight of all the colors known to exist in the realm. Beautiful blues, stark yellows, blinding varying shades of purple and even white swirls all around; it all deepens the dull pigment under her eyes, indicating her exhaustion, enhancing the dullness in her eyes, especially in her left amblyopiac eye. A sickly child, is what her father would often say in a pitying voice; what she often heard as he lulled her with a quaking lullaby, — no more fit to be a star than the dullest piece of dirt from the mortal realm. Somewhere, in the far distance she can still hear the soothing voices, so much unlike theirs; so full of something foreign and alien , and the seven year old child cannot comprehend why and she is only filled with an ache in her chest. But then she hears her father calling out her name once more. \" Sariatu — look at me.\" The cold steel clamp of his lengthy fingers never fail to send a shiver down the course of her spine; indeed, her father holds a very powerful wave of magic that she knows, even in her young age, to be weary of. Smooth finger pads stroke her cheek gently and any trace of hesitance quickly vanishes from her head, and the pain lessens. Becoming aware of her surrounding and out of her reverie, the little girl nearly stumbles, though her father makes no movement in helping her, letting his hand fall from her face; beckoning her with a look, instead, to raise herself in his presence. He knows she is intuitive, and beneath his thick lashes and cold neutral face, there is a smidgen of doubt laying beneath his slight brow crease, but he waits patiently for the girl to finally become self aware. Her eyes locks with those of her father's. There is no color in his eyes; foggy like a stormy night without a hint of sunshine. \"Where you wandering, again?\" There's a knot forming in her throat, and she resists in trying to obstruct the path by swallowing; it'll make it worse, and surely raise her father's ire. A proper young lady musn't lie nor must she face the face of truth with a fleeting animal's cowardice, words she has to abide to under his law. \"Y-yes baba… I… I was-\" \"Do not mumble, Sariatu. Where where you?\" Though his words are firm, echoing beyond the winds and throughout the night skies across her home, there's an underlying tone of them; he wants a straight answer, and now. But... the little girl truly doesn't know how to answer, and her lips quiver in uncertainty. Like a dream, her wanderings, her visions quickly fade until she is left with nothing but the intensity of the feeling. More often than not, that feeling is longing and the little girl yearns for whatever fantasy, or nightmare, she endured the moment her eyes closed. Perhaps it's the fact that only when her father fuels the full moon in its entirety, gracing its heavenly form across the lands of the mortal realms, can she really let herself wander away to.. to … she doesn't even know. She doesn't do it on purpose, and before anything, she voices this clearly with almost frantic gestures, desperate for her father to understand. Raiden says nothing towards his only daughter, instead his own mind conjuring up another set of thoughts altogether. He knows that she is at unease with his silence; the girl is too timid, which in retrospect, is a good thing. But she is no mere mortal, and the fact that she behaves like one upsets him and leaves a bitter taste in his mouth. Finally after a pensive pause, he nods once. \"I see...\" Even without focusing too much, Sariatu's distress is not at all hard to miss; he can feel it radiating in waves. Literally, quite heavy and a pushing force against his own thin frame. She may have been a withered little bud now, but it's moments like these where the moon king knows that she is anything but fragile. But it's her eye, that holds her back. History is bound to repeat itself, that much he knows is inevitable. But for all his power and all his ruling over the heavens, he knows there is only so much he can do to attempt and fix his little girl, to make her perfect . To make her infinite . She has always shown signs of.. weakness , and he wonders if it's the price he must endure for his past mistakes. He's always tried and reasoned with himself that he's been paying for his past sins; but why must his offspring suffer? He turns to her, all too suddenly, and she tilts her head slightly in confusion at the look he is giving her; intense and focused. Her father's form hovers close, and he is at eye level. When she feels the coldness of her father's fingertips upon her porcelain skin, she leans into his hand bowing slightly. His thumb hovers close to her left eye socket, and something clenches in her chest as the edge of his finger seeps through the socket, forcing the eyeball to slightly budge to make room for the intrusion. The feeling is not comfortable, but Sariatu only tenses and doesn't utter one complaint. \"This… eye of yours...\" he mutters, \"thissss wandering eye...\" A small hiss escapes him as he pushes further and further slightly with every single word he emphasizes. Managing to make a small dry spot on the orb, he presses on her actual eye instead and instinctively, she flinches, but Raiden grips her cheek tighter. His face is focused, and his brow is furrowed as his attention is slowly on the wandering brown iris. He wants her to look at him, and he nearly seethes when the brown orb seems to look at anywhere else but him. \"B-baba… please…mm i-it hurtsss !\" Her voice, barely above a whisper, cracks from the sheer discomfort and vulnerability of having her eye so open and prodded at. Tears are starting to form, and sit in wait on the edge, glistening as pale and luminous as the moon itself. Soon enough, as if her voice had snapped him out of whatever trance he was in, the intrusion makes itself scarce, leaving her eye watering and twitching. The smooth pad of his thumb instead grazes over the skin of her lid and under her eye, harder with each stroke; the blunt end of his nail presses even further, and he drags it down in a mix of a painful and soothing gesture, creating a severe visible injury, until finally, he closes her eye. As a celestial being, even one as young as hers, there is no physical repercussion such as blood, save for the scar made by the touch of the Moon King himself. But the pain is there, and Sariatu finds herself stiff as a stone, biting her lip in the pain and the fear. Hesitantly, with her father's hand still over her eye, she looks at him. His whisper carries over to her, in the small vicinity they share, and gently, she grabs his wrist, listening. \"Now; you are perfect. \" She doesn't understand, but she says nothing to indicate the fact. Almost as if now he is the one wandering, his own gaze is distant; faraway and unfocused. He strokes her cheek, once more, and gently. He knows that the damage is only temporary; but the scar, however unintentional, is not. It's a reminder to her, to himself that his daughter has yet to reach the pinnacle of her full potential. In due time, she will learn control and for his errors, he will make them up. He gets up, after the long enduring moment, \"Oh, daughter of mine...\" Collecting himself, and upon feeling the breeze withering past the hem of his robes and through his beard, he gracefully sits at the edge of what now forms a ledge. He pats the space next to him, indicating her to come close. The view is spectacular, though redundant, as their entire world is a view in its own right. After a moment, left eye shut but still with all the bounce in her step, she takes the up the space next to him, huddling somewhat with uncertainty against her father. Against the very Moon King himself. \"I… I worry about you, daughter.\" His surprisingly soft voice nearly lulls her once more, and almost instinctively, does she nuzzle against the soft fabric of his robes. The fireflies shine stark yellow against the dark blues of the night and- she realizes, that they all seem to be in their own dreams; surreal creatures wandering against all odds just to enjoy themselves, and being the silly little girl that she is, she wishes she could be one. \"You have an independent mind; smart and intuitive. But you, little girl~\" She slightly tumbles back as she feels the slight thwack of her father flicking her forehead. \"-don't take advantage of. That. Mind.\" With each emphasis of the words, the flicks become more incessant, and Sariatu giggles. He lets himself smile at the sound of her voice. — Ah, there she is. There's that laugh, my little girl. Her birth hadn't been the best of times for celebration, but he knows that for the price, his daughter is worth it. After a chuckle himself, their attention is back on the vast, beautiful lands before them. \"Baba,\" her small voice peers through the comfortable silence. \"Are you still mad? That I… that I could...\" —That I can see ; that my eye is imperfect . but the words go unheard; stuck within the back of her windpipe and burning at the edge of her tongue. Her distress is made clear once more, and for a moment, she looks to be on the verge of an emotional collapse. Such a troubled mind for such a small span of life. \"I didn't mean it, baba, honest! I.. I felt something bu-but I… it was away from me...\" Her focus seems strangled, and in all truth, concerning. However, being of his position, of who he is, Raiden does not interject until she seems to be verge of tears. He holds up a hand, signifying her to halt and she does. His gaze drifts back to the scenery before him, and he nudges her slightly for her to do the same. \"No one said it was going to be easy, daughter. You are destined to be so much more than what you make yourself out to be, I know; I can feel it.\" His words are kind; heavy with wisdom and experience and Sariatu clings on to his guidance desperately. \"Your eye is merely an obstacle,\" he is seen, for a moment, stricken with the rage of a harsh storm, but it is gone before the little girl can fully comprehend his look. \"A test, and I will make it right.\" She doesn't understand, not fully and not at this time, at least, but she knows that what her father speaks is of nothing than the truth. \"Magic,\" his voice echoes, and stardust and cosmos weave together before her, in her father's very own hands, materializing from yellow and orange lights brighter than any of the lights present in her home she has ever seen, is an instrument with strings. A very peculiar sight to her, and it is the slim neck that she focuses on first, gradually working her way down to the white, hollow base —and finally, settling on the three golden strings. \"-is not supposed to be easy, daughter.\" His hands handle the instrument beautifully, and after a moment, a firefly is molded in his fingers creating a bachi, and he strings the shamisen. It is the most beautiful sound she has ever heard. \"But when controlled ; you have the universe in your very hands.\" He looks up, and his smile widens at her gaze; full of life and with all the wonders a small child can have. Stars are in her one, good eye and he can see her small hands all but shaking in amazement. Like she has just seen the wonders of the universe. And Raiden thinks that, in this very moment, she has. And nothing makes him happier. Knowing, that she, is happy; she is impeccable . He strums it once more, but this time, as if to show the prowess of his previous statement, a wave of bright blue emits from them, surges together, as one and into the valley below and engulfs it into a beautiful wondrous light. \"You are powerful, daughter. You are a shining star; you just need to open yourself to the possibilities. \" As if to prove this to her, he hands her the instrument gracefully. Sariatu, however, is anything but graceful when she handles the foreign object in her small hands. She gives a helpless, yet joyful look to her father who only nods in encouragement. Forgetting any previous instance of her bad eye, or of her wandering from the kingdom in her dreams, her only focus on this beautiful shamisen. As if the wind itself was knocked out her small windpipe, she forces out a shaky breath and holds up the bachi is such an exaggerated manner. The object is much too wide for her to grasp properly, and it slips a little, but the energy flows through her nonetheless, and she closes her eyes in the sheer overwhelming feeling of it all. And finally, she brings her hand down, strumming it. The desired effect is lost too easily. She gave too much energy, in her excitement and in her joy, but the prowess itself is sheer grandeur, and though it goes unnoticed by her, Raiden's eyes widen at the display. The whole valley, and beyond some, in enraptured in bright blue and erratic yellows. At the absence of commentary, the moon princess automatically assumed she has committed another monstrous error, she hesitantly looks to her father's face, unsure of what to make of his silence. \"Baba… I… I'm sorry… I didn't...\" Tears prickle at the edges of her eyes, both of them. \"I.. I'll do better next time, I s-swear… please don't be mad...\" Do I upset him so much? Against all odds, even like this, the girl has the lunacy to think so little of herself. But she is only a child, and the Moon King reminds himself that only time can truly fix this mess. His eyes softly peer at her, and he smiles gently, chuckling at her panic. \"Oh, Sariatu; you truly are a remarkable, perfect child.\" He would make sure of it, he would do right by her even if it's the last thing he ever did as his duty in the heavens. He makes a motion for her to hand him back the shamisen, and instructs her thoroughly. \"You must keep your nerves at bay; calmness and patience are your allies, feel the hum of strings surge through you and let it flow. And never, dear girl, must you blink. Not even once..\" He holds his own hand up again, and strings the instrument with a powerful force. It bleeds onto the valley, taking on a much more calming but intense blue, surely to affect the earth. — for if you do, remember, you have only so much to recollect yourself before you are stricken down. \" Motherrrrr, \" cries out a whiny voice, \"—and then what happened?! What was his grates obstacle?\" \" Oh for the love of— Child, if you keep whining like a battered ox, I swear to the heavens I will-\" The boy held absolutely no sympathy for his mother's complaint's over his own; she had begun a tale, knowing full well how much those very tales ignited life within him. Stories of brave warriors and quests, proving to everyone how much of a hero they are and gaining absolute tremendous power gifted from the gods themselves were at the pinnacle of his joy. His mother knew of the twelve year old's fascination, and yet she skillfully and not-so-subtly never finished the tales she spun with her witty words and faraway gaze, like it was amusing to her to see the crestfallen look on his face when she abruptly cut off on the last line. \"You can't do this to me! You can't just not finish what you started!\" Kameyo was a humble looking, yet pretty woman without so much as an indication of age. However, she knew, certain as the moon would rise from the depth of it's dark cove to rise for the earth to bask in every night, that her son would pile more years the more he whined to her. Seeing as Hanzo is already twelve, she's surprised her head isn't full of gray and green hairs by this point. Resisting the urge to roll her eyes, she instead glares harshly at her son who, to be frank, doesn't put the least put off nor any less discouraged by the effect despite the circumstances. As it was, the two figures were right under the moon's watch; the pitch black skies' illumination rose from the half moon itself, and the various jewels of white scatted like a blanket. Though one star shone starkly, too close to the moon as if it's accompanying it. Her eyes are nearly blinded by the sight, however she basks under the night; unlike most people, she had taken a fancy to the night in particular. If only because it's her son's favorite time of the day. She is close to crackling a smile, and eventually, she shakes her head. \"Oh hush boy; I was only saving the second half of the story for another time. Besides, I have a feeling you wouldn't exactly fancy the ending.\" At this, his eyes widen at this new information, and she realizes her mistake; though it is too late before she can even offer another word. \"D-does Akhiro die? What is his downfall? What can beat a warrior so great and powerful?! Mother! \" The boy stops his chore of twisting the cloth, ridding it of the water; he swishes it around in a dramatic motion, not caring or concerned in getting them both wet. She suppresses a groan and shuts her eyes, briefly praying to the heavens for mercy. \" Hanzo, ease it there child! At the rate you're going, you're going to give yourself a heart attack,\" and myself, she mumbles the last part. \"Besides – why is it so bad that he dies? All stories come to an end. Heroes are no less susceptible to that rule than any other mortal and would you stop swinging that around?! It's your father's, young man!\" She yanks the robe from his grip and shakes her head. \"He can't just… just.. die like that!\" She raises a slim brow at that, though her attention is more focused on her chore than it is on this delusional boy. \"Oh, really? How does that go, I wonder?\" \"I… I just mean, if he's going to die , then it must be because of honor, right? Did he die protecting his men? How about that he was against this giant blood thirsty beast! \" he lets out a very exaggerated gasp, as if discovering the wonders of the universe and his eyes light up to prove it. \" I know! He sacrificed himself to protect the world, right? That's gotta be it!\" His voice is so full of energy, so sincere and genuinely excited at the prospect that one of his heroes is just that; a hero. Something that, in his mind, is the pinnacle of someone's honor. With all the youth and energy in the world, Hanzo refused to be just a simple fisher's son, or a farmer's son. Ever since he could remember, the stories of those before him, of warriors and demi-gods that no sooner showed their worth to the world by their sheer effort alone had been something he could relate to; something he aspired to be when the truth of his story is a sad one. His charisma is a trait that he and only he can possess. Kameyo doesn't know where he got the trait from, and she doubts it's from his father; the hard working fisherman is as visual and creative as the fish he catches, and he never once truly appreciated his boy's antics, deeming them instead as childish and nonsensical. She, of course, disagrees entirely; her child is special, and she knows that his destiny would be made of grandeur and stardust. Her own family had always been so much less inclined on legends and lore, much like her husband's; but her own fascination had never been diluted. Though it didn't change the fact that she had to turn away that little part within her, as women are not meant to have dreams or to pursue anything out of being productive. So to see it so vividly on her offspring had been a true blessing. \"Heroes, my son, come in all different forms. It isn't all about obtaining a sword, or ascending to the heavens. It's about what's in the confinements of your soul , of who you are and what you choose to be.\" \"Yeah, I know that part, mother.\" Though he indicates, clear as day, she as a mother knows that he doesn't; but she hears him out anyway. He shrugs, grabbing another cloth and scrubbing vigorously; the shine in his eyes never leaving his irises. \"But what is a hero without his sword, his armor?\" She shakes her hide, sighing ever so slightly and ready to repeat her point before she is beaten to it. \"Absolutely fictitious and barbaric.\" The intrusion startles them both, and sure enough behind them stands Hanzo's father, Hayato. The man stands firm and his eyes are hard as steel; working for all of his fifty two years, he's never once taken kindly to those out in the battlefield. It would be the day pigs fly that he would even churn his chin in the direction of fictional legends. \"Wife, why are you reiterating these silly stories to the boy? He has enough creativity on his mind to last him at least two other lifetimes; he doesn't need encouragement.\" Their heads remained bowed, though Kameyo meets her husband's gaze, and pleads silently to not deter their son further. At least not for tonight; it's the most she can do. Thankfully, he recedes and instead of scolding Hanzo, he asks him about trivial matters; what specific fishes are being demanded in their village and what he thinks they should do about it. His father is always pushing him to be a smart business man, and soon enough it would be his turn to guide the family and their finances. The discomfort is obvious on the boy's face, but he knows he has to uphold his familiar duty. Eventually, Hayato turns himself for the night, making it an obvious to point that he must have his clothes ready for he is to head out early. The silence that follows is nearly deafening, and her spirit is nearly crushed when he sees the look on his face; not sad, but dispirited. \"Your father has only the best interest for you, my son.\" It's all she can manage to really say, though she knows that the words bring him little to no comfort. It breaks her. His only response is to nod solemnly. His eyes are elsewhere, and the faint buzzes from the nightly bugs are all that fill the void of wretched silence; so she tries again. \"You know, your—\" But something stops her; the sound of feet grinding against the dirt in an abrupt motion startles her into a daze, and she is left with the sight of her only son looking, for all the world to see, like something is quite literally on his shoulders. His eyes are screwed shut, and his fists are clenched, and, if she peers closely, he is shaking ever so slightly. \" Mother, \" his tone is laced with finality, but the ferocity is what worries her, \"I wish to be a samurai..!\" And it's in this moment, that Kameyo truly finds out the determination of her son. It's a breeze that hits her like the autumn winds. Her throat nearly clenches, she is ashamed that she cannot feel anything else but an overwhelming sense of guilt. He is waiting for her approval, of all things, and she doesn't know how to handle such situations. \"Why can't father see that? See that I am not.. I can't just… I don't want to be just a fisherman. \" His voice is desperate, at his wits end and for someone so young. \"I don't want to be forgotten; I don't want my story to end, mother.\" In their culture and customs, it is absolute weakness for a man to cry; and she thanks the heavens that her boy is only that, a child. Her lip nearly trembles at her son's distress. \"Hanzo… Hanzo look at me.\" He does so, and she drops the cloth ruthlessly into the bucket of water, uncaring for the state of its' cleanliness. She wipes the stray hairs from his face, beckoning his gaze to her. \"Oh, my son… your story will never end.\" He doesn't understand, but he does nothing to indicate that fact. He's always been a dreamer, and by the heavens he swore that one day... one day he was going to be something. Not just what he is , but beyond what the eye could see. Whenever he traveled to the village to sell fish, and as he spun tales purely from imagination and improvisation, people would always give him strange looks; but there was always that one person that would look on in wonder, and through that connection, the young boy knew that he isn't the only one made from stardust. He wants to make a name for himself; he can feel that there's something out there, waiting, and the excitement gets to the point of absolute itchiness beneath the layers of his skin. But the fact is that his eagerness for grandeur isn't solely for him. It's for his entire family, but for a young man his age, he can't help but wonder if it's part of the reason nobody can take him seriously. Kameyo slowly strokes her son's cheek, and she offers a very small smile. \"Do you want to know what it was that stopped Akhiro from his pre-destined fate? What it was that even a mighty warrior like him was no match to?\" She can tell the confusion from her son's brown eyes, wondering why she would bring that in an intimate conversation and hesitantly, he nods. \"It was love. \" It's as if the sadness and heartache from before dries right on the spot, and he tilts his head in even more confusion and, to her surprise, indignation. \"L- love? What kind of lame out turn is that?!\" Perhaps not the wisest choice of words, as he has no time to duck the oncoming thwack on the back of his head. \" Ow ! What did I do?!\" \"Young man, love is not such a strange concept! Love is what brings families together – it is the very foundation of people!\" He rubs the sore spot. \"Yeah but… love ? How did love stop someone like Akhiro?\" He confirms now more than ever that he is indeed, just a child, and Kameyo cannot feel anything but undulated warmth for her son. \"He had a choice to make; his heart, or his destiny.\" For Hanzo, the choice is an obvious one, but given the strange and wise gleam in her mother's eye, he has a gut feeling that maybe .. just maybe he still has much to learn on what it really means to be something greater. But the thought sits in the back of his mind like a disturbance, and he wants desperately now more than ever to just be right. He wants to ask his mother about his father, about his dream , and what the story of Akhiro has anything to do with him besides posing as entertaining lore and why she felt the need to bring it up out of seemingly nowhere. But almost as if the heavens themselves have had enough of their entire conversation, thunder is heard. Both figures nearly jump, and his mother seems to have said something, but another, more frightening thunder booms even louder. \"It seems the heavens aren't too keen on this night,\" he manages to hear his mother, \"come, Hanzo. Dump the pail of water and your butt inside. I don't want you getting sick. You have fish to sell tomorrow.\" And as he does so, a random jab nearly blinds him in his left eye. He rubs the nuisance until his eye gets slightly swollen and watery. His mind goes to a wonderland of stardust and warriors when he slumbers. ","Summary":" (precursor) the two strings 001 (Listen to my tale; listen well. If you must blink, do it now. Pay "},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Between the Lines","Author":"Asidian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12127698","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Notes: I watched this movie this week and knew coming out of the theatre that I was going to have to write at least one fic for it. Hope you guys enjoy. o/ Between the Lines After \"the end\" comes the autumn, with long nights and red leaves and the start of a new story. This story is about a young boy and his elegant, kindly grandfather. It is about a boy who never knew his father, and whose mother passed away in an unfortunate blaze started by festival fireworks. It is a story the boy tells himself, and that the villagers tell each other, and that they all tell the boy's grandfather. It is a story that hides no sharp edges beneath the warmth of the words. (Almost no sharp edges. Blink, and you will miss them.) The story goes something like this: Beyond high, craggy mountains and deep rushing rivers, far from the bustling streets of Edo, there is a village. Until this summer past, it was a small but lively place. Now half of the houses are hulking skeletons of ash and char, and the lumber for the ones struggling up to replace them is pale and new. The people of the village are industrious and determined, and so no one will freeze when the winter snows set in. Families will share spaces until the spring, to make certain no one is left out in the cold. (Two people will be left out in the cold.) This village has a storyteller, a one-eyed boy with a quick tongue and quicker fingers. He spills wondrous tales from his lips, and he makes his shamisen sing, and he conjures fanciful beasts of paper to leap and dance in the dusty streets. His name is Kubo, and he is a conscientious boy. Like all the others, those clever hands grow calloused from hauling lumber, from smoothing wood, from toiling to raise a village from the ashes. (Some nights, after he has fought all day to restore what his carelessness destroyed, his hands crack and bleed. He feels that this is deserved.) Kubo lives with his grandfather, beyond the village, in a cave carved out from a jutting cliff that overlooks the sea. He is a dutiful grandson. As he did for his mother in her times of illness, he prepares the meals, and kindles the fire, and keeps the hard stone of the floor swept clean. In the evenings, Kubo and his grandfather speak of simple things: the new village bell, and how they mean to see themselves through the winter, and what tales Kubo has concocted to charm the villagers. Sometimes, Kubo's grandfather asks to hear stories of his daughter, whom he does not remember. Kubo smiles for him – a small, crooked smile. Then he plays the shamisen for his grandfather's ears only. He tells tales with no monsters or legends, but only a woman – brave, and strong, and loving. Sheets of paper in navy and silver craft her delicate form, and in his words she comes to life for a few precious hours. (When the tales are over, the paper falls back to the ground. Kubo waits until his grandfather has gone to sleep before he allows himself to cry.) By all accounts, Kubo's grandfather is a great man. He passes out sweets to the village children, when he can afford them, and he aids in the rebuilding effort as often as his tired old body will allow. He dotes on his grandson, and will tell anyone who cares to listen how clever the boy is, and how talented, and how giving. When he is in high spirits, he likes to spread a cloth along the rocky ground beyond the cave's mouth and spend his evenings gazing up at the moon. \"It fills me with peace,\" he tells Kubo once. \"A sense of belonging. Won't you join me?\" And Kubo joins him there, beneath the heavy white round of the full moon. (He sits on the very edge of the cloth, heartbeat loud in his own ears. Until the moon sets, he finds himself counting the steps it will take to reach the Sword Unbreakable, should he need it.) The cave they call home holds few memories of days been and gone. The sandals by the wall belong to Kubo's grandfather. The soup they drink each morning is tangy and sharp with extra miso, as his grandfather prefers. Even the flowers that Kubo brings to brighten the space are arranged with his grandfather's spare, stately aesthetic. But on an outcropping of rock along the cave's wall, two figures of folded paper stand, and they are Kubo's. The first, a monkey, stares soberly out at the world. The second, a samurai with armor like a beetle's carapace, holds a bow in one hand. They rest side by side on the shelf, close enough to touch. When Kubo tells his tales, he does not use these figures. They remain on their pedestal, still and silent, as though the boy wishes them to be part of the audience. Yet sometimes, they move. At night, they camp inside a tremendous paper whale, and sail a ship made all of leaves, and sit beside a paper child to share a meal with him. At night, when Kubo dreams, they walk again. (And on the nights when the dreams are nightmares, Kubo finds them ruined in the morning, broken and tattered scraps of paper on the floor.) The end. Truly, the end. There is no heroic battle to bring this story to a close. It is about a different kind of bravery – about moving forward, and leaving the past behind. (It is about things too painful to leave behind.) The words of this story are gentle things; they wind their lazy way out like the dying rays of a sunset, golden and warm, before it gives way to a moonlit sky. They tell of family, and of happy endings, and of just rewards. That is all. (Blink, dear reader. It is a better story that way.) ","Summary":" Author's Notes: I watched this movie this week and knew coming out of the theatre that I was going "},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Kubo and the Moon Child","Author":"Wake Me Up When It's All Over","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12171100","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"If you must blink, do it now.\" As his words echoed through the square, all heads turned to him. Even as the notes from his shamisen faded, he struck up a new tune, the paper swirling around him. \"Pay careful attention to everything you see, no matter how unusual it may seem. If you look away - even for an instant - then our hero will surely perish.\" The townsfolk crowded around him as they listened eagerly. The boy began to tell his tale, captivating his audience as they watched the paper come to life, folding to reveal exquisite battles, heroes, and monsters that fell apart as quickly as they came, flickering past their wide eyes. He drew the pick against his shamisen. His music was filled with vitality, a wild energy. As all attention was drawn to him, and as all moved to him, a single girl was left behind, sitting quietly at the edge of the marketplace. Her face was hidden by the wide brim of a blackened straw hat, long dark hair streaming down her back. White hands emerged from a kimono that brushed her ankles. The girl's feet swung a little as she stared at the crowd surrounding Kubo. She sighed, unheard beneath the boy's rich voice. Then, silently she eased herself off her perch, leaving unnoticed amidst the storytelling. As she vanished into a nearby street, Kubo's voice rose to a crescendo. \"And the dragon rose into the air!\" he cried. \"Glowing a vicious blue, there was no escape. Our hero reached for the sword, desperate... ...and then took off his armor.\" A collective gasp arose from the townspeople. He continued, still strumming, \"He tossed it all aside.\" Golden paper that had once been donned by the miniature boy now unfolded, collapsing at the hero's feet. \"Instead, our hero took off his bracelets, mementos of his parents...\" Kubo continued telling his story. The one he finally had an end to. \"He released his parent's souls into the river, where they could finally rest in peace.\" As Kubo strummed the last chord, the townspeople erupted into cheers. The old woman approached him, grinning from ear to ear. \"You did good again,\" she praised him, cackling. Kubo laughed, ducking her attempts to ruffle his hair. He nodded, watching the people disperse. He was happy - recalling the past, even if it was sad, made him appreciate his time now. Then he caught glimpse of a familiar figure. He squinted, staring. Then his eye widened. The boy took off, leaving the old woman behind. \"Hey! Wait!\" she called out, but amidst the growing sound of the marketplace she remained unheeded. Kubo sprinted past the traffic, skidding to a stop in the middle of the street. He turned, searching. Another glimpse of the figure was caught before he lost sight of her again, but he knew she was heading into the woods. He followed her, finally catching up. \"Hello, Kubo,\" the girl said, her head bent low. Kubo tensed, waiting, Although she was definitely smaller, he recognized her profile - it was exactly the same as his aunt's. \"Who are you?\" he demanded. The girl tilted her head, her hair swaying. Her voice carried an undertone of uncertainty as she replied, \"But you followed me. Is that my fault?\" It was the reluctance, hesitance that confused the boy. Still cautious, he stepped forward, asking, \"Are you afraid?\" The girl shifted. As she looked up, Kubo gasped as he saw on her face a nearly exact replica of the mask on his aunt's - white skin with narrowed, dark eyes lined with dark shadows and red, pursed lips. He had no doubts - she was definitely connected to them in some way. He held his shamisen in front of him, ready to strum if necessary. The girl saw the motion. \"I'm sorry,\" she said carefully. The girl raised a hand to her face, pulling away the mask. Her skin was pale, but not as white as the skin he had once caught sight of around his aunt's mouth. Her eyes were a light hazel… no, her eye. Kubo hadn't noticed before, but when the girl had taken off her mask, her bangs had fallen forward, almost covering her eye patch. Instinctively Kubo's eye was drawn to it. He spoke, horrified, \"What happened to you?\" The girl sighed. \"Nothing more than what happened to you, cousin.\" Kubo took a step back. His eye narrowed. \"Cousin?\" The girl hesitated before saying firmly, \"I seek my grandfather. You made him mortal, please, let me see him.\" The boy shook his head. \"Wait,\" he said, \"Why did you call me cousin?\" The girl tilted her head, seeming to think. \"I believe,\" she said at length, \"that one of my aunts was your mother? The one who became mortal?\" Kubo stared at her. \"Grandfather?\" the girl prompted. Finally he began to lead her to his home at the cliff, his mind still reeling. Eventually he thought to ask, \"Okay... so what's your name?\" She shook her head. \"I wasn't given one,\" she murmured. It was silent as they walked up the stony path until she offered, \"But I inherited my mother's abilities, much like how you inherited your mother's...\" They drew even with the opening of the cave. \"Kubo?\" Both children whipped around as they beheld the elderly man who walked out of the cave. The moonlight made his white hair and skin seem even paler, like a spirit. The boy walked forward, helping him to the girl. \"This is your granddaughter,\" he introduced them. The old man smiled, looking sheepish. \"Is that so..?\" he mused. \"I'm sorry, dear girl, I'm afraid I can't remember.\" The girl smiled in return, seeming happy. \"It's okay,\" she said warmly. The man laughed softly. \"Would you like to stay the night?\" he offered. Kubo looked startled. Then she threw him a pleading expression, to which he relented. They kept the old man company until both he and the girl fell asleep. Kubo then sat at the entrance, musing over the unexpected encounter. He remained that way for a while. \"Why is she here?\" he thought to ask himself. He was silent, the moonlight reflected in his eye. Then, over the crashing of the waves below, the boy heard a rustling sound. He turned to see the paper from his bag soaring out, orbiting the cave. Luckily his grandfather remained asleep, but the girl tossed and turned, her expression fearful. The scene was reminiscent of his mother, when she had slept. Kubo hurried over. \"Wake up!\" he whispered. \"It's just a dream!\" The girl's eye flew open, the paper falling to the ground around them. \"Kubo,\" she murmured. A tear leaked out of her eye as she hugged him. \"It's all gone, cousin,\" she hissed softly. \"What's all gone?\" he asked, bewildered. The girl shook her head, pulling away. She looked up at the night sky and sighed. \"I guess now's a good a time as any to say,\" she muttered. The girl turned her gaze to him. In the background, their grandfather snored on obliviously. The girl pulled on her hat, tugging the brim low over her face. Her voice was ashamed as she spoke. \"When my mother… and our aunt went after you and your mother, I was left with grandfather in the heavens. He was so strong, strong enough to stand against any who dared steal the moon from us.\" Kubo inhaled. \"But I defeated him,\" he said, his eye wide. The girl nodded. \"I was… I was alone. I wasn't strong enough. There are others in the heavens besides our family, and I was not strong enough to stand against them. Our palace fell.\" Her voice shook. A tear glimmered on her cheek. \"What did it look like?\" She looked at him inquisitively. \"The castle, I mean,\" Kubo corrected himself. The girl smiled a little. \"It was beautiful,\" the girl murmured. She looked around, and pointed to the shamisen. \"May I show you?\" she asked tentatively. Kubo made a face before picking it up and strumming it a little. \"I guess,\" he agreed, handing it to her. Her hand glowed a cold blue as she raised it. Shaking her head at the pick Kubo offered her, she strummed the shamisen gently. A dark blue paper and a white paper folded together, forming spires and arches of the castle. Light blue papers folded themselves around the structure, creating delicate trees and gardens. Lastly, three black papers formed his aunts and the girl. \"We lived together with grandfather,\" she murmured. A white paper folded itself into the old man. \"But then my mother and our aunt left to seek you out. I never saw them again.\" The sisters refolded themselves into magnificent gates, upon which the paper girl and paper man braced themselves against. \"They were so strong - when grandfather left -\" The paper man abandoned the girl, who reached out a hand as he soared away. When the paper man flew above their hands, he collapsed into a piece of paper that drifted, unheeded, to the ground. The paper gates burst open, folding into a massive wave that overturned the paper girl. \"- our castle was taken,\" she finished. \"I hid in the garden as they ransacked the castle, and just barely escaped.\" The little paper girl cowered atop a tree as the black wave ensnared the spires, slicing through the arches. As the carnage continued, the little paper girl crept away. Then the entire scene transformed, the girl stumbling as stars floated in the air, a moon overhead. The little paper girl held out her hands, and a small piece of paper folded itself into a hat. She placed it on her head, then sat down, pulling it low. \"I looked for you for a while. I didn't know where you were. I'm… so glad I found you.\" The girl's voice broke as the little paper girl collapsed into paper squares. Kubo eyed her nervously. \"You… aren't mad your mom and aunt were killed?\" he checked. The girl laughed suddenly, her mood swinging in an instant. \"Oh, not at all. They were very cruel,\" she told him. The girl glanced at their sleeping grandfather. He was turned over, snoring loudly now. \"So was he,\" she said musingly. Her eye narrowed a bit as she tilted her head. Kubo reached out for his shamisen, which she gave up amiably. \"My own instrument was stolen,\" she said wistfully, staring at it. The boy strummed the strings lovingly, causing a small bird to fold itself from a light green paper, which fluttered it's wings slightly as it hopped nearer to them. Laughing, the girl reached out. The bird hopped onto her arm, tilting it's head. She mimicked the action, then whistled. Kubo grinned. Strumming the shamisen, a lively tune filled the cave, more birds folding themselves into existence. In the green cloud of fluttering birds the girl stretched out her arms, spinning. She whistled simultaneously, the two of them creating a symphony of sound. Then the girl turned somber, slowing. \"Did I tell you how I lost my eye?\" she asked tentatively. Kubo shook his head, stilling his hand. The birds unfolded into a neat pile of green paper. The girl tilted her head. Then she said thoughtfully, \"I guess I'll tell you tomorrow morning. It's getting late - day is already hard to deal with when I have enough sleep in the first place.\" \"Deal with the day?\" Kubo said in confusion. The girl made a vague gesture. \"Creatures of the night, are burned by the light. Creatures of the day, fear the the darkness's way,\" she recited. \"My mother's words, at least on that, prove true.\" She tucked herself back into bed, leaving Kubo to pick up the papers. For a brief moment, he grumbled, resenting it. Then he slept. ","Summary":" \"If you must blink, do it now.\" As his words echoed through the square, all heads turned to him. "},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Night of the Oni","Author":"Literaturefangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12212427","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The moon was full that night. The night a cold one, producing a thick fog that shrouded the land as its inhabitants slept peacefully. Until a shrill screech pierced the silence. The disturbance causing the flocks of birds comfortably roosting in the trees to scatter to a safer place, free of the noise that had woken them. On the grounds below, walked a monkey and a giant humanoid beetle holding a lantern, accompanied by a small boy. Their chatter one of the only sources of sound on an otherwise quiet night. \"You're a grown man Beetle, the least you can do is put on a brave face and not scream in front of Kubo.\" Monkey chided Beetle for his cowardly ways. Walking through the hazy and unsettling atmosphere was bad enough as it was. They didn't need frightened screams on top of it all. \"That twig breaking startled me, it wasn't my fault!\" Beetle defended his outburst by placing all the blame on the object that had caused it. \"Just try not to step on any more, OK?\" Monkey asked with a tone that sounded like her patience was wearing thin. \"Yes! I can do that.\" Beetle acknowledged Monkey's suggestion with a confident smile, returning to his usual optimistic demeanour, making Kubo smile at his resilience. The three continued their journey throughout the night, only slowing down when the fog rendered their path too unclear to cross. A decision that would prove to be a grave mistake. They had already faced a giant skeleton and a sea of monsters in their journey, but despite his brave warrior spirit, Beetle couldn't help but feel a little apprehensive. He wished he could walk close to Monkey for reassurance, but after what happened earlier Beetle knew from experience that she would not be open to it. Which left him with another option; Kubo. \"You know, if you're scared Kubo, I'm here for you.\" Beetle disguised his own fears by showing Kubo his support. \"I'm not scared, Beetle.\" Kubo told him. Not the answer that Beetle was hoping for. \"Oh. You're not?\" Beetle responded with surprise. He had underestimated the boy's courage. \"But you will be!\" An ominous voice announced from the cloud of fog ahead, two horns penetrating the murky substance as a hideous fanged figure stepped out. \"What is that ?!\" Kubo's voice rose at the sight of the monstrous being that towered over him. \"An Oni. Evil spirits that spread disease and cause disasters.\" Monkey spoke. Her skill in recalling her husband's stories, suddenly becoming a very relevant and valuable asset. \"That's not so bad.\" Beetle remarked, staying positive and overlooking the obvious threats. \"They also eat villagers.\" Monkey finished her sentence dryly, a talent she had perfected. \"Oh.\" The danger of the situation finally dawning on Beetle. Gripping the Sword Unbreakable in front of her, Monkey ordered Beetle to take her son to safety, \"Take Kubo and run!\" Obeying her order, Beetle plucked Kubo up and carried him in his arms, heading away from the fog. The gigantic Oni observed this as it happened. Not bothered at all at the sight of his fleeing prey. \"You move fast, insect. Perhaps you can be of use to me!\" The Oni faded away and reappeared at Beetle's current location. \"You already have horns on your head. How about I give you some fangs to finish the look?\" The Oni clutched Beetle's chin and imbued him with magic, causing his teeth to grow and protrude from his mouth. His skin turning a bright red colour and the white in his eyes degenerating to a sickly yellow tint. Now in the arms of a transmogrified Beetle, Kubo screamed with horror and jumped out of his arms, dashing towards Monkey. \"Monkey! Beetle's one of them!\" Kubo pointed towards the rapidly approaching Beetle. \"I need to borrow this.\" Monkey lifted Kubo's shamisen from his shoulder and charged towards Beetle. The bug himself was ready to fire the killing shot, with his bow strung and fingers on the verge of releasing the arrow. Perhaps it was his compassionate spirit rising to the surface that made him hesitate or maybe it was his new ghoulish personality that wanted to perfect the shot that would end his prey's life. Whatever the reason, it was fortunate for Kubo that his decision had been delayed. \"Monkey! Be gentle!\" \"For Beetle's sake…\" Kubo winced as Monkey struck Beetle hard with his shamisen. The impact sending him crumpling to the ground, unconscious. \"Don't worry, it's not broken!\" Monkey shouted across to Kubo, but that was not what Kubo was worried about. Returning to where she had dropped the Sword Unbreakable, Monkey once more faced the Oni with fierce determination, but the Oni was unconcerned. \"Answer me this, monkey . Do you really think you can defeat me, simply because you defeated my minion?\" The Oni asked in a cocky manner, fearing nothing from the lowly creature he believed monkey to be. \"Yes, I do. Now it's my turn to ask a question. Do you know why people leave monkey statues to ward off Oni?\" \" No .\" The Oni humoured Monkey with a reply, curious to hear her answer. \"Because you don't mess with the monkey!\" Monkey jumped into the air and sliced the Oni in half with the Sword Unbreakable, making the nebulous Oni ripple away into nothingness. Rushing toward his mother, Kubo congratulated his mother for the Oni's defeat. \"You did it! But what about Beetle?\" Kubo reminded his mother, turning her pleased expression into a sheepish one. When they found where Beetle had fallen, Beetle was still laying on the ground, unconscious from the blow Monkey had given him. With the caster of the spell now eliminated, the Oni's magic was slowly losing its effect on him, as his eyes returned to their normal colour, fangs receded back into his jaw and the vivid red skin faded to its normal ruddy hue. \"Wake up, Beetle!\" \"Say something!\" Both Kubo and Monkey shouted in an effort to awaken their friend. \"You look nice with the moonlight shining above you…\" Beetle complimented Monkey with a groggy voice. \"Say something else.\" Monkey refused to accept the compliment. \"Uh… my head hurts?\" Beetle corrected his answer in a half joking way. \"That's better.\" Happy Halloween! I hope you enjoyed my festive Kubo story. ","Summary":" The moon was full that night. The night a cold one, producing a thick fog that shrouded the land as"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Drink like a man, Beetle!","Author":"Literaturefangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12176558","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Is it just me, or is it hot out here?\" Beetle asked and wiped the sweat from his brow with his hand. The journey to Hanzo's fortress, following the setting sun, though beautiful was proving to be a hot one for Beetle. Whose thick exoskeleton offered little in the way of temperature regulation. \"It's just you.\" Monkey downplayed Beetle's concerns. It mattered little to her, whether Beetle was hot or not. Her only concern was getting Kubo safely to her husband's fortress to retrieve the Helmet Invulnerable; one of their only defenses against her family, determined to hunt them down. \"What about you Kubo? Do you think it's hot?\" Beetle asked hopefully, expecting the boy to take his side. \"No. I think it's fine.\" Kubo answered honestly, disappointing Beetle with his answer. To deal with his discomfort, Beetle would let out a moan once in a while as they walked, sending Monkey's eye's rolling, but eliciting sympathy from Little Hanzo who turned his sword into a fan to cool down his friend, to little effect. Time passed and Monkey's patience dwindled, because of Beetle's intermittent moaning. Tolerating no more of his complaints, Monkey sighed and informed Beetle of what her acute hearing had picked up. \"There's a stream up ahead. We can take a break there.\" Arriving at their destination, Beetle raced towards the stream. Disregarding any social etiquette, Beetle dropped down on the ground and dipped his face into the stream to cool it, gulping down water while he was at it. Giving Kubo and his mother the impression of a dog lapping water. All Kubo could do was watch, while Monkey stared at Beetle disapprovingly. Turning around, Beetle noticed their faces and asked, \"What? I was thirsty!\" \"You also used to be a man once or have you forgotten how to drink like one?\" Monkey reminded Beetle with a cutting remark. \"Of course not! I was cooling my face and drinking at the same time. It's more efficient that way.\" Beetle tried to justify his actions. While Monkey and Beetle argued with each other, Kubo approached the river bank. Kneeling down, Kubo scooped water from the stream and drank it from his cupped hands. Never one to miss her child's 'accomplishments', Monkey noticed this and praised her son, while simultaneously targeting a certain insect with bad manners. \"I'm glad I taught you better, Kubo. At least one of us, knows how to drink like a normal human being.\" \"That's not true!\" Beetle interjected with a raised voice, making Kubo laugh. ","Summary":" \"Is it just me, or is it hot out here?\" Beetle asked and wiped the sweat from his brow with his h"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Premonitions","Author":"MHS0501","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12201437","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So basically, this is a prequel to Kubo and the Two Strings about how Sariatu and Hanzo came to meet before actually meeting. I hope it's to your liking! She was barefoot, her geta resting behind her. A soft breeze whispered unintelligible words in the night and suddenly the hum of the crickets song cut short as she sucked in a breath, and her eyelids split open into soft, brown almond pupils. In the midst of where she stood, there was an eternally full moon barely touching the lip of a massive, jagged cliff. The dark rocky surface was bathed in the silvery light of the orb balanced in a star studded sky. She narrowed her gaze at the mountain that loomed far in the distance, dry trees swirling in blue and purple shades with the winds that seemed to grow louder. Her eyes then lifted to the main subject of which her father ruled with no question. In her many centuries of following her father's orders, she'd come to loath the ever present light which invaded her dreams and ensured they as well as her would always be carefully watched far from the blinding rays of the sun. Her older sister Miyuki had figured out their fathers tactics for monitoring their lucid dreams when she stared hard into the surface one night, only to find the glow of his eyes within the web of craters. What he did with the information collected Sariatu did not know and did not bring up the matter although there were many nights where it would've pleasured her to tell the old man off and allow her dreams to remain hers and hers alone. There were, however, nights where The Moon King, as her eldest sister Harumi had taken to nickname him, was simply too occupied with his right to rule and destroy those who opposed his reign as a powerful god. Through decades of practice, the youngest daughter had learned how to detect the subtle signs of her being watched not only through the moon, but through the wind as well. While her mind orchestrated their own fantasies for her to achieve in her dreams, her father held the the power to manipulate them- if only slightly. It was enough to make her pause before she performed any actions that would indicate suspicious behavior. The moon was only the first sign of her father. The next sign was the very wind which billowed through the air and sky, scattering the paper-like scraps and blossoms around the gravel surface and far into the nether regions even her broadest imagination couldn't fathom. If the wind blew smoothly and most telling: innocuously, Sariatu hardly needed to look to the moon for guidance. If harmony prevailed even within her control, there was no telling how strongly The Moon King monitored her escape from reality. But if there was chaos; sweet, unpredictable chaos in the gusts from far away, it meant there was no control. No order, and no one to make it so. From her peripheral vision she squinted at the swirl of a maple leaf as it took flight. At first, it was smooth sailing, the purple glow from its wooded birthplace surrendering to a subdued maroon. But then, a burst of cool air shoved the leaf along its path, curling and rolling in uneven patterns until it got caught on the strap of her geta. Sariatu smiled softly at that leaf. Her father was strict enough that even a single particle of dust out of order would result in a fuming rage felt for days. Those days were equally painful for the three daughters and the mortals down below who quaked at the storming skies that disrupted the pureness of the night. Taking confidence in the first night alone in weeks, she lifted her arms slowly and rose into the sky, the gravel leaving a great cloud of dust in its wake to settle as imperfectly as she pleased. With what powers she possessed on her own, she twirled gracefully and embraced the warm summer air, taking in the endless domain of stars that twinkled around her. Of course, this was one of the few nights which her sisters would've taken advantage of the peace, and ensnared the stars in their nets of black and provide an easier time doing who knew what. Oftentimes, they would cover the moon as well, knowing what their father couldn't see, couldn't hurt anyone. But Sariatu relished the light she received in the darkness of the night more so than her sisters. That wasn't to say she would dare enter the mortal world in the burning rays of the sun, but there was always a larger part of her that held curiosity for what the light could show her that darkness enshrouded. Most of all, it was a sight hazard. When in motion, ground or sky, she couldn't see the beauty of the world below with a still, ink blackness sliding seamlessly over everything. What existed in her dreams were things she somehow knew neither Harumi or Miyuki thought of in their increasing levels of control: the porspect of the world she couldn't be part of, as a goddess. And while she willingly followed her father's will as much as her older sisters did, in the remote (and uncommon) privacy of her dreams were the true possibilities explored, out of her families wandering eye. There had been hundreds of dreams consisting of simple life as a mere peasant on the ground- fantasies of a family with a beautiful stranger whom she would never see beyond his back. Her almond brown eyes scanned the purple forest, looking along the endless ocean of quivering oak and maple for any signs of what she'd dreamed of the night before, and the night before that. She would always encounter him in different ways. Sometimes, it was through the shimmer of his steel sword as he defended his village and namesake with honor and justice. Sometimes, it was as he rode his horse along the marked rural pathways. Sometimes she spied him when he bathed in the river… those were special nights indeed. In the months that she'd begun to dream of love, the very same man always appeared: Broad shouldered with sleek, black hair, and wielded a sword and bow with such precision she knew not even her father held in his millennia of training. He was a samurai, born to defend those close and attack those far. She didn't even know his name, and yet she couldn't explain such a feeling of connection to him. Sariatu knew from the first time she laid her truthfully empty eyes upon him she could never tell her father, and her sisters were varying shades of gray. Whenever she spied upon him, she'd made certain her father could never see what she allowed to happen in her dreams. To her father and her sisters, love meant weakness. The only trouble was, Sariatu didn't exactly understand the definition of love. She'd never felt it for anyone, as far and long as she'd known in centuries of existence. But this samurai was a secret of hers she knew she had to hide. Whatever she felt for him, and whatever she knew of love, there was a correlation between the two that couldn't be easily denied. Rearing down towards a dip in the purple treetops, the light of a campfire burned bright beneath the blanket of stars. She saw his figure sitting on a falling log, and a strange device perched upon his lap. Wafting into the dark shadows, she maneuvered carefully through the twigs and branches of the trees, unable to make a sound in her dreams to alert the man of her desire that she was watching him from afar. As the goddess leaned in closer, the robes of her kimono pouring over the branch she settled upon, the device perched upon the soldiers knee uttered a single note. Instantly, a red maple leaf swirled from the canopy to the space before the samurai, and appeared to become sentient. It was almost like a form of magic. Realization flashed across her pale face in the light of the small fire. She had learned of a such a force before- a shamisen that wielded magic to manipulate the nature her family was supposed to control. Her father had long dismissed such a powerful weapon as a myth until it was used against him however many centuries ago. It was the one thing capable of removing their immortality… what made them above the pitiful humans beneath their domain. Sariatu suddenly felt a sense of rage boiling beneath her ghostly white skin as her mortal form began to shed itself like the curling shell of a cocoon. The almond brown of her eyes receded into hollow darkness. She had to destroy that thing before it destroyed her. \"I know you're up there.\" The samurai lamented and set his shamisen to the side. Instantly the rage melted away at his voice. It wasn't the first time she'd felt her heart tremble at his tone. Her grip faltered, her eyes flashing back and before she realized what was happening her back collided with the grassy forest floor. She brought a hand to her head, massaging the feeling back into her cheek from where it had dented into a pinecone. He stood up, leaving his weapon at the logs end. This made no sense. How was he so lively now after months of only fleeting glances? How had she faltered in a world she controlled? The man sauntered up to her but in her mortal form, she kept her head bowed in modesty. \"You seem to be a long way from home.\" He noticed as he looked her over. She could feel his eyes, beautiful as they must've been, burning into her slumped form as she heated with embarrassment beneath her yukata but said nothing. All the while she stumbled over the question of how. \"You should know better than to talk to me, mortal .\" She hissed, knowing whatever this man had pretended to be in her dreams, he was now her reason to fight. Too long she'd failed to do her part in protecting her family, and the influence of a weapon powerful enough to shake the pantheon was enough to shove her far off the edge. Her eyes swelled under an inky sea. \"I should?\" The samurai questioned incredulously. \"As I recall you seem familiar. I know I've seen you before, but where?\" He continued on with almost a pathetic demeanor of false guessing. She bit back a growl as the darkness that was her power began to involuntarily weep from her fingertips. She was losing patience with this man. Once she ended him, her dreams would be all she could tell her family about. Her father would be pleased. Sariatu turned her head up to glare, and in that moment she felt more mortal and weak as any dream she'd ever had in centuries. The samurai had his gauntlet covered hand extended down towards her, and she gazed upon his face for the first time in her visions of him. And in all her longing she never could've asked for more. His brown eyes were wide with a playful yet remarkably cheesy grin. His skin glowed orange in the small, somewhat distant fire, and the unshaven whiskers of developing facial hair were groomed and guided weakly into a goatee. His silky black hair was tightened in a bun and beneath his armor he looked bigger that the tree she'd fallen from. Her jaw popped open like it was spring loaded. She had never felt so helpless accepting his help to stand as he took to brushing the dirt and grass stains from her yukata. Somewhere between the hammering of her heart, she heard him ask her name. \"Sariatu.\" She whispered quietly, as though the world left her catatonic and gave her a breath of air to choke on. \"A beautiful name.\" The soldier bowed. \"I'm Hanzo.\" Suddenly she prayed to the gods that her father couldn't somehow see her blush. What was happening? Was this what love felt like? Was this such a bad thing? Then her eyes fell to the charismatic man's shamisen. She would obtain that deadly weapon at all costs. She had to or there was no telling what damage this roach could inflict upon her family. Her eyes suddenly shut and involuntarily sucked in a breath. The wind blew a powerful gust, scattering the maroon maple leaves in dancing patterns through the clearing. The man's words quickly faded to indistinguishable babble. The color of the world through her eyelids seemed to fade rapidly. Someone was waking her up. She forced her brown eyes open and gave the man of her desires a cold glare as her dreams faded from existence, and reality began the fast-paced yet arduous march towards waking up in her world. Hanzo… The girl mused quietly. She would remember that name. \"Sister, wake up!\" She heard the urgent voice of one of her sisters as she lazily opened her eyes and turned up to face her. Miyuki was peering down at her as she stirred on the tatami floor. Arching her back, Sariatu barely had time to yawn before Miyuki grabbed hold of her hand and gave her a tug. \"Miyuki, wait!\" She pulled back only for her sister to let go and send her tumbling back onto the plush mat that she slept on. \"What's going on,\" She looked around the empty room, moonlight pouring in from outside signifying that it was nighttime. \"It's the middle of the night.\" \"You know father's most active during the night.\" She frowned at her younger sister who instantly recoiled. \"Something's happened.\" Sariatu concluded emptily and shut her eyes before her mind could illustrate any of her worst nightmares. Miyuki nodded. \"Get dressed.\" She grabbed her not her sisters yukata, but her robes which were tucked neatly in the underfloor compartment she had opened before waking her. The black robes and straw hat that they saved only for entering the world of mortals to assert their authority. \"We're going down there?\" She caught the hat and then the bundle of black as her sister tossed them over. Miykui shook her head and bit her lip. In the light of the moon there was a distant reflection to her seemingly empty black eyes, showing what she still had yet to truly give up despite the fact that she had no eyes, and by their fathers logic no humanity, through her immortality she held concern. It could've been for their father, for their powers… Sariatu couldn't fathom what went on in her older sisters head. None of them ever wore their masks or robes at home, where there was nothing to be hidden. \"I don't know.\" She answered. \"But Harumi has warned me to be prepared for anything.\" The middle sister tossed part of her robe behind her shoulder and revealed the hilt of her sword, as if indicating Sariatu would require it. \"Meet us in the throne room and walk quickly. You know father doesn't like to be kept waiting.\" The youngest sister flew through the halls of her family's castle, her black robes carrying a wind that shunned the light of the many paper lanterns, wisps of thin smoke curling behind her like cresting waves. The throne room was within view and the large doors were held open to the outside, letting the warm summer breeze infiltrate the sacred place where their all powerful father sat and flexed his endless strength even in his ripening old age. Harumi and Miyuki sat on their knees in a straight line before her father, bowed in respect and waiting for their youngest to fulfill the empty pillow on the left side of the room. It was painfully embarrassing to be late to their meetings on any normal mission such as slaughtering the warlords which disrespected him… but it was a whole other level of shame for doing so when it was obvious the matter was so urgent. She reached the throne room and the two layers of doors separating the throne room from the garden slammed shut in her wind. The lanterns above burst with light as Sariatu lowered herself down on her pillow next to her sisters, ignoring the glare Harumi gave her for her tardiness. Her eldest sister had always been wrapped around his finger. The youngest goddess kept her head lowered and bowed deeply. \"I am deeply sorry father.\" She offered no excuses as The Moon King raised an eyebrow from his elaborate throne, but it soon fell. \"You are forgiven, daughter.\" He answered. Harumi straightened up and her other sisters did the same. \"Father, you awoke us stating there was important business you needed to share with us.\" \"I did.\" He cast a nod at his three children. Miyuki continued. \"What do you require of us?\" \"Is there danger to be found?\" Sariatu narrowed her empty black eyes at the man who'd raised her and an empire all on his own. Silence eclipsed the room as each sister made her own conclusion. Her father stood, black mist pooling beneath his feet. \"There is.\" He admitted, folding his arms behind his back. \"And I'm afraid I require much of your help.\" \"Who is the fool?\" Harumi growled menacingly and Sariatu could hear her hand close around the hilt of her sword. \"Whoever it is, we shall make them pay.\" The Moon King held up a hand, silencing his eldest daughter. \"My dear, you mustn't underestimate all foes. You know I never would've called you here if I could defeat this mortal myself.\" \"But father,\" Miyuki interjected. \"They are mortal. What strength could they possibly wield against us?\" He frowned. \"A magic which our kind have foretold for millennia before myself. The shamisen which can bend the laws I have created for the world. With such manipulation of the order of life comes our immortality. If that instrument were to be used against us, we would lose everything we've built together.\" Miyuki let her surprise be known while inky black mist poured from the darkness of Harumi's cape. \"But you said it didn't exist.\" Miyuki exclaimed darkly. \"I know.\" The Moon King answered, tone somewhat annoyed. \"I never thought such a power existed.\" \"But they are mortal.\" Miyuki smiled wickedly. \"And if they are mortal, they can be crushed like a beetle.\" Harumi shared her smile. \"Easily so. With the three of us, there's no way this mortal, shamisen or no, can defeat the daughters of the Moon King.\" The king seemed to disapprove at their cockiness, but the look left him within a pause as Sariatu asked the final question on everyone's mind. \"Father, what is the name of the mortal who wields the shamisen?\" Silence prevailed in the throne room for what felt like an eternity. Her father had made a full rotation of the room before turning back to his daughters and giving them the final piece of the puzzle with which to act. \"Hanzo.\" He seethed with restrained rage. \"The samurai Hanzo.\" A/N Next chapter is coming out shortly![Chapter 2] A/N Here's the much requested fight scene! I originally intended for this to be a oneshot but figured there was more to expand on. Anyway, I hope you all enjoy this chapter and will return for the last one! Barely a breath passed through Sariatu's paper white lips before a burst of cold wind rushed through the throne room. Less than a pulse of time had come and gone between The Moon Kings utterance of the offender's name before his emotions struggled to contain themselves. This happened often enough that none of the sisters moved or showed signs of life in the face of such chilling and earth shattering outbursts. They had long ago become numb to it… at least, when it was so sudden. When a mortal dared interfere with his perfect world, his rage could be felt for days, released in dark, ugly flares. In the Spirit World, nothing was hidden between the little family, including subtle and sometimes unreadable emotions or desires. Such a life had been led for generations of gods and goddesses that lived before The Moon King and with the exception of the few sisterly secrets and the things Sariatu refused to share even in the security of her dreams. This law was followed more for sentiments sake than anything else, her father wanted her to believe; but the youngest Moon Daughter had always been one to peer past the veil of supposed truth. His desire for an honest dialogue stemmed, as she and her sisters had expected, purely as a way of keeping them loyal and in line. Dishonesty and rebellion were mortal feelings and passions- traits a goddess was to be far from copying. And so, the harsh winds of the pantheon roared around his robes, inky black fog scattering wildly before dissipating. The three of them sat complacently, knowing that no combination of words or pleas could stop their father's rage when he burst. This lasted for only a few seconds until a final gust slammed the doors shut again, returning the room to near silence and near harmony. Realizing his outburst, the all powerful god's eyes swelled back to life from beneath the tides of inhuman darkness and he took a deep breath. The lanterns flickered chaotically with his heartbeat and resting pulse. Through the side of her eye, Sariatu could see the tiniest grin on Harumi's waifish features, her soulless black eyes glimmering with a distant and seemingly forgotten sense of joy. It seemed as though she recalled the effects of her father's anger on the world below, and her smile only magnified her stance towards her position. It was almost as if she could see the suffering and misery brought upon the mortals in any form of natural disaster and could see their lives being snuffed out in bursts akin to the many failing lanterns in the throne room. But the emotion disappeared as quickly as it had surfaced from unfathomable depths, and the lanterns, in tune with her father's obsessive desire for harmony, relit themselves. \"I apologize, my children.\" He said wryly, glaring at the ground. Silence prevailed as the three of them bowed, silently acknowledging his mistake and forgiving him, as they always eventually did. \"We understand father.\" Harumi answered quietly, speaking for the three of them as she so often did despite the annoyance it bored to the younger sisters. \"You have not expressed such anger in decades- such an outburst is warranted.\" \"Let us not waste time on condolences.\" Miyuki cut her off before more could be said. \"This is an urgent matter, sister.\" Sariatu nodded in agreement. \"We have a name to follow. I presume you know his location?\" She pressed, her tone echoing the missions importance beautifully. At this, her father seemed unimpressed; almost contemptuous. For a brief moment, her stomach churned. It was almost as if he was taunting her to answer the question she'd just asked. It was almost as if he somehow knew. The heavens stilled for what felt like an eternity in the family's silence. But this emotion faded into the cascading ripples of wrinkled skin, leaving only the dying coals with limpid disappointment. \"The samurai came to possess the shamisen at a young age. It seems that whatever form of magic he wields disturbed the balance tonight. The magic is still weak enough, so I can pinpoint his location.\" The Moon King silenced them both with an ice cold glare and a voice that sliced like ribbons of glass. \"I saw him in a vision hours earlier. He is in our family temple.\" He concluded gravely. Miyuki released a low growl and Harumi quivered in rage. Sariatu kept her composure, but felt her heart lurch with a beat of life. The samurai was at a temple. Not just any temple. Their temple. The one so sacred only select mortals dared to beg for mercy and a sunrise the next morning whilst the rest of them left offerings of varying degrees of usefulness on designated days of celebration. The one that had been constructed by the Moon King himself to serve as a symbol of his all-powerful reign over the nights sky. There was no level of dishonor that Hanzo could sink to that would warrant him anything less than a brutal death now. \"How do you know he has not gone?\" Sariatu questioned with trembling rage. Her father's eyes shut for a moment, a pulse of energy surging through the throne room as the lanterns again danced with the winds. \"I sense the disturbance now. The longer he remains, the more irreparable his damage shall become.\" \"Then his blood will run the ground red.\" Harumi's tone shook with rage, head crumbling to her knees in disbelief as if the energy was being sucked from her veins. \"We will not fail you, father.\" \"I know.\" The Moon King settled his stance in the center of the trio, hands folded neatly behind his back. A small, knowing grin twinged at the corner of his lips, watching his eldest squirm with desperation to end the threat to their happiness. \"You are dismissed.\" With necessary order, they rose in uniform, each sliding their masks over their features to hide the vicious glares beneath porcelain white skin and ruby lipped smiles, black, soulless eyes peering from behind what they chose to hide from the mortals who feared the unknown that accompanied unblinking pools of black and a frozen, falsely benign smile. They had been crafted to hold no difference, as to show equal importance and balance of power within the Moon Sisters. Floating only inches above the ground, they glided swiftly down the hall towards the garden. Only when their father was well out of physical earshot did the girls resume their conversation. \"Are there any objections to me snuffing his life out myself?\" Miyuki's bone thin fingers curled around her holster, sword gripped in thin, white knuckled fury. Harumi scowled through the mask. \"You're surely not that stupid.\" \"You dare call me stupid?\" Miyuki responded through gritted teeth. \"You were the one to release that damned prince two decades ago because you were-\" A cold, metallic claw roped around her throat, and through the smiling mask Sariatu could only stare at the broken frown and the gasp of air that were easily seen behind the still, unmoving smiles painted on the masks. She bit her lip behind the mask, unable to move in the face of her eldest sister's rage that could easily be dealt towards her with one wrong slip of the tongue. Miyuki almost never learned her lesson with each attempt to bring her egotistic matriarchal sister back down from the heavens to earth, so to speak. This had been the next escapade of what seemed like a thousand where the middle sister provoked the eldest and tensions boiled over into an action-packed battle that would usually end with no injuries, as their immortality refused to grant such things. The chain attached to the claw shivered with Harumi's anger. Through the choking gasps of her sister she seemed to realize there was no point to such a petty argument and the claw released, recoiling itself back into the neatly strung bundle around her belt where the end clicked into the handle of a scythe. Miyuki stared blankly into the stones of the garden as she fell to her knees, hand drifting to her neck. \"Sariatu.\" Harumi snapped her head towards her youngest sibling who immediately straightened herself. \"You will be the first to go. We will follow your efforts to catch the mortal off guard… once he is down, I expect you to make the final blow.\" A moment of strangled silence passed between the three goddesses as Miyuki recovered, righting her stance before joining her sisters inches above the ground. Sariatu wished for a moment that they had not worn their masks- even she was powerless to read her sister's intentions beyond what her cold, black eyes and rigid, stoney frown could portray. It was easy enough to see her expression behind the mask, but what lay beyond the second mask was forever a mystery to her. But the one, simple word that would have granted her the answer she so craved died in her throat. Then a wave of realization passed over her as soft and slowly as the foamed-soaked tide. The question quickly returned in a different form. Why was she asking this? Why was she questioning any of her older sister's decisions? She had only led three missions in the past, all of them succeeding to various degrees. She rarely dealt the final blow to the mortal- such a thing Harumi prided herself in doing so well - or was given more power than her age permitted. She had even been wanting to lead their next mission for months, now. Now. She nodded, bowing lightly in her elder sister's direction. \"I will not disappoint you, my sisters.\" \"Your place on this mission is no more important or serious than the rest of us.\" Harumi answered. \"Remember sister, we are equals in this universe. And down on earth is and never will be an exception. You are still young, and this mortal wields a weapon stronger than any one of us alone. Father sent all of us on this mission because he knew it would take our combined powers to stop such a powerful force. I don't expect either of you get carried away or assume your strengths do not have limits in the world of humans.\" Sariatu cast a nod in their direction. \"I understand what is required of me, and I'm well aware of the dangers.\" With this she stared towards the moon, her father's gaze upon them forever and always, whether they liked it or not. \"I will not let myself fail.\" A moment of silence passed over the three of them before Harumi broke it. \"We have a mission to complete.\" She answered coldly, chiding her youngest sibling for wasting precious time. Sariatu had disappeared into the night's sky before either of her sisters could continue their petty criticisms. She was an all powerful goddess. The guiding light of the moon as her witness, she would not be weak in such a critical moment… not now. She was no mere mortal. She was a Moon Daughter. And no samurai could ever change her blackened heart. Even one as charming as Hanzo. The Temple of Bones was silent as Sariatu slowed her descent towards the earth, the massive full moon blotting away the light of the millions of stars in the sky. The world beneath them was deep in the throes of autumn, a breathtaking sight on any mere day as the crystalline beams shimmered in the shadows of a burning burgundy forest. Stray leaves of various colors twirled in her soft connection with the ground, black mist pouring from her fingertips as her rage simmered in the cool November night. The temple itself was far too quiet as to not arouse suspicion. It was a modest structure of wood and clay tile, the stone grey walls decorated with shrines dedicated to her ancestors who had long ago given up their immortality in favor of a new lifetime among the stars. Stoney eyes of statues gazed into the leaf littered clearing as she marched forth, sword clutched in one hand and scythe in the other. Long, paper-like locks of hair billowed in the shadow of her willowy figure, her footfalls not breaking the peaceful atmosphere as to not only keep herself discrete from the samurai but also to pay respect to her family's temple. Her father would surely disown her if any of the damage caused was of her own fault. Entering the open archway which led into the temple's largest open space, the massive red doors to the enclosed garden swung open with a gentle breeze. Peering with squinted eyes, the trunks and branches of dormant cherry trees sprawled across the blue grass, sheltering it and the cobblestones which ran in a perfectly accurate line to the opposite side of the temple. \"I know you're here.\" She whispered, her voice echoing softly on the walls. The bunches of bloomed potted chrysanthemums shivered in the icy wind of her breath. \"I may be a decent samurai,\" A familiar voice came from behind her. \"But hiding has always been one of my weaker talents.\" Sariatu blanched, lips pressing into a thin line. Her feet circled on the paved stepping stones, throwing her weight into her scythe wielding arm. But the instant her eyes saw the man, she was struck still, pulse halting and breath choking in her throat. As another pause of silence went by she thanked the high heavens for the mask she wore which hid her weakness. There was no denying what she felt now. No, She blinked, dampness swelling in her eyelids. I won't follow Harumi. With that, the metallic claw sliced through the air, spiny phalanges reaching for the samurai's face. Her eyes darkened to black, empty sockets- blind to his humanity. The claw only dug into the grey stone wall of the interior, a cloud bursting forth from the wall and dusting the vibrantly colored flowers in laces of grey dust and sprinkles of pebbles. The goddess growled and spun back around, the claw catching her momentum and swinging with her movement. The clang of metal on metal echoed in the massive hall as the extension of Sariatu's hand closed in a fist around his immaculately sharpened blade. Black mist began to pool around her like the expanding cloud of ink from a threatened squid. The tiniest of confident grins surfaced on Hanzo's face as he took his sword and threw his weight into the sterling silver blade, the connected chain catching the girl off guard as she was suddenly thrown from the ground and up into the air; the wave of links cresting and flicking her as easily as an ant. Her hand tore from the scythe and she was left to smash into the wall, convulsing from the sudden impact and lack of breath. The chain rattled as it scarred the landscape of the garden, the paving stones cracking from the sudden impact. A link snapped somewhere, the tension too much, and the scythe impaled itself in the damp dirt, blade down. The claw itself shivered from its severed limb, froze, and fell to tiny insignificant pieces at the samurai's feet. She watched as the samurai took the shamisen from where it rested snugly across his back, his other hand revealing a pick. Instantly adrenaline coursed through her veins and she rocketed forward, intent on stopping him by any means necessary. She was only centimeters from decapitating the instrument as its neck with her own sword before he struck a note. Instantly, a powerful wave of energy pulsed from him and she was pushed back with a force that could rock the heavens, her boots dug into the soil having learned from her last failure. The sound of the weapon assaulted her ears and she let out an agonizing scream that could have awoken the deadest of souls. Fortunately for her, Hanzo was not immune to the banshee scream and was left to clutch his ears, and squeeze his eyes shut, immobilized where he stood. The shamisen fell to the ground, undamaged. He glared daggers as he stepped over the instrument, leaving it where it lay, realizing such a weapon would be near useless in this fight… was perhaps was it to even the playing field? Either way, he was a fool to doing so. With gritted teeth he removed the sword from it's scabbard and lunged for the goddess, his shadow illuminated in the moon's silver light from the open doors. She quickly blocked it with her own blade, inches from his face, she could see every shard of amber within his eyes. They held not so much rage as they did irritation, as though he had dealt with her kind before. \"What do you want,\" He pushed his strength into holding the stalemate. Sariatu grinned wickedly. \"Your head in my father's hands.\" \"That's a bit much, don't you think?\" He raised an eyebrow quizzically. She released a snarl, not moved by mere humor. \"You have offended my father.\" She stared with unblinking eyes. \"Now you must die.\" With the sentence read, the young goddess released the tension between them and rolled under the warrior's legs, pulsing energy lifting her from the ground. Hanzo was no so easily fumbled by such a tactic and glanced to the moon dial, cracked in the center. A column offered a decent perch. He bounded across the temple floor for the columns capital. With expert precision, he arced his sword in the air and leapt across the gap. Sariatu, amazed at his stupidity and ingenuity, barely had to time to move from where she floated before the muscular man tackled her to the ground. The blade swung down only to be blocked once more. At a serious disadvantage, she wiggled beneath his weight. \"You're new to this aren't you?\" The samurai grinned slyly. Her still, open ruby lips being the only response he received, the ebony haired bounty hunter bucked her knees as she flipped the warrior over her and onto his back. She sprung to her feet and held her sword to his jugular, smiling even behind the mask. She had him poised and ready for the afterlife. Harumi and Miyuki would surely be impressed. \"Any last requests?\" She hissed with a menacing grin. A cunning smile curved up his stubbled cheeks and he delivered a swipe of his leg to her own, knocking her over with a choked scream. She only just managed to pull herself back to her feet before blocking his swing once more. The of connecting blades echoed in the hall as the two swung at each other and were blocked again and again. Finally, faltering on one of her attempts to make a permanent scar on that unfortunately smug face, Hanzo delivered a blow that knocked her into the ground as she spun, face planting into the cracked paving stone. She heard the sound of cracking ceramic. She felt the razor-like shard shift and slice through the bridge of her nose, but no blood fell from her translucent skin. With a chilled bead of sweat she realized the samurai was about to deliver the final swing. Thinking fast, the goddess rolled to the side as the sword only grazed the ground. Throwing her own sword up to swing again, she only met his eyes once more. Then there was a gust of wind that swirled through the quiet temple. She felt the twine around her head wince and slip from its once tightened and precarious position. Before she could release her sword and right her failure, the twine sagged to her neck, and the glossy ceramic broke free from its ties. One piece first over her left eyes, then the next. The pieces descended and shattered loudly on the floor, porcelain white shards scattering across the stone floor. She blinked, as if she'd been lost in a dark cave for weeks and someone had finally shone a torch on her. Her mouth opened, looking at the handsome warrior again. His expression mirrored her own, albeit much more shock whilst she was lost in the universe of his widening eyes. Hanzo stared, a look of stark recognition compounding into a beautifully confused face. He squinted into her eyes, as if realizing something was there. Both of them were powerless in the face of a quickly growing emotion that neither Sariatu nor Hanzo had ever truly felt upon the heavens or the earth. His mind raced. Something was definitely familiar about her, from her pulled back tresses of dripping ink to her pale, papery skin that shone like the gloss of her mask. He had seen those eyes before- in solid obsidian and split almond. The only differences he could find were tied to an orange yukata and the twigs of pine and maple lodged in her hair. There was the scent of a fire, the song of crickets, those same small hands hidden not beneath gloves, but modestly long sleeves. The same girl he'd watched from his nightly dreams for months, who always tried to hide herself only to finally falter and disappear into nothingness this very night. It was his humanity she saw as he lowered his sword. She was powerless to finish the job, weak at her knees as her sword clattered to the ground. He smiled that same, cheesy grin from beneath his wiry beard, eyes shining in her shadow. It was more powerful than anything she had ever seen or dreamt of, his compassion wasn't an illusion of her mind. He then uttered four simple words. \"You are my quest.\" Those words changed everything. And that really was the least of it. At least, that was what she wanted to tell herself. ","Summary":" A/N: So basically, this is a prequel to Kubo and the Two Strings about how Sariatu and Hanzo came t"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Kubo and the Wrath from the Stars","Author":"dobokdude","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12252482","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kubo and the Wrath from the Stars Hey guys so this will be my first Kubo fanfiction. I REALLY loved the movie and I feel sad it didn't make as much money as it should've, but hopefully if you guys spread the word it will do well on dvd. And I also encourage fellow fans to make more fanart, fanfiction, even crossovers so that Kubo's story can live on through us,(especially since the studio Laika doesn't do sequels) But enough nerd rambling, on with the story. This takes place 1 year after the movie. NOTE: Kubo and The Two Strings belongs to LAIKA studios and any characters/monsters from Japanese folklore belong to the Japanese culture. I only own O.C's. Enjoy! Chapter 1 A lone boy hurried through the forest, filling the trees with the sound of crunching leaves. He took a turn down another path, the sound of leaves crunching behind him told him his pursuers were close behind. ''Oh no, I gotta lose them.'' He said to himself. As he kept running he at the same time scanned his surroundings, looking for any place he could hide that wasn't revealed by the Moon's light. Finally he saw a fork in the road, 2 separate paths and several large rocks bundles close together. ''That should do it''. He immediately ducked under the rocks, flattening his body as much as he could into the dirt. Two figures came to the fork, putting their hands on their knees while panting. After a few seconds they straightened up and scanned the strees and bushes. While his lungs begged for big gulps of breath, the boy could only take in small whiffs through his nose so as to not give away his position. ''Where is the brat?'' One of the men said looking at cluster of bushes. He was tall, with a slim but still muscular build and wore a simple yellow peasants tunic with pants. His hair came down to his cheeks. The other was older and shorter, with a more broad build, his hair in a bun and his outfit the same as his companions, but his tunic had the sleeves torn off. ''I don't know, but for a runt he's fast.'' The boy still hiding recoiled at the word runt. Why did people have to keep calling him that? ''Well there's two paths here. That one leads to a village'' The short man said pointing to the left path. The boy perked up at this. He now knew where to go. ''Perhaps we should split up, cover more ground since the brat could've gone either way.'' The tall man said. ''You're probably right.'' The other replied. The boy cursed to himself, trying to think of what to do. Looking down at his hands, he saw they were on top of some pebbles, and that gave him an idea. While both men had their backs turned, he grabbed a handful and threw them in a the direction of the right side path. The two men's eye's shot over to that path. ''There's the brat! Get him!'' The two men raced down the path further into the woods. Once they were gone, the boy sighed and got up, and hurriedly walked down the left, a feeling of relief washing over him. But he didn't dare let his guard down. It was a cold night, and the boy shivered, hugging himself as the wind blew through the trees. Slinging his bag onto his other shoulder, he looked ahead and saw the path lead to a river. '' Finally something goes right,'' The boy thought to himself as he went over to the water. Kneeling on both knees he cupped his hands, reached down and scooped up the cool liquid. He sipped slowly, savoring the numbing feeling the water had on his throat which was burned from running. After taking another drink, he stood up and saw that the path led to a circle of dirt by the river. Going down the path, he saw that in the circle were several stone slabs, with some near the trees around the center ones. ''If this is here, a village must be closeby.'' He then got up and headed over. Kubo was kneeling at his parents grave, his hands pressed together. ''And Kameyo said that was her favorite part of the story too. But that's not all''. He said sheepishly, ''Grandfather had to make a new ointment, because I was in a little accident. Let's just say that papercuts are more painful in certain places than others. It's getting late, Grandfather will be expecting me. I love you both.'' He stood up, bowed, and then picked up his shamisen. As he began walking towards the path back to the village, he heard a twig snap behind him and turned around. A few feet behind him was a boy about his age, his hair was short, he wore a peasant tunic and pants, but it was dirty and had some tears. Startled, Kubo grabbed his shamisen and pick but the other boy put his bands up, ''No wait please, I mean you know harm.'' Kubo, relaxing slightly hesitantly slung the instrument back over his shoulder. ''You startled me.'' ''I'm sorry. I'm just cold, tired.'' The boy's stomach growled. ''And hungry. Is there a village nearby?'' Kubo nodded. ''You don't look well. Perhaps it would be best if you stayed with me for the night. I'm sure Grandfather wouldn't mind.'' The boy perked up at this. ''Really? I don't want to be any trouble.'' Kubo smiled. ''You won't been hopefully.'' The two boys chuckled and headed down the path towards town. ''What is your name?'' Kubo asked. ''Daisuke. Yours?'' ''Kubo.'' That's when Daisuke noticed the eyepatch Kubo was wearing. ''What happened to your eye, if you don't mind me asking.'' Kubo seemed a bit surprised by the question, and for a moment Daisuke thought maybe he picked an insensitive topic. ''I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-'' ''It's ok.'' Kubo said. It's a long story. I wear this because long ago I lost my eye. But I can tell you that it really is the least of it...''[Chapter 2] Hey guys! So I hope with the first chapter you enjoyed the taste because now this is where the fun begins! And feel free to let me know what you guys think in the comments, and I'll even accept story requests. But lets get on with this. NOTE: Kubo And The Two Strings belongs to LAIKA, I only own O.C's. Enjoy! Chapter 2 I shivered, my teeth chattering as I followed the boy, ''Kubo'' up the path to the Torii gate. We bowed and then walked through it, finally entering the village. The streets were empty and it was dark except for a few lit street lanterns. We kept walking, and as we did I couldn't help but take some glances at Kubo's eyepatch. When I had asked him, he told me that losing his eye really was the least of it, but didn't continue after. I understood, knowing that whatever event caused him the loss of an eye was too personal to share with someone he bumped into in the woods at night. As we made it across the bridge that led to the rice fields, I decided to break the awkward silence between us. ''I see you have a shamisen. You like to play?'' Kubo turned to me and smiled slightly, ''I don't just play it, I use it to tell stories.'' ''Really? So you play the music as you're telling the story?'' ''It's even better than that.'' He stopped walking and pulled out 2 sheets of paper, one reddish-orange and the other black. He took the shamisen in his hands, took out a bachi and started playing. Immediately the reddish-orange paper took the form of a samurai, sword and all and the black paper a spider-like monster. I watched in amazement as the two origami creations battled each other to Kubo's music. The blows of the paper samurai's sword and bites of the creature's jaws were perfectly synchronized with the shamisen's tune. Finally the paper samurai thrust his sword into the creature, and it fell limp. Kubo stopped playing and the two origami unfolded back into flat sheets. He put them back into his bag and looked up at me eagerly. ''So what do you think?'' I was at a lost for words at the moment, but eventually I spoke up. ''That was amazing!'' I exclaimed not containing my excitement. ''I mean the magic, and the music. Don't take this the wrong way, but what are you exactly? Are you a hanshin? '' Kubo's smile disappeared and he looked down at the ground for a second. ''Not that there's anything wrong with that, it's just not everyday you meet someone with magical powers.'' ''I understand.'' He replied. ''Almost everyday I go down and tell these stories in the marketplace. Everyone loves them.'' I nodded, looking down at the ground myself. ''Seems like Kubo is pretty popular in his village. I wonder what that must be like...'' ''What's wrong?'' He asked me. I looked at him, and sighed.''Well, let's just say that unlike you, I'm not too well liked where I'm from. People don't think I'm good for much. It's the reason I left. ''It's only half the truth, but I can't tell him, not yet at least.'' ''Do you have any family?'' ''Well yes, but it's complicated. I just needed to get away, to leave those memories behind and create some good ones for a change, and find a friend, because I've never had a true one before.'' I felt a hand on my shoulder and Kubo looked at me with a sympathetic look. ''I understand the feeling. And if you didn't have a friend before, you do now.'' Kubo's POV Finally me and Daisuke made it to my cave, where Grandfather kneeled over a pot of bubbling liquid. ''There you are Kubo, I was becoming a bit worried.'' ''Sorry Grandfather.'' I said bowing. I watched Daisuke do the same. That's when Grandfather seemed to notice him. ''Who is this Kubo?'' ''Grandfather, this is Daisuke. I met him while I was in the cemetery. Would it be okay if he stayed with us for the night?'' Grandfather smiled, ''Why certainly! Come, come the stew is almost ready.'' I walked in pulled out a mat to sit on. I sat down and then gestured for Daisuke to do the same. He hesitantly did so, looking timid. ''Hey it's okay. '' I said. ''I'll look out for you while you're here in the village, I promise. That 's what friends are for.'' Daisuke, moving his hair from his forehead smiled. ''Thank you Kubo.'' Grandfather then handed us two bowls of beef stew, the smell filling our nostrils. As we sat and ate, I was glad to see Daisuke seemed to get more comfortable as he and Grandfather talked about the stars. '' Well Mother, Father it looks like someone needs some new memories,'' I thought to myself, ''And trust me, I'll be with him all the way.'' Unbeknowst to Kubo, a dark figure had been watching him and Daisuke as they left the cemetery. It had followed them, all the way until they got to the mountain. When they went up the figure remained hidden in the rice fields. '' Oh Kubo.' ' The figure thought to itself, '' You let another worthless mortal into your life. No matter, for soon you will see that you cannot deny the power of the night forever. Enjoy this night, for tomorrow a storm is coming… And the Moon King's return will really be the least of it... ","Summary":" Kubo and the Wrath from the Stars Hey guys so this will be my first Kubo fanfiction. I REALLY loved"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Their Story Lives On","Author":"Literaturefangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12176567","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The warm tea poured into the ceramic tea cups as Kubo carefully tilted the teapot to serve his grandfather and himself the nourishing beverage. They had just finished eating the dinner that Kubo had prepared for them—a dish of boiled rice, vegetables and fish and were finishing off their evening meal with a refreshing drink. Kubo and his grandfather had not lived together for very long, but already grandfather and grandchild had grown close to each other and meals such as this one offered them the perfect way to bond. Handing his grandfather a cup, the old man gladly accepted Kubo's offer and was about to press the cup to his lips, until Kubo advised him not to do so. \"It's too hot Grandfather, you have to blow on it first.\" \"Thank you, Kubo.\" The old man thanked his attentive grandson and gently blew in the cup to cool the hot liquid before he had the chance to scald his lips. Kubo smiled at the mistake that his grandfather had nearly made. It reminded him of happier times when his mother had been there to protect him from any threat, even if it was simply a hot bowl of whale soup. But such a memory also made Kubo sad, because it reminded him that she was would never be there to cool his meals for him again, making his smile fall. With his one good eye, Kubo's grandfather noticed this and asked. \"Kubo? Is something troubling you?\" \"Mother and Father. I miss them.\" Kubo said wistfully. Looking down on the floor to avoid his grandfather's gaze and to hide the tears welling in his eye. \"I'm sorry to say, that I don't know anything about them. What were they like?\" \"Mother had a courageous spirit. She was mean sometimes and her cooking didn't always taste very good, but she never gave up protecting me.\" Kubo recalled his mother's heroic efforts in the time they had spent together, with her by his side as his faithful monkey guardian. \"And your father, what can you tell me about him?\" The old man asked, encouraging Kubo to speak further. \"Father didn't always understand everything.\" Kubo said, the memory of his father making him smile. \"But he was a mighty warrior! He was funny and devoted and he believed in me!\" Kubo finished and wiped the tears from his eye. \"It sounds like you were very lucky to have them.\" The old man remarked and smiled at the touching stories his grandson had shared with him. Comforted by his grandfather's reassuring words, Kubo went to the other side of the table and gave his grandfather a hug. \"I'm lucky to have you , Grandfather. Because I don't have to be alone anymore.\" Thank you very much for reading my story! I would love to hear your thoughts on it.[Chapter 2] With his memories swept away and a new life bestowed upon him, the former Moon King was a fortunate man. Surrounded by kindness from his fellow villagers and blessed with the love of his grandchild, it seemed unlikely that the old man could possibly be left wanting for more. But with the absence of memories, came the hollowness of the soul, something which the old man filled by going outside nearly every night to look at the night sky. Was it a remnant of his former identity subconsciously grieving for the loss of his kingdom and his beloved daughters? Or was it the yearning of an old man searching for meaning in his life? As with many things in life, that was hard to say. \"Why do you go out at night so often, Grandfather? It's so cold outside.\" Kubo asked, joining his grandfather on the veranda outside of their home. \"It helps me clear my mind Kubo, but...\" The old man answered, his sentence trailing off. \"But what?\" \"It also saddens me. When the sun sets and the moon is out, the land is shrouded in darkness. The beauty of the land can no longer be seen, and the village once filled with people becomes deserted. It seems lonely.\" The old man told Kubo what was on his mind. As the Moon King, he had been so determined to make Kubo share his cold vision of humanity, but with the situation now reversed, it only seemed fair that Kubo could do the same for him. \"Without the night, we wouldn't be able to see the stars in the sky or the glow of the fireflies. But it's not always lonely Grandfather, when the festivals come and the lanterns are lit, the whole village becomes alive and everyone can see its beauty.\" Kubo consoled his grandfather with his unique way of looking at things, putting a smile on his face. \"When the time comes, we can go together.\" Kubo proposed, pleased at the thought that he had found a way to make his grandfather happy. \"I would like that very much.\" His grandfather graciously responded. And that's the last of my ideas for the post-Kubo movie world. I wanted to explore the amnesiac grandfather's connection to the moon in a harmless, but sad way. ","Summary":" The warm tea poured into the ceramic tea cups as Kubo carefully tilted the teapot to serve his gran"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"And That Really Was the Least of It","Author":"HayaMika","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12160586","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This first story touches on the relationship between Sariatu, or Kubo's Mother and her twin sisters. To set you up for this first oneshot (and any other possible one shots involving the sisters in the future), me and a few friends of mine decided on some \"Fan Names\" for the sisters. Shizu - Shizu is the one who uses the pipe to make the smoke, the one we headcanon as being the \"older twin\" if you understand what I mean by that. Suzume - Suzume is the one who uses the chained weapon (that I am having a hard time trying to remember the name of) and the one we headcanon as the \"younger twin\". Though, for this oneshot, Suzume is using a sword. There's a whole headcanon backstory to this that I won't get into here but you can feel free to PM me and I'll explain it for you! THIS ONESHOT IS ESPECIALLY SPOILERIFIC SO PLEASE AVOID READING THIS IF SPOILERS BOTHER YOU AND YOU WANT TO SEE THIS MOVIE! \"I've seen things... wonderful things... that go far beyond what this cold world could ever offer to me.\" Sariatu said, holding her sword out in defense against her two younger sisters. \"That 'wonderful' world holds nothing special, nothing but pain and suffering...\" her one sister, Suzume, retorted. She was frustrated with Sariatu, how she let love blind her from the hell that lies below. \"Why would you want to live there? There is nothing there for any of us. Up here we have everything and more, why bother with it?\" Sariatu's other sister, Shizu, asked, arms folded under her feathered cape. Sariatu looked between her two sisters, anger evident on her face. \"You two are as blind as father...\" She whispered. \"It is you who is blind, Sister.\" Suzume lashed out, charging quickly towards Sariatu, their swords clashing together. Shizu, too frustrated to even bother, decided to stay out of the fight. As far as she was concerned, Sariatu's betrayal was enough to concider her dead. \"I trusted you!\" Suzume yelled and her and Sariatu fought, swords clashing roughly as each of them dodged and blocked the others attack. \"I looked up to you, you were my mentor and guide with everything I did...\" She continued, pushing hard against her older sisters sword. Sariatu grunted, looking at her sister, looking into the mask that hid her sisters real face, hid the real emotion that she felt. \"You were the best, you were the brightest light that we had...\" Suzume whispered... Sariatu swore she could feel her sisters stance weakening, each blow her sister pit against her becoming more and more shaky. \"W-we always fought better together... as a family ...\" Suzume got quieter with each word. Sariatu stared at her sister, confused. \"We need you, Father needs you... I-I NEED YOU!\" Suzume released her sword, letting it fall to the ground with a clank. Sariatu lowered her sword, keeping a somewhat guarded stance. Suzume shook her head, pulling off her mask while she did it. She continued to stare down at the ground while Sariatu continued to stare at her with a confused but slightly concerned look. \"W-Why must you l-leave your family?\" Suzume whispered quietly, slowly lifting her face to look towards Sariatu. Sariatu stared in shock, looking upon the face of her younger sister. Her sisters rarely removed their masks, preferring to hide themselves behind them. For the first time in a long time, Sariatu came face to face with one of her sisters, face to face with the dark, nighttime blue eyes that the twins shared. But, the thing that surprised Sariatu the most was the build up of tears on her sisters eyelids. Her and her sisters were forbidden to express emotion, or any feelings towards others, so this level of emotion was almost foreign to Sariatu. \"U-up here, we can c-continue to be a f-family...\" Suzume whispered, voice cracking from the tears she was holding back. Suzume stepped closer to Sariatu, and Sariatu's stance got more rigid. \"U-up here w-we could...\" Suzume was cut short by Sariatu. \"There is NOTHING that I want up here!\" Sariatu yelled, lunging forward with her sword out. Suzume was quick to dodge, rolling onto the ground and picking up her own sword with it. \"I am tired of this life, tired of the cold\" Sariatu continued, her sword clashing against her Sisters. \"And I'm am tired. Of. Constantly. Killing. EVERYONE!\" Each blow Sariatu gave pushed her sister harder and harder until her final blow. Suzume was slow with her block, and Sariatu's sword came down onto her waist, slicing straight through her leather armor and leaving a deep gash on her smooth, blueish-grey skin. Suzume yelped out in pain, her hand coming down to press against the wound on her side. She fell to her knees in pain, trying to stop the blood that has already began to form around her fingers. Sariatu stepped back in shock, but watched on. Shizu, who had been quietly watching her sisters fight, finally stepped in, pulling out her sword and swinging it in front of Suzume to block any possible attacks on Sariatu's end. \"You have done enough. First you betray your own family, now you hurt us.\" Shizu yelled out. Sariatu continued to look at Suzume, hunched over in pain. Sariatu swore she heard a sob escape her younger sisters lips. \"You want out so badly? Then GO! Leave this place! But be warned... this won't be the end...\" Shizu growled, bringing her sword out in front of her in a fighting stance. Sariatu continued to stare for a few moments, looking at her sisters. Shizu was still as a statue, allowing for her seriousness to be visible even without having to get a look at her face. Suzume has since raised her head, and Sariatu could see a few light tear tracks glowing on her cheeks from the light of the moon. With one final glance, Sariatu ran. She ran as fast as she could, leaving behind the last thing from her old life. Despite what she may show, she really did care about her sisters. She didn't want to leave them behind, she wanted them to come with her, to find a new life... But... Sometimes... people won't change... and there's nothing that can be done about that...[Chapter 2] We get to know the family dynamic between Kubo and his Mother very quickly in the movie, and honestly, I love it. Kubo, despite his worries for his mother, always seems to keep a smile on his face while helping his Mother with her daily tasks. And I love how the movie handled her illness. They didn't make her look \"weak\", if you get what I mean. Yes, she struggles with memory loss, nightmares and many other things. Yet, they do it in a way that is graceful and doesn't make her look like a weak soul. She's so strong and I love it. This next fic touches on something involving her memory loss. I really do hope I wrote this well... I tried my best to do research before writing. If something doesn't seem right, please feel free to let me know so I may rewrite this. Thank you! P.S. I'm sorry its so short! ; - ; The sound of the nighttime bell could be heard over Kubo's story, signaling his time to head home. Kubo moved quickly, collecting his things and making his way through the groaning crowd of people. \"Sorry guys, I've gotta go. But feel free to come back again tomorrow!\" Kubo yelled out as he rushed quickly to the bridge out of the village. As he ran, he worried about the state his mother could be in. More often than not, he can find her in the same place he left her earlier in the morning, but there have been times that he found her collapsed onto her side. These nights always seemed to be the worse, the nights that things were more foggy than usual for her. Those were the nights where he felt totally useless, like he couldn't do anything for her. The nights that he so desperately wished his father was still alive, to ask him for guidance. It almost always drove him to tears. He continued his way up the hill towards his sea-side cave home, taking a sharp turn towards the entrance. When he took the turn he was expecting to find his Mother sitting there by the entrance, just like he left her. But when he saw her, he noticed she was standing and staring around with rapidly moving and anxious eyes. \"Hello, Mo-\" Kubo started, but his mother was quick to cut him off \"Have you seen my son?\" She asked him as she rushed over toward him. \"Your what?\" Kubo asked, hoping he had just heard her wrong. \"My son... he was supposed to be back by now!\" She said, her voice rushed with worry. \"Mother, I'm right here...\" He said, carefully taking one of her hands in his. \"Huh?\" Kubo's mother started, really focusing on Kubo's appearance now. She began to look him over, stopping on his eyes. \"But my son... he... he has both of his eyes...\" She said. Kubo felt his heart sink into his stomach. She... She can't recognize him at all. He was at a complete loss of words, honestly. The only thing he could think to do right now was to play along with her... \"I-I think there might have been a boy coming up this hill from behind me, I can wait for him with you if you'd like...\" Kubo asked, staring into his mothers distant eyes. She didn't respond and Kubo carefully guided her back into their cave home, sitting her down right by their firepit. He began prepping some rice to eat for dinner, igniting the flame below the pot and bringing some water to a boil. Kubo watched his mother intently as she continued to stare out the cave opening, waiting for something that will never come. There were plenty of nights where his mother has forgotten his name, forgotten pieces of her stories and so on. there was even a time where she forgot who she was and how she got there. But Kubo was able to quickly jog her memories. This, though... This was new. Kubo continued to think on and prep dinner, pulling a few bowls out and placing them by their usual eating spot. As he was grabbing some chopsticks and cups for tea, he could hear the final nighttime bell from the village go off in the distance. Suddenly, his mother gasped. She was up on her feet shortly after, quickly scrambling towards the cave entrance while muttering something under her breath. \"Wait!\" Kubo yelled, quickly standing up and following after his mother. \"I've got to find him... Kubo!\" Mother yelled out. \"Mother! I'm right here! Please!\" Kubo yelled out while he grabbed his mothers wrist to hold her back. \"No I've gotta go...\" Mother fought against Kubo's grasp on her wrist. Kubo could feel her growing weaker, though. \"Mother...\" Kubo said, voice low. His mother continued to get weaker. \"Mother, please... I'm right here...\" Kubo said quietly as his mother stopped fighting against his hold on her wrist. He stepped around her to stand in front of her. She looked down at him, confused. Silence fell over the two of them as his mother analyzed him up and down. \"Kubo?\" She asked, head tilting slightly to the side. \"Yes, Mother. I'm here...\" He said, smiling up at her while he held her hand gingerly in his own. \"Oh... Kubo...\" She fell to her knees and Kubo was quick and ready to help steady her. Though any attempts to steady her were cut short as she threw her arms around him. He was shocked for second, but quickly snaked his arms around her and leaned into the hug. \"Kubo... please... p-please don't do that again.\" She said, her body shaking lightly. Kubo smiled sadly and hugged his mother a little tighter. \"I-I won't mother... I'm sorry...\" He whispered. He continued to hug his mother for a few more moments before he released her. She sat up a bit, looking towards him. Kubo's eyes scanned over her face and his smile lowered into a frown. Her face was streaked with small tear trails, and her eyes were wet and glassy. He looked up at her worriedly, and reached a hand up to wipe the tears off of her face. \"I'm s-sorry... I just...\" She said, reaching her hand up to wipe at her own eyes. Kubo chuckled quietly and a small smile spread on his face. He stood her up and the two moved to sit down by the fire, finishing up dinner preparations and settling in for a warm night and some family time. ","Summary":" This first story touches on the relationship between Sariatu, or Kubo's Mother and her twin sisters"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"descry","Author":"Ezfa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12202970","Passage":"[Chapter 1] descry chapter 001 It's going to be sunrise soon. There's sharp pain at the base of her hip bones traveling all the way to her neck, not at all relieved by her still raw and healing wound. Waking up is always a struggle, even when Sariatu had been a moon goddess for the majority of her life; she was a celestial being once upon a time, and despite turning over her immortality for love, the moon and its' prowess would never truly be taken away from her soul. An unfortunate thought, but no less from the truth. You would think that after sleeping on sheets for twelve years I would have gotten used to this by now, and heavens does this hurt , it's like I was slammed into a wall — Her thoughts are resolute in flux with her annoyance. But Monkey knows that it isn't the real reason, and it isn't even the fact that a certain someone has one of four of his lengthy limbs draped over like she's some pillow ; it isn't even her insomnia. She almost lost her son; nothing negates the fact and it's as if though she only now realizes this. Her son. Her son , her precious Kubo was almost taken from her and what would she have done if that had been the case? She likes to pretend she doesn't know the answer to that. It's absolutely something she doesn't want to process through her mind, and she avoids thinking what had happened tonight. It doesn't matter, they're here now; Kubo is here now, safe and out of her father's sight. Perhaps not fully out of harms reach and maybe not for a while until they get the armor; but at least for tonight. There's a hardened surface that touches her shoulders, and she nearly kicks the intruder instinctively. What the—? A groan rumbles through her chest, but the source doesn't come from her; Beetle unknowingly squeezes her harder, and all of a sudden, it's too hard to breathe. \"B- Beetle!\" She hisses indignantly, resorting to a harsh whisper so as not to wake Kubo up; the boy is exhausted enough, and she wants him as healthy and alive as he has been for all of her life when he had taken care of her. She doesn't know how much time passes; minutes most likely, but it feels like hours when Beetle nuzzles closer to her and murmurs incoherent babble. It's the last straw before she worms her body around his arms, and is able to land a semi-vicious elbow thrust on his chest. \" Get. O ff—\" Her mouth clamps up immediately when her sensitive hearing picks up Kubo shuffling at their ruckus; she holds in a breath, slowly letting it out as he stops before glaring sharply at Beetle, squinting in disbelief at her dilemma. She elbows him again, as hard as she can without making too much of a hassle. He's elbowed mid-snore, so the first thing to come out of his mouth is a snort and disoriented dribble. \"Who.. Wha-? M-Monkey?\" He looks around, eyes sleepily taking in his surroundings before they land on her. He blinks several times before yawning, and it takes him a second to realize the intensity of her glare. \"Well now, it's very nice to see you too, Monkey.\" Despite his better judgment, he is still a sentient being; being woken up isn't exactly the best feeling in the world. Her frown deepens. \"Hush. The boy's sleeping.\" She pointedly stares at said boy before snapping her eyes back at him, indicating the situation. \"You're squeezing the little life I have left; so stop. \" She notices there's a sudden disapproving glint in his eye at her choice of words, so she tries to derail the direction of her sentence carefully. \"You're too heavy and you snore like a wild boar.\" Wriggling her body to indicate further how he has her stuck, it takes Beetle a moment or two to snap out of whatever trance he's in before he lets her go, mumbling a small 'sorry'. She turns away from him, facing the ceiling of the cave, but her eyes do not close shut; she already gave up on the notion of sleeping about fifteen minutes ago. Her side aches and she isn't tired, so there's no use in trying; her mind wanders to all the possible outcomes their journey can take. There isn't much time left for her, and they have to make use of that time to it's fullest extent. However, her thoughts are cut short when Beetle's voice cuts through. \"You shouldn't say things like that, you know.\" It's the first time she hears him so serious; not unlike just a few hours ago when he was comforting about her… leaving soon, but definitely more so which leaves her slightly bemused. They've already gone through this, but she can't help but feel that although maybe he was being sincere before, he's showing his real thoughts on the whole ordeal at this moment. Unable to resist the small smirk that etches on her face, her eyes rove over to him. He has a slight furrow to his brow, and her smirk grows just a little wider. \"Well, well Mr. Serious, \" she figures that by throwing his quip back at him, he could relax just slightly, \"why the change in attitude? It's not a big deal.\" Despite herself, a thick lump swells in the back of her throat, but Sariatu is a strong spirit. \"It's a natural cycle. Everyone has their time; mine just happens to be sooner rather than later.\" At this point, she's trying to console herself more than her companion. However, much to her surprise, Beetle's mouth forms a thin line, and she doesn't exactly know how to take that. \"Well, yes, I'm aware of the fact; but still… I...\" She is now more confused than ever, and she voices the fact. \"Beetle, we talked about this literally just a few hours ago,\" she catches her raising voice, and lowers it to a more hushed volume. \" You were the one who told me that-\" \"Yes, yes, I know that...\" She heaves a heavy sigh and raises a brow. \"But?\" She doesn't know what to feel with Beetle acting this way; it's no secret how he is, humble and caring, and all but wearing his heart on his sleeve. It's the sincerity that drives her up the wall however; he hits too close to home and, just sometimes, her mind goes to a place to that of so many years ago. When she gave up her identity as a celestial deity and into the arms of genuine eyes and bright smiles , all personified into a mere mortal with stubble and tan skin. It would be a direct lie to deny that sometimes, Beetle reminds her of her deceased husband. There's a sudden warmth on her cheeks, and she has to shuffle around to get rid of the sensation, but it's only after a moment of clearing her throat that she realizes how Beetle is staring at her; he never did answer her question. \"What is it?\" She murmurs after a rather awkward silence and a mere cough. He has seemed to be in his own little trance, because before he comes to, he had been looking at her like… like something she can't quite place her finger on. And for whatever reason, a tightness coils beneath her gut. \"I remembered… something. \" He says simply, \"But.. but it's gone now...\" His voice is pensive, far away in another world that she can't decipher just by trying to catch his gaze. Monkey… Sariatu had never been the best person to seek comfort from. Humility, sadness, ingenuity and sincerity are all traits that are frowned upon in the heavens; more specifically, the Moon Kingdom, and it's a wonder how she ever managed to bear a son and provide him the warmth of a mother, or as much as she could anyway. So it is because of this, she has no idea how to respond to such a sad and pensive look. She knows that Beetle doesn't necessarily seek comfort from her, not exclusively, but it should be a given at this point that they are allies, and there should be a border of trust around them. \"What… what did you see?\" She murmurs quietly, not caught up in the fact that her curiosity is leading her words more so than her logic. \"I don't… I can't…. B-black? No… I.. it's gone...\" She can't explain how a piece of her heart breaks at the sight of his face; how slowly it contorts from struggling, fighting to remember, to know, only for it to fall into absolute defeat. It scares her more than she likes to admit, and she struggles to swallow; is this… is this what Kubo had to deal with this whole time? Her heart aches at the thought; her son had to practically fend for himself all this time, while her mind was off in some broken remnants of her tragedy's past. But she knows that despite the fact, despite her absence as a mother, her boy is stronger because of it, and it just makes the feeling bittersweet. \"Beetle… I'm sorry, I don't…\" she starts, still not exactly savvy on what the appropriate cues are in this particular situation. \"What… what was it like… for you and Kubo?\" The familiar warmth of his tone does nothing short of startling her once more, and she looks over to stare almost incredulously at him. His face, as per usual, is almost as curious and sincere as ever. The shock overwhelms her for a moment, unsure if he really means what he's asking or if he just wants to transition away from the topic of him not being able to remember what it was that he forgot. She shifts once more, her eyes darting from side to side of pure habit and thought. After a moment, she clears her throat and orients herself. \"Well, I mean.. we were just by ourselves. I told him stories as often as I could,\" she bites her lip; she can't quite believe her own words, putting herself on a pedestal of some kind as if she actually did something of worth. She may have told those stories to Kubo, but he had been the one that brought her words to life with more passion than she could ever dream of having. \"He took care of me, better than I… better than I could ever take care of him.\" Her voice slightly breaks towards the end, and the shame in admitting such a thing is enough to make her bow her head slightly. \"I hardly remembered them. The stories, I mean; Kubo was the one who… the one who gave my words life. \" He gave my life meaning ; he's my world is what she really wants to say, but she feels that her expression and her tone are enough to convey that kind of emotion to someone even like Beetle. \"What was it like for you ?\" At this, she can't help but definitely glance at him; wide eyes, and maybe gleaming something more than just curiosity, something close to wonder and even hope. She doesn't know what to make of that, exactly. Somewhere, in the back pit of her mind wonders if perhaps he's asking for more than just what he's saying. \"Well...\" her eyes gloss over to Kubo's sleeping form, shuffling slightly from the chill that passes through the cave. He'll be fine, she assures herself, he's much warmer than the two of us, anyway. His father's robe will do the job just fine. \"I.. I was the same as you, I suppose. I remembered… things; I lived in the past, and I couldn't… couldn't see the present. It's like I was stuck in some sort of limbo, a trance. I would only see what could've happened, and not what was going on in the moment.\" It takes all her self control to not let her voice crack anymore than it already has. It's too much, and just admitting her faults made her feel like the most shame filled creature undignified of ever being considered for the role of a mother. It's okay, I have Kubo; he was born from the love I shared and he will always be a much better person than I ever was… my father will not take that away and I— \"But Kubo was my anchor. He kept me alive more than my father or my sisters ever could.\" There's a moment of comfortable and understanding silence; but it all it takes is a few words to tumble her upside down. \"...And Hanzo?\" It's like a hard punch right in the abdomen; even her breath nearly escapes her as her mouth quivers before snapping shut. This time she doesn't resist the urge to look away again, though, it's out of pain more than anything; pain at the fact that her and Hanzo's lives together hadn't lasted so much, not in retrospect. She remembers his face, his smile, but it hurts her more than anything to admit that, despite how strong their bond had been from love and trust , it almost felt that because of his absence in her and Kubo's lives, that Hanzo didn't really belong in the picture. And she hates herself for thinking like that. Despite what anyone would peg him for, the monstrous but gentle bug realizes that somewhere along the lines of their conversation, he has made a terrible mistake. When Monkey doesn't respond, and turns away from him in a very curt way, his own face contorts into a confused frown. He knows that his words must have hit a nerve, because the way she stares off in the manner she is doing unsettles him immensely; it isn't because he's afraid, or even because he's afraid he hurt her feelings, but because this just proves it to himself that, for whatever reason, he truly doesn't belong. It's a thought that unnerves him and, unknown to the two people that have gotten to know him much more than anyone ever has, even sometimes brings him on the verge of panic. He's lost count on the many nights that he hasn't slept, wondering, hoping, praying that a miracle would happen; that the truth would hit him like a brick and his past would be revealed. Beetle, as sure as his heart beats strongly beneath his thorax, can't stand the thought of being any more alone than he already is, but even he knows that maybe… maybe he just has nowhere to go. Although several feelings are getting caught in his mind, bits and pieces hitting the dense walls of his mind like rocks and sand simultaneously making it all that much harder to focus , he can't form the proper words to say anything of comfort; how can he, when he can't even comfort himself. However, he's Beetle; he has to try. \"Monkey… I'm sorry, I didn't mean to.. to...\" He nearly recoils in uncertainty when she lets out a shuddering breath; for a second, he's torn on, quite literally, engulfing her in an embrace that only he would do like he does with Kubo, or to stop talking. He settles on the latter, knowing that the primate would most likely resort to swatting him away rather painfully. \"Don't...\" she doesn't know how, but she can tell that Beetle winces at her sharp tone, but her gaze is soft as she looks at him once again. \"Don't worry about it. It's okay; you're curious… but perhaps.. perhaps this isn't the best time.\" Her mind is already elsewhere, already on Kubo and her father and just how exactly they're going to get out of this mess and keep her son safe, so her gaze drifts away. Though sleep doesn't quite catch up with her, she's exhausted enough to want to close her eyes, if only for another hour. \"I know.\" Her heart jumps for some inexplicable reason at those words; like they're familiar and transcending , but she can't place her finger on it. \"You need to get rest; I think I've kept you awake long enough.\" He laughs at that, and for the billionth time that night in their conversation, she doesn't know what to say, and especially not when he turns away from her to sleep. Monkey doesn't see the pensive look on his face when he turns. But she can feel something has changed; like he's trying too hard to be the good and sincere guy and she can't explain why it doesn't sit well with her. \"… Goodnight Beetle.\" But, she decides as she licks her lips, eager to the get the taste of dirt off, it's better left alone. Much to her dismay, he says doesn't respond. The absolute excitement and promise shines through Kubo's eyes, and she cannot deny the warmth that fills her heart when he reveals that he knows the whereabouts of the helmet. Her fur is completely disheveled, and having only gotten a mere few hours of sleep in itself is not a problem for her; but it doesn't make the morning any less tolerable. And, much to her exasperation, Beetle seems to have wormed his arm around her once more. He's too heavy, and she isn't at all pleased that the extra weight nearly takes the air out of her, especially when it's so close to her wound. She mutters at him to get off and her gaze travels to the boy as he happily begins stuffing paper Hanzo (though reluctantly) in his pouch; he had the same habit with the charm she had given him. But some of his words capture her attention, and her ears are immediately perked. \"Wait… Kubo, did you say a dream?\" She feels Beetle's eyes on her, but she pays no attention as her mind is reeling with too many thoughts. Her own eyes desperately search for her son's. Kubo, having almost been blissfully oblivious to Beetle and Monkey's state and having exclaimed come on, this way, it takes him a solid second to turn back around and face her. He doesn't quite understand why her face is nearly astonished, of all things. A monkey she may be, but he knows his mother well enough that something is not sitting well with her, and his smile falters almost completely at the fact. \"I.. yeah? A really vivid dream too! A blind old man showed me; I saw it and—\" He had been in the middle of making various hand gestures, even going so far as to take paper Hanzo in his hand and waving him around for dramatic emphasis. However, his mother's frown is what stops him dead in his tracks. \"Kubo… you need to tell me everything.\"[Chapter 2] descry chapter 002 It's almost as if Kubo's words emphasize the pain her wound emits, resonating all the way throughout her body. The sensation isn't at all welcome; but it's the only thing she can register as he explains to her, in his own sweet and naive Kubo way, what exactly it was that he saw in his dream. No matter how much her boy speaks, however, no matter the strong and determined, almost pleading glint in his gentle eye as he speaks to her, she can't seem to register anything else at his earlier choice of words to describe the prominent figure in his 'vision'. A blind, old man. Something in her doesn't sit well with that. Her boy keeps talking, and it hurts her just a little bit to see on his young face, such a familiar expression of growing disappointment for each second she doesn't acknowledge his words with so much as a nod, rather than a stony stare. Even in her broken state, when she had been off staring into the sky's abyss, she at least registered when her son was visibly upset, so it's nothing short of painfully clear right now . Like his hope was failing, and it was always because of her ; it had always been because of her. It takes her a second to regain her composure, and even another second to realize that a few moments have passed with absolute silence because of her lack of a response. Kubo is looking at her expectantly, with a strange combination of hope and forlornness, his mouth set to a wavering thin line and his brown eye gleaming with near tears and wonder. He needs her approval, needs to know her assessment of the situation; he's done something extraordinary, and with now having her mother sentient and sane, he can have her support. Even Beetle is looking at her with such an expression; an innocent bystander in this whole mess, and somehow, Monkey gains guilt. She finds her own mouth is, involuntarily, set in a grim line; she breathes in and exhales slowly, trying to recollect herself, to be calm and analytical; he is young, and he doesn't know the real danger that lies ahead in his so called dream, and she can't help but see only red. How dare he try and manipulate her son? How dare he try and—?! Her insides absolutely burn, and she can't help the deep scowl that forms. If Kubo had been any other child, or even Beetle who takes a look of surprise and slightly flinches back at the sudden display of ferocity by his mother, he probably would clench his hands in fear and horror. But he knows his mother; he knows her true nature, despite her melancholy state back in the mountains, he saw glimpses of it through her beautiful and warm eyes. He knows her anger isn't directed at him or Beetle, but something else beyond either of them. And the boy only responds in the only way he knows how. Placing a gentle touch on her shoulder, his soft voice questions her: \"...Mother?\" And that's enough to remind herself that she is a mother; she isn't with Hanzo, and this isn't however many years her elope was, and this isn't her being younger and a time where she was inexperienced as a mother. She is better at this now, she isn't her father, she isn't the Moon King and she'll never be— \"Kubo… we aren't going.\" — and right there, in that second, hurt flashes in his gaze. Monkey can already tell that he's going to try and convince her otherwise, and she's prepared for that; she can practically already hear the ' but mother—!' passing from his lips, his hands just an inch away from making an exasperated and frantic gesture. But just before she or Kubo can both either utter a sound, it is Beetle that speaks up. \"Monkey… what's going on?\" Though structured in the most simplest way possible, it's an insightful question for once; she's surprised that he's able to comprehend even in the slightest based on her assessment alone. His words come out of nowhere, that both of them look his way and then there's a moment of silence. Beetle's eyes are almost burning with such sincerity, that she is prompted to avoid his gaze; of course this doesn't go unnoticed by Kubo. Anything to do with his mother never goes unnoticed by the boy, and he tries once more to call out to her. \"Mother… what is going on?\" And bless him, unlike Beetle's tone, Kubo's voice remains innocent and naive, like a child should be. The way she makes sure it will continue to be until her death. \"Why don't you want us to go?\" But despite her efforts, she should have known better than to think, even in the slightest, that her son would ever consider just staying quiet and do as she says. He has more spirit than that; more spirit than she hoped to ever afford in her long life, because never in her childhood would she have ever hoped to speak to her own father that way. The Moon King, she thinks bitterly, not my father. He was never my father. \"Kubo, please, you must understand… That wasn't just a 'dream'… It isn't- It's not even close— \" Much to her dismay, she can't even form the proper words; she is so.. so… enraged, frustrated and absolutely murderous that she can't even tell her boy directly the sole problem. \"It's trickery; he's trying to deceive you!\" She has to turn away from their gazes, ruffling the fur on her head in almost a very violent manner as she takes a minute to compose herself. Monkey can already hear the unspoken question that rests on Kubo's tongue, and it takes everything in her to not outright growl like the animal she currently is. \"That man you saw? The old and blind man? That, Kubo, is the Moon King.\" She absolutely refuses to say the words your Grandfather. He doesn't deserve that title; and though she had tried to teach Kubo the opposite when she was human, in some foreign and strange attempt to get him to realize his true magical potential, Sariatu detests ever even trying. Just Moon King alone is enough to burn her tongue and boil her blood. \"That vision cannot be trusted, Kubo; I am certain it's a type of trap.\" \"I… I don't..\" Understand… Like the child he is, he can't help but stand there in shock; there is some hurt, but the boy isn't too naive. His mother's words aren't directed to break him, or insinuate he's just a child; it's not hurt because of that, but hurt because for once since this whole mess started (since he deliberately disobeyed his mother) he feels…. l ost. And, surprisingly… it's Beetle, once again, that speaks up. \"Monkey…. Are you sure about this?\" Beetle's words make her turn around sharply, scowl in place. \" Excuse me?! What is tha t supposed to mean? I believe I know my own father, thank you!\" So engrossed in her slight rage, that for just a moment, she fails to realize that the bug doesn't even flinch. She's panting, almost, and she nearly ignores the angry wound throbbing on her side. Though, her hand holds her side in an attempt to stop the pulsating thing; she misses that Kubo notices this, however. \"I… I didn't say you were wrong. What I mean is that… If that was the Moon King, then… where do we go from here ? \" Beetle can't quite explain it, but something akin to pity washes over him as he watches Monkey struggle, juggling with her anger, her confusion, her wound; she may think him a fool, but he's much more insightful than she knows, even if he doesn't realize it. Despite his current position, he frowns, suddenly upset at the realization at the sheer weight she carries as not only Kubo's mother, but as his guardian and as his mentor. She's carrying all that alone, and in that effort, she's being ironically selfish; she hasn't even told her own son of her current wound! He doesn't know why… and he's not exactly sure when, but somewhere along their conversation last night, Beetle had realized just how thickly selfish she was being in her attempt to preserve her son's safety. She can't keep him out of harm's way, and instead of being honest about who she was this whole time, or why she deliberately kept the potential of their magic, she tries to block the sun with a mere finger. Kubo's dream had been the last straw; of all the things not to tell, why couldn't she simply have told Kubo more about her grandfather? \"Where do we go from here? What do we do?\" His words are a challenge, and as if speaking both him and Kubo's minds, both their gazes lay on her once more. \"And besides the fact, how can we go… when you're in such a state?\" That is more than enough confirmation for Kubo that his mother is hurt, and he all but rushes to her side. \"Mother… you're hurt!\" Gentle fingers gingerly touch the side, and he cringes at the angry oozing red. \"Why… why didn't you tell me?\" She is so genuinely thrown off by Beetle's sudden change in demeanor, so unlike when they met him and so unlike just last night... but her anger doesn't subside. Who is he to butt in? Who does this senseless bug think he is? \"It's quite alright, Kubo...\" She tears her glare away from Beetle to look at her son. \"I'm fine, it isn't that big of a—\" \"Monkey, no it's not 'alright'.\" This causes both Kubo and Monkey to look up rather shocked. But Beetle doesn't stop there, and though he isn't yelling, his tone is firm. \"You can't dismiss these type of things like this. Monkey, you can't even stand properly.\" \"What exactly are you saying Bug?\" \"What I'm saying, Monkey , is that maybe we should take a moment to think about what we're doing—\" \" Think? You? That's absolutely rich!\" \"If you would just take a second to listen instead of—\" \"We don't have time and you know that, you senseless, no brained—\" Beetle throws all his four arms up in the air in exasperation, and though they were practically in each other's space with every sentence they threw at each other, it seemed that neither of them had taken note. Neither even notice how so out of place Kubo is in their whole squabble, how he stands nearly in between them glancing back and forth. Their voices are an angry blur and Kubo is torn from brooding in the corner because all this weight is too much for him right now or just… saying something.. anything to make them stop. This hadn't been how he'd wanted the morning to go, not at all. Why doesn't it seem like anything could go right ? Just what exactly was wrong with this dynamic? \"...Um, you guys, why don't we—\" His attempt to interject goes unheard, and though he tries, he can't find his voice to be more louder, or stronger than theirs. It's a fruitless endeavor. But before he can try again, despite wanting nothing more than to lay down, he almost misses the movement in his peripheral. The moment he turns, he's filled with confusion at Paper Hanzo rounding a corner out of the entrance of the cave. Stealing a glance at the raging duo, he hesitates before he manages to slip away, making sure to make as little noise as he could. One last glance indicates that it would be a while before they even begin to calm down. \"Psst… Psssst! H- hey! Paper Hanzo! Where are you— would you wait a moment!?\" The paper ornament doesn't bother looking toward the boy's direction and continues on his journey, despite not getting very far. He doesn't travel much distance before he's scooped up, nearly being squeezed in Kubo's hand, and instead retaliates by hitting… or trying to hit him. They boy doesn't even acknowledge that bit, letting his brow furrow in annoyance and curiosity. For a moment, he deflates. Because what are they going to do? What can he do? As much as he had grown of Beetle, and undeniably loved his mother, he just couldn't stand their constant bickering. Something changed, and though he was absolutely no psychic, Kubo nearly always followed his gut instinct… something was going to happen, and it left him feeling anxious and worrisome. He doesn't like not knowing what lies ahead; this hadn't been the adventure he had hoped it would be. A quest filled with possible carnage against your own family shouldn't have been called a quest at all. His throat aches as he struggles to gulp… I don't know what I'm supposed to do... A shuffling noise brings him out of his reverie, and he looks down only to see paper Hanzo wriggle out of his grip with anything but ease. Before he can speak, however, the ornament is already… drawing something on the ground and Kubo offers nothing more but a confused stare. On the dirt near his feet, a crude map-like illustration, full of various lines and pats. and right at the center is what seems to be a helmet. A pause, \"...the Helmet Invulnerable…?\" His voice comes out more as a whisper than anything, but he still doesn't understand. He licks his lips in concentration as he bends down, making sure his shamisen is set down behind him. \"I don't… What are you saying… ?\" Paper Hanzo seems to overly deflate at his words, shaking his head in exasperation, before puffing his chest out and pointing to the helmet on the ground. He brings his sword in front of him, near Kubo's face in surprise, and then finally pointing to the path ahead of them. Kubo only stares with his one, widened eye, and offers a shrug. \"… The helmet is… errr… just up ahead…?\" It's either his reluctance to actually want to travel, to continue on this journey and keep on bringing misfortune and— or, well, it's still kind of morning, and he hadn't even had breakfast. However, his words did nothing for the origami warrior; finally losing his patience, the miniature warrior displays gestures of frustration. All he needs is a voice to be heard, and the boy is sure he would have screamed in that instance. Paper Hanzo shakes his head, burying it into his hands and nearly shaking with impatience as he jumps onto the child's knee and outright slaps him; it does no damage, and it isn't even painful, but the sheer action causes the boy to be indignant as he sputters, more so in the fact that he has just been physically assaulted by a piece of paper . \"Did you just—? You can't just—! What did I do !? \" In response, Paper Hanzo jumps down from his knee, and begins illustrating in the dirt once again. Kubo rubs the spot where had just been abused, muttering on how that was just plain rude and is he even allowed to do that? Should I tell mother—? As he turns to give the ornament a piece of his mind he finds even more lines and detail, and something in his breath hitches. Taking a more careful look, his brown eye marvels at the detail surrounding the helmet, and his exhale comes out very shakily. \"...surrounded by a village.\" Paper Hanzo nods his head vigorously, causing Kubo to look at the image again. Why does it look so familiar ; what am I looking at?— but something clicks in his head, and only in that second does he realize just how much he hadn't wanted it to, but the words escape his lips before he can even think about it any further. \" My village...\" The ornament jumps in seeming victory, arms raised high. It is now Kubo's turn to deflate, unable to process this new information. His face is as tired and saddened as his mother's. Everything becomes a blur and he shakes his head; he hates this… he can't even feel happiness at the prospect that the helmet is at the center of his own home. His former home, that it had been there this whole time. Had he been… wasting his time? He doesn't understand this, doesn't understand why the helmet is even there or why there had been no indication of it being there in the first place and— Paper Hanzo jumps on his knee once more, causing the boy to flinch. \" Don't —slap me again... \" Had it been any other occasion, he'd have paid more mind to how his voice raised pitches. Paper Hanzo only looks at him, questioning, asking with whatever body language he can provide the unspoken curiosity; what is holding you back ? … and for some reason, it makes Kubo want to cry. He has to look away to collect himself in that second, and offers a weak shrug. He thinks about his dream… had that been really the Moon King? His grandfather? He thinks about Beetle, what this whole journey could possibly offer him. He thinks about the lives lost in his village, his home. But most of all… he thinks about his mother. \"I… can't handle any of this...\" He expects the little warrior to react, and as silly as it is, for him to offer something , to say anything of wisdom. Kubo shakes his head and heaves a sigh. \"What's the point of any of this…? All the damage—\" his voice is caught in his throat, and he has to squint against the sting of his eyes, \"has already been done. What am I doing this for? What does it matter if I'm taken? Maybe… maybe that's how my story is supposed to end...\" In his peripheral, he sees red shuffle, and even expect another slap. But he's so absorbed in his own infernal suffering, his conflict, that he doesn't find it within him to care. But the little warrior makes himself seen, inching as close as he can to his face… and raises his sword. Kubo rolls his eyes and tries to look away, but Paper Hanzo doesn't let him, patting his face with a small hand. And he pokes him on the nose, causing the paper weapon to crunch slightly at the contact. And Kubo stops breathing for a second, and the world slows down. Am I… am I doing this for— \"...me? I'm doing this... for me?\" He says incredulously, more to himself than the small warrior, who nods his head. \"For myself...\" And his own words bring him back to his world; to the reality. His truth came from stories woven from his unwavering spirit, his heart. He doesn't want to lose that, he doesn't want to lose himself. And the Moon King would have to take that from his cold, dying hands. He would not lose himself. It's as if his heart roars with life once again, and his whole body refuses to succumb itself anymore to more suffering, more moping. That isn't him, that's not who he is, who he wants to be. With new found vigor, he nearly jumps into standing position, catching Paper Hanzo as he flails in the air before he reaches the ground. Instead of putting him in pocket, he puts him on his shoulder. \"Alright, then! Let's get to it!\" But first thing's first. \"…. you're infernal .\" \"You've already said that.\" Beetle speaks through his pout; he doesn't need reminding of the various poisonous words she constantly hurls at him. \"You don't need to repeat yourself.\" They're standing away from each other, their argument having reached it's peak about five minutes ago, and like the children they were prone to act as, they stand facing away from each other. \" Hush! Because of you, my child just left like nothing, without my permission and—\" \"Kubo isn't an irresponsible kid; he's better than that, and if that was the case, then why haven't you looked for him?\" \"I know he wouldn't just wander off far away, but that isn't the point! The point, bug, is that you made me look like a… like some babbling monkey in front of him, and now he might not even believe me—\" He cuts her off with a snicker — heh, 'babbling monkey' — \"o-kay, wow, just wow, real mature of you!\" That causes him to turn, ire slowly starting to build up once more. Though their previous conversation on a more… settled note, once they'd found out Kubo had all but vanished from the space, they mutually agreed it would be a good idea to collect themselves. It had only been less than five minutes that they were practically in each other's faces, breaths mingling and he could have sworn she shoved him, but he hadn't noticed. Yet, becoming calm is becoming a near impossible task the more she purges venom with her words and narrowed eyes. \" Hey, wait a second ; how is this any my fault, exactly? Please, enlighten me, this time, would you? Have I entered some strange universe? Some other reality where it's your head that isn't screwed on just right?\" He knows the cost of that statement, but putting his own intelligence down has never been an issue personally, especially not under these circumstances. Monkey only sputters indignantly. Where has this sharp tongue come from? She's about to rip it out if he keeps going and— darn him, he can't just babble nonsense like that! I'm going to kill him, I swear to the heavens above. It's not like Kubo would notice and— \" Excuse yo —\" \" And just so you know! Just so you know, I wasn't the one who lied about who I was., and wait until the last second to set the record straight!\" Despite the resonating, deep irritation he feels, he can't help but shrink away just in case she decides to hit him, or scream. His arms flinch, instinctively and his whole, armed body crouches just slightly enough to prepare for any type of physical confrontation. Anything but the look of sheer nothing on her face. Perhaps he had gone too far, and he realizes that indeed, he had. After a gulp or two, he straightens himself out, and spirits, why do I say such.. such ridiculous things I'm not even supposed to comment about? Why do I even— \"Monkey… I didn't mean… that is to say that—\" Beetle doesn't get the chance to finish; the both of them look towards the sound of a young person panting. \"Kubo!\" He exclaims just a little too excited and just a smidgen of excited. Monkey breathes a sigh of relief, however light, and they both hear it. \" Kubo,\" —but in that same breath, toward the ending vowel of his name, her tone shifts to that of irritation and questioning, \"where were you. Why did you leave? You can't just… just wander off like that… not like that, and not without my say so.\" Beetle sees the boy flinch, but he picks up something; the difference in the air, the way the boy is breathing. Something had changed. \"Mother… I was—\" \" What? What could you have possibly been- what is going through your mind?\" This… this is the first time… the one real time where Sariatu has ever spoken to Kubo in such a way. She has been reprimanding before, of course. Urgent, irritated, even scolding… but not like this, this was beyond motherly, this is borderline angry. And Kubo feels all the confidence and bliss from just a few moments ago begin to slightly wither. But Beetle sees; he sees that her tone doesn't just drip with ire, or confusion, or just motherly worry; but rather exhaustion and sadness. She's tired and borderline on panic. \"Monkey,\" he says firmly, but not authoritative or imposing, but a plea; and Monkey turns sharply, eyes narrowed, but he tries the best he can to convey it in his voice, and in his expression. \"Please… let him finish..\" Monkey's eyes widen, just a fraction, before her expression is calm, but not dismissive. She takes a moment to collect herself and turns to her son. \"I… yes… yes, alright...\" Kubo doesn't miss the knowing gleam in Beetle's eyes, a silent thank you unspoken in the air. \"I know where the helmet is.\" In that same moment, Monkey almost reverts back and is about to interrupt- but he doesn't let her. \" Not where I had said before, Mother… I… Paper Hanzo showed me.\" It only seems like the small warrior manifested before her, and she just notices how perched and proud he stands on Kubo's shoulder. As if to emphasize his words, he points ahead, outside the cave. Both Beetle look to each other, then to the red piece of paper keen on leading the way. \"It's in our village. Mother, it's the village's bell!\" But Monkey isn't sure. She isn't sure of anything much these days… these past few hours. She is terrified. And, bless her boy, it's as if they share the same mind, and he looks to her, pleading and lovingly. He hugs her, and though it is her son, she can't help but automatically stiffen against his hold, unused to such contact from anyone in this way. \"Mother… please, trust me… Trust us .\" And in yourself. Let me put an end to this story, together . She almost fights the stinging in her eyes, and she holds him close. \"Lead the way then..\" she murmurs quietly. Neither notice the longing gaze in Beetle's eyes, even for just that one second. He smiles, genuinely, fully and his eyes glisten. \"Yes, indeed; show us the way to fulfill our quest!\" And throughout the journey, Kubo makes sure to take the appropriate measures to care for Monkey's wound. After a rather slightly heated discussion about her wound and how they should rest just a while more, just to make sure it's completely alright, and her insistence on how she'd be just fine; now come on, we don't have any more time to spare else she'd give him more of that soup he didn't like, they came to a compromise. Final, as it left the boy pouting and his mother smiling in triumph. Their interactions were funny for Beetle, and he made sure that this time, he'd try a little harder just to fit it; even if it isn't real, it doesn't matter. Because whether they realize it or not, he slowly inched his way into their hearts, one way or another. After all, he never liked being his own stormy cloud; he'd rather be sunshine. Oblivious, carefree and Beetle; and that's okay for him. Kubo had made them apologize to each other, or else he wouldn't talk to either of them. \"I can't handle you two fighting; for my sake, let's try to get along.\" And like children, neither wanted to go first. But they eventually did, anyway; and for once in a long while, Monkey had never felt more at ease around Beetle. If Kubo had warmed up to him, so could she. When they arrive, Monkey's nostrils are filled with nothing else but the warmth and the memory of their home; though her and Kubo lived n the rocky cave, high in the mountain, it didn't escape that this was her son's home. She dares to look at her son and is heartbroken by the sight. But he remains strong, and so does she. Nothing had been left but absolute ruin. Deserted and a haunting sight, but in the same moment, all three notice the tower that holds the bell. — the Helmet Invulnerable And just about Beetle is about to declare that he'll jump right up and get it, there's a chill in the air, and Monkey's fur bristles. Something in her gut makes her turn; they had been so lost in their bliss, so lost in their happy venture that she failed to realize how the night had taken over. An icy voice drips from the shadow, oozing with venom and as icy as the frozen lands her and Kubo ventured in from the beginning of their quest. Even from here, Monkey can hear how tightly the wooden pipe is clenched. \"— You filthy lot.\" Her voice is spit through her grit teeth and even with the mask, Monkey has known her well enough when she's about to throw a tantrum. A vile tantrum. Monkey doesn't even acknowledge her with so much as a nod, just narrowed eyes. The witch hackles in mock delight, throwing her head back as if stretching, as if she's here to discuss frivolities. \"Oh, Sister; how lovely to see you... —H E R E !\"[Chapter 3] descry chapter 003 \"Beetle… Beetle; get the Helmet! \" Monkey shrieks. She can hear the clatter of wood of Beetle's bow and arrow, and she tries to reach for her own swords, and yet, before any of them can conjure up any type of reaction, seeping black tendrils oozing malice grip them all with unforgiving force. Monkey hears the smoke before it actually engulfs them nearly whole, but her ire is too strong for her to react too quickly. The witch's laugh enrages her to the point of drowning out the pain from being practically suffocated to really conjure up any other response other than pure loathe , and Monkey growls vehemently. Fangs clench together in anger and pain and resentment that she can't even begin to— \" RELEASE US !\" Her howl rattles the inky tendrils that holds them, a clear indication that at the very least, her witch-sister is shaken up. Good. Monkey repeats herself, more firm, more menacing ; almost as she were the offender. Her fur bristles when she realizes that this very fact makes the witch cackle genuinely; it's a quiet and eerie giggle, one that rumbles from the core and rattles her bones as it bubbles out onto the surface. It makes Monkey very sick, all of a sudden; rage, spite and pure vengeance bubble relentlessly in her tummy, and it manifests into another primal growl. The only thing that's holding the full onslaught of her ire is the fact that her son is right beside her, and though that may not last too long, Monkey wants to prolong the moments as much as possible to form a semi-coherent plan and where's Beetle—? \"Oh sister , dear; how utterly pitiful to see you in such a state. Look at you; a ball of fur barely scrapping for survival. Such a waste, to see the brightest of us reduced to nothing more than what you are now. A weak and emotional fool.\" It's more than obvious, not just by her words, but by the tone of her reeking voice, that what her witch sister is saying isn't entirely true; unlike what her words suggest, she isn't distraught not at all, she's in glee . Her voice comes and goes much like the echo it is; it rumbles through the fallen debris of their surroundings, from the dirt ground beneath them, from the skies above. It cannot be escaped, and it's surrounding all three like a storm. She's always been the more ire-driven of them all; it was a feature that the Moon King himself had even thought too far, and that had her bitter and envious for years ; too destructive, too out of control . Unlike the youngest sibling, the one who'd attacked Monkey on the boat and caused her injury in the first place, this one has always been more driven by sheer jealousy, as opposed to admiration toward Sariatu. \"Why, my heart is in agony ; but it's a sacrifice, a dutiful honor I have to make. You must perish for your crimes, for your sins , dear sister.\" And yet, when Sariatu's downfall came, when she fell in love with a mortal, it was still never quite enough to just hunt Sariatu, was it? No… their father was still obsessed with her, even if he was really after her son, and that had her oozing with vengeance, with raging jealousy; so yes , she was more than glad to take care of her and Kubo once and for all. She brings Monkey a little more forward, Kubo and Beetle are held back and are paid no mind to despite their sounds of distress. \"I'm sure the tragedy of it all just shakes you to the core.\" Monkey spits out an otherwise stale sarcastic bite. The physical pain of it all she can take, but this pseudo-family sentiment her so called family had going never fails to bristle the sharp edges of her resentment. \"If you need a minute to dry your tears, let me know . It's obvious you're indeed aching.\" Her elder sister's sarcasm doesn't amuse in the slightest; her feather cape bristles along with her scowl beneath the mask as she hisses. She won't dignify the remark. \"In the face of your doom as it stands in your face, you joke ; I should expect no less from you. This world keeps tainting you even now, and yet you stand for all to see, as if you're some sort of martyr.\" She unsheathes one of her swords, bringing it close enough to kiss Monkey's neck-fur, and hisses loudly and gets much too close for comfort. \"Traitorous, cowardly, weak scum . You betrayed us, your family ! And for what? Love? What foolishness; you never deserved it. Any of it. \" —It should have always been me! I should have been Father's favorite - Monkey can almost sense it, somehow, that's truly what she wants to say, it's as plain as the stars. Monkey's brown eyes do not waver from the Noh mask, and in any other circumstance, perhaps in another universe altogether , they would make amends like family should. She's never made an effort to truly understand them, to understand their contradicting natures; they speak about family, about belonging, and yet, they know nothing of loving bonds, of relationships, of what it really means to be a family. Sariatu always knew they just didn't understand; there was no method for them to understand unless they had been born imperfect, as she was. Their surroundings are nothing but a blur, and her wound pulsates angrily, surely bleeding through the gauze that Kubo carefully and meticulously placed on her before they took even another step from the cave. \"We were never family; none of you would know the first thing when it comes to family.\" This angers the witch, and she lets out a screeching howl and violently raises her sword. It angers her even more when Monkey doesn't even flinch. But Kubo does, and Monkey curses herself for getting ahead of herself, for letting herself take the bait of this incessant bickering between them when Kubo and Beetle are in obvious peril and she can't afford to be here going toe to toe with her idiotic younger sibling— \"Mother, no!\" The boy screeches in outright panic, not wanting to see his mother perish right before him when he can't do anything; not like last time . \"Leave her alone !\" He repeats it again, louder and louder despite that little voice in his head, his last shred of logic, pleading, screaming into his mind that he needs to be quiet and it's not like she has a lot of time left anyway so what's even the point — but Kubo absolutely refuses to continue that trail of thought further, and so he struggles against the smokey binds, too panicked, too much emotions overwhelming him. The masked witch halts her movements abruptly, and she turns her attention sharply to the boy and it makes Monkey's insides spasm . \"Oh,\" she says simply, and Monkey can swear she can hear that disgusting smirk from beneath the mask. \" Ohhhh,\" she drawls out, humming a deep laugh and it makes all three of them flinch; Monkey more so scowls. \"I.. almost forgot what I came here for…\" An elongated talon is gestured, and Kubo is brought nearly beside her tall form as she calms herself. \"Yes… yes, you are here, dear nephew. You were the one true and pure thing that came out of this whole mess .\" She grips the boy's chin, a sight that does nothing but churn stomachs. \"It's that eye; the very same one that plagued your mother when she was a child. This… imperfect eye.\" Each word that in punctuated is emphasized with a stroke closer and closer to his good eye. \"Get your hands off of him you witch! \" Once again, it is Beetle that speaks up, something he's getting far better at now ; had he not, Monkey would have very nearly forgotten he's here, struggling with them, fighting with them and it's not his fault at all and he didn't have to be wrapped in this whole mess — her mess. But what really chills her to the bone is his tone ; this is unlike anything she's heard him like before and based on the gaze that Kubo gives him, even if slight, makes Monkey aware that this isn't the Beetle they have come to now. There's a stark glare to his face, eyes deep and scorching and angry , protective over the boy almost as if he were— \"— You!\" the witch screeches at him, elongated fingers now curled into tight fists as Kubo is momentarily forgotten; it's a familiar emotion to her voice, the anger, the resentment, but there's a hardened edge that captures Monkey's attention immediately . The sheer vehemence that pierces through the cracks of her voice is unmistakable , it isn't just anger, it's bitterness. Monkey imagines that underneath that wretched mask, her sibling is scowling ; she doesn't know how she knows, but she does. She can feel it. Whether Beetle knows this, however, is debatable but what really surprises her even more despite everything else , is his eyes . They are unwavering; fierce . \"You… ohhh, don't think I've forgotten you!\" — she must be insane - Monkey cannot understand this, and her sibling's choice of words, her sudden bitterness is not answering questions. \"Thieving leech ; I should slaughter you where you stand. This is all your fault !\" The swords , not just one but both of them , are now placed to Beetle's neck in a criss-crossed position and for just a second , Monkey truly thinks she's going to finish him right then and there… Wait… what? — and yet, Beetle still remains unperturbed, more than glad to have her invade his personal space rather than the boy's. He does not respond, only scowls further, but there's a glint of confusion in his eyes despite that. Even Kubo is staring at between her sister and Beetle now; even in this situation, he can sense a discrepancy. The witch howls , and it pierces the air all around them. \"You filthy creature ; I knew that your punishment was too lenient. I knew I should have killed you the second I laid my sights on you that night twelve years ago when my sister and that boy had escaped. How does it feel? How does it feel?! Are you satisfied?! ARE YOU?!\" Beetle's eyes crinkle and his face finally falls into confusion, his eyes no less scorching. \"I… I, wait… what?\" Monkey is much too focused on her own task to truly digest the words; she shakes her head vigorously and tries to gather strength, to try and get her own swords tied to her back, but even she can't help the words that pass her lips. \"What nonsense are you babbling?! Stop playing games; this is between us. Leave the bug out of this, Washi!\" Oh… oh to speak names to celestial deities is not something to be taken lightly; it's too intimate , too familiar and dishonorable. Monkey does this purposefully, and somehow, it feels too foreign , like a dead language that grates on her tongue. She gets the reaction she expects; her sister nearly snaps upright and she almost lets out a howl. But something shifts in the air, and it's like something clicks. Monkey feels it too, and she repeats the words mentally that her sister has just uttered: Your punishment was too lenient. Twelve years ago. Realization dawns on her in that moment. Washi chuckles and it turns to a laugh ; not a cackle, not a giggle, not a chortle. A laugh . Her whole body bends forward, letting her weapons clatter onto the ground as her laugh rumbles through, uncontrollable and just too much. Kubo, Beetle and Monkey can only look on, flabbergasted. It takes a couple of moments before she's able to speak again; Monkey suspects she would wipe tears if she didn't wear that mask. \"Oh… oh.. don't tell me. Don't tell me that you…. \" she laughs again, and Monkey's face forms a deep scowl and despite the truth that she's already put together and creeping up behind her thoughts and heavy on her tongue, her heart roars with anger, with indignation. \"… You have been traveling together, talking with one another, bonding ; and you had no idea this entire time?!\" Her laughing fit only gets louder, and what's terrifying at this point is that despite how putrid the sound of it is, it's sincere. \"That's enough. \" Monkey hisses through a clenched jaw; this doesn't ease her sibling's laugh. \"I don't… I don't know what you're implying but whatever you think —\" And just like that, the witch abruptly stops her heinous laugh and snaps her head to her. \"Oh, dear sister; you already know .\" Her tone is absolutely held together; almost utterly devoid of anything else other than foreboding. With a finger, she brings forward something from Kubo's direction; Paper Hanzo. \"Don't you? You know .\" Monkey shudders and ties to hold back a gulp; Beetle and Kubo are staring now, and this is not the time to be emotional. But despite that, she can only watch in morbid fascination as her sister plays with the red paper warrior, like nothing more than a puppet. She needs to be above this; they need to fight and escape and they can all deal with this later. \" You, \" she speaks back to Beetle, fingers grazing air around Paper Hanzo, heedless to the small man's peril, uncaring. \" —took her, our sister ,\" whereas the first sibling on the boat spoke this term with something close to endearment, Washi practically spits the term with barely held bitterness and mocking gentleness, \"so it was only fitting we took a little something from you. You mortals are so weak; easily broken and malleable. No different than your precious pieces\" rip, \" —of\" crinkle, \"— paper,\" shred. From the corner of Monkey's eye, she can see how Kubo flinches with empathy at his pain. \"The memories only scraped away far too easily after you bled and coughed out you r insides out .\" Paper Hanzo doesn't resemble a warrior, a human, anymore; He's a giant Beetle. Kubo chokes on his gasp. There's nothing but stillness in the air, and despite her best efforts, Monkey's humanness seeps through her eyes as the stinging tears spill. Kubo is shaken and Beetle —no.. Hanzo, is too genuinely shocked to say anything else. His breath is nearly gone and the witch sees this. It's only the droplets that hit the ground that capture his attention, and he turns to Monkey, lip practically quivering, eyes begging… . And Monkey avoids his gaze to glare at Washi. She's angry , furious even; but now is not the time . \"You… you... \" how ironic, now that the roles are reversed; now it's Monkey that's at a loss for coherency, too overcome by emotion. She can feel Beetle and Kubo's eyes, and it hurts her to not acknowledge them; she doesn't want to. Her eyes burn. Her sister only shakes her head in pity . \"Darling sister; I almost feel your plight.\" She holds an arm out, once again targeting Beetle, hauling him forward. \"How do you feel , knowing that this… all of this is your doing, Hanzo ? Are you — finally satisfied to be held within an inch of your pathetic life in the graveyard that used to be your son's home?\" She's enjoying this, every single second of it. With a wave of her arm, she sends him flying against the houses, not caring to be gentle in the slightest; Monkey flinches and her scream is caught in her throat as she forces herself to remain calm; he's a giant, shielded, insect, Beetle will be fine — it's easier to just focus and tell herself that he's still Beetle, not Han — \"Heh… my my , I'm getting just a little too distracted tonight, aren't I?\" She turns to Kubo again, hands shaking in anticipation, in the sheer excitement and victory of it all. \"Hush now; it will all be over in just a second~\" Monkey's heart thunders, and she's about to unleash absolute hell ; it doesn't matter if it hurts, or if she rips her wrist out of the smoky binds— but the very second she clenches her eyes shut, she hears Kubo's scream and breaking porcelain, and the binds become undone on their own. Kubo, her son , is hit and something in her snaps at the audacity. \" GET AWAY FROM HIM!\" With a mighty cry that manages to somehow shake the heavens, Monkey lunges forward, having finally managed to gather her own swords, with intent to kill. Every strike, every hit is a vengeance, a payback —one for her son , the other for Hanzo, and a few more for her. Swords hit and collide harshly, metal sharpening metal; it's a fight to the death. Monkey can feel, in waves no less, the ire that nearly consumes Washi and, had this been perhaps another story with different lore and quests and morals, she would have tried to reason with her. She hisses, and with the mask having been broken, her scowl is all too real and fierce . Monkey wants nothing more than to fling the rest of it off just to spite her. They're face to face, breath beating against breath, two swords against two as they cry out— it takes one second for Monkey to see the flicker of movement of her sister's face; to her wound . She nearly feels the kick, and as she pushes the witch off of her with the haul of her swords, at the very last second she ducks beneath the kick. Monkey's breath is hitched, her adrenaline peaked high as she presses the gauze mercilessly against her side; too much excitement equals too much blood loss. Her gaze wanders quickly to the bell, the Helmet Invulnerable — It's gone. Her eyes widen but her attention is caught to the screech that her sister lets out. She stiffens in a defensive position read to strike; only to find the witch flying across and Kubo with his bachi held high above him with a frightened, but determined, gleam to his eye. \"Mother!\" he cries out, and his gaze directs to his wound; she gestures at him to remain calm but she's hyper focused on everything . \"Kubo… Kubo, the Helmet—\" But despite everything , it's like the edges of her eyesight are becoming blurry, and Monkey finds herself pressing against the gauze tightly , not wanting to succumb to collapsing . Now now, not when they're in the middle of this. But it's too late, and the last thing Monkey hears before she falls to the ground is Kubo crying out to her. Maybe she hears Hanzo too; she's not sure. In that moment, Monkey embraces death. ","Summary":" descry chapter 001 It's going to be sunrise soon. There's sharp pain at the base of her hip bones t"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Ronin","Author":"TheSenjuMan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12272020","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I finally saw Kubo and the Two Strings over the weekend, and it was awesome! Enjoy everyone! I. The Beginning The entire village held their eyes on the young story-teller. \"He's coming,\" Kubo told them, prompting the villagers, Kameyo especially, to turn away and try to hide, all the while holding expressions of worry for the young boy. As Kubo prepared himself for the inevitable confrontation, the Helmet Invulnerable, along with the breastplate, and the sword glowed, radiating an aura of authority and power. \"Grandfather!\" Kubo called out, unsheathing the Sword Unbreakable and peering in all directions. \"It's me, Kubo! I know you can hear me!\" Kubo looked in front of himself and saw the image of a far older man, glowing blue and seeming not of the Earth materialize in front of him. \"So good to see you at last,\" the Moon King, Raiden said, his tone condescending. His chuckles were ominous. \"So to speak.\" Kubo's one eye narrowed at the Moon King; the memories of what had occurred throughout his journey all rushing to him: his mother's sickness, death, the death of his mother a second time, and the revelation that Beetle was actually a reincarnated form of his father Hanzo. The young samurai picked up a rock. \"Seems your mother had reason to bring you to this dreadful place after all,\" Raiden commented, sauntering closer to Kubo. The boy launched the rock at him and Raiden caught it without effort. \"I see,\" Raiden growled, crushing the rock as if it was paper. \"I know why you're here!\" Kubo began, holding the Sword Unbreakable in front of him. \"You finally saw me. That was my fault, I should've listened to my parents.\" \"Kubo, you and I both want the same thing.\" \"You want my other eye! And I know why: because you are old, and mean, and cruel.\" Raiden frowned at the boy's declaration. \"Come now, let us not dissolve into petty insults.\" The god paced around Kubo. \"You see, as long as you cling to that silly little eye, you cannot ascend to me.\" Raiden then stopped in front of Kubo. \"You'll be stuck down here, in this hell, staring at all the hate, all the heartache, all the suffering, all the death!\" The Moon King smiled at his grandson. \"Where I want to take you, there is none of that.\" \"You've got it all wrong!\" Kubo exclaimed. \"There's good people down here. People with happy, fulfilling lives!\" \"Only a cynical person would call what these people have 'lives',\" Raiden sneered. \"I can reunite you with your family.\" \"My family is gone! And you killed them!\" \"Bah,\" the Moon King growled, waving his hand in dismissal. \"They brought their fates on themselves! They disgraced me, they upset the natural order of things!\" \"That is how your story goes,\" Kubo replied. \"And how do you suppose your story ends? By killing me?\" Raiden advanced on Kubo, pushing the young boy back even with the Sword Unbreakable blocking him. \"Is that your wish? To do battle with a hideous monster who ruined your life? To prove your worth, like your foolish father?!\" The Moon King's human form began crackling like the ground during a massive earthquake. \"So be it!\" At this declaration, Kubo witnessed his grandfather transform into a giant, dragon-like creature, flying around in the sky, before the dragon began flying toward him. Kubo scowled in determination and ran at his grandfather with a battle cry, sliding under the belly of the beast and slicing him with the Sword Unbreakable, making the Moon King roar in pain and anger; as Kubo slid to the other side, he could see Raiden flying back up into the sky to once again strike down at him. Kubo ran and jumped as the Moon Dragon advanced toward him, managing to slice his mouth. Raiden, seething in pain, whipped his tail at his grandson, slashing him in the back and sending him crashing to the ground. Kubo quickly got back up, ignoring the searing pain in his back, and attempted to once again jump at Raiden, before he was grabbed. \"You want to be human?!\" Raiden began as he removed the Helmet Invulnerable from Kubo's head. \"Then share their weakness! Suffer the humiliation!\" He squeezed Kubo to the point where the boy nearly lost consciousness. \"FEEL THEIR PAIN!\" With this, he flung Kubo into the forest, near the cemetery, sending the boy flying through the air before he was stopped by hitting the ground. The Sword Unbreakable planted itself in the ground when Kubo crashed. When the samurai recovered, he grabbed toward the famous sword before coming to a halt; is this how he wanted to his story to end? Using violence and vengeance to right the wrongs inflicted on him? Would it bring back his family? Then, Kubo's thoughts came to something else. \"Memories,\" he whispered to himself. If there was anything he learned during his journey, and his short time with his mother, is that the preservation of memories was the most powerful thing one could possess. Kubo heard the low-pitched growls of his grandfather slowly approaching. He grabbed his sword, but decided to re-sheath it instead; he picked up his shamisen and glanced at his wrist. \"This is for you mother. You also, father.\" The strings, not strings, but the last remaining remnants of his parents, were strung onto the shamisen, but then Kubo realized that he was missing one string, so he plucked one of his hairs out of his ponytail and strung it on also. \"Hahahaha!\" Raiden laughed as he approached Kubo. \"Take one last look with that lonely eye this wretched place you call home!\" \"I will not leave,\" Kubo said quietly. \"I know why you want my eye! Because without it, I can't look into the soul of another, to see their love-\" \"EVERYTHING YOU LOVED IS GONE!\" Raiden bellowed, baring his teeth at the boy. \"TAKEN FROM YOU!\" Kubo began playing the notes of his shamisen with the newly attached strings. \"If you must blink, do it now.\" As he strummed out the last note, a wave of magic spread all over the cemetery. Raiden could see the bright lights swarming Kubo, the souls of the departed come to fruition. \"You say everything I love is gone? That's where you're wrong, grandfather. It is my memory; they exist in my memory, the most powerful magic there is!\" Raiden growled at the frustration at seeing the power which his mortal grandson possessed. Kubo gestured to the souls of the departed that surrounded him. \"This! This is what makes us stronger than you'll ever be!\" As Kubo spoke, the villagers who were hiding throughout the duration of the battle stepped out, also gathering around Kubo. \"These are the memories of those we have loved and lost! And..\" Kubo paused, letting a tear roll down his one eye. \"And if we hold onto their stories deep in our hearts, then you can never hope to take that from us!\" The next note that Kubo strummed sent a wave of magic that hit Raiden, sending him flying back a few feet back. Raiden narrowed his eyes at the crowd of sentimentality before him. \"It seems we have reached an impasse, young Kubo. We will have to settle this in a different time.\" \"There is no different time for you!\" Kubo exclaimed, ready to play another magical note. \"Your story has concluded!\" \"That is where I disagree.\" Too quick for Kubo to react, Raiden let out a screech of dark magic, which surrounded Kubo, causing the young boy to cover his arms. \"What kind of magic is this?!\" Kubo cried as nothing seemed to happen to him; caught off guard, the young boy seemed to disappear, to fall within the Earth below him. It seemed that Raiden had opened up a portal of some kind and flung Kubo inside. \"Worry not, young Kubo. We will meet again. But next time, you will not be so fortunate.\" The villagers, surprised at the boy's sudden disappearance, cowered before the Moon King, who began slowly advancing on the frightened populace. Within the void that Kubo was flung into, the boy screamed a distorted, screech, as it seemed that his body was being stetched beyond his limits; the void itself appeared to be nothing but black and white colors, disorienting and hypnotizing, so to speak. Kubo could barely catch a glimpse of the light at the end of the void; where it would lead would remain to be seen... There's my first draft, think I should go with this? Bonus points to anyone who can tell me what this is inspired by...[Chapter 2] Greetings everyone. Yes, I've decided to continue this story, because I felt far too inspired. I hope you enjoy! II. The Samurai called Kubo The city itself could only be described as a few words: unexplained, anachronistic, or even indecipherable. On one hand, the surface held all of the classical features of an ancient road: dirt paths, trees from which blood red petals fell alongside, and onto, the dirt paths, wooden signs carved with the locations on them or even reminders of where one was carved, and even the buildings and other structures still consisted of wood and clay. However, these buildings only belied something that would also shape this city of unknown year: steam. Steam erupted from everywhere; the machines that lie on the dirt paths blew steam all around, including a strange device that would let people cross a certain way by color: red would mean stop, green would mean go, and yellow would mean be cautious. This oddly enough even applied to the next phenomena that this strange setting was used to. The skies of this place were inhabited by eccentric, rectangular shaped constructions that flew around by having steam ejected from the bottom, which would continue to maintain the rectangles' airborne nature. These rectangular boxes held people within them, sometimes one, but other times two or even more. The skies of this setting is where a near blinding flash of light emerged; from the white light fell a familiar, young samurai boy. Kubo felt the wind blowing his hair upward as he fell down to the earth before him. His eyes widened as he was falling from a great height, which must have been estimated to be hundreds of feet into the air. As he continued to fall, he was blind to one of the obstructions approaching from his left. *SMACK* The obstruction crashed into him on his side, the impact lessened due to the famous armor of his father, but send him crashing into yet another set of objects. *CRASH* *SMACK* *CRASH* Kubo continued to be crashed into and thrown across the sky until he managed to fall on the top of one of these odd machines. The young samurai groaned in pain and looked up to see one of the machines with a silver, cylindrical shaped attachment on the front, which spewed out light-based projectiles loudly. Kubo dodged the unexplained, nearly blinding projectiles until one of them grazed his arm. \"Aaah!\" he screamed; he looked at his left arm where it struck, to see a cut of blood dripping. Narrowing his eyes, the samurai pulled out the Sword Unbreakable, ready to do battle with the machine. Dodging and deflecting more of the light projectiles, Kubo leaped toward it and slashed it with one swift motion, breaking it off the steam powered rectangle. This had the effect of sending the rectangle searing toward Kubo, who leaped downward onto another rectangle. Kubo saw the two objects crash into each other and explode, giving him a sense of relief that maybe he would no longe- *BANG* His relief was broken as yet another object smashed into him, this time at his head, which was not as impacted thanks to the Helmet Invulnerable, but still managed to propel him downward, where his descent finally ended when he hit the hard, dirt ground. Kubo could feel darkness clouding his one eye as the pain overwhelmed him, sending him into a state of unconsciousness... Kubo rose back to consciousness, but this time, not in the same place as he fell; his gaze upward, he saw a ceiling of both wooden paneling and silver consistency, with bolts and nuts holding the silver portions of the ceiling in tact. He noticed that he was covered by a blanket, and that his armor was missing. Thankfully, he still had his shamisen and the Sword Unbreakable at the side. But before he could get up and react to his new surroundings, he noticed a silver door opening, emitting steam as it did so. Through the threshold came a women with waist-length brown hair, brown eyes, and a blue kimono, holding what looked to be a bowl of soup. \"I see you're awake,\" the woman said. Kubo looked at her with his one eye in confusion. \"Where am I? What happened to my armor?\" Kubo questioned. \"Is this how you normally wake up?\" the woman asked, a tinge of sarcasm dripping in her tone. Then, she narrowed her eyes at him. \"Who are you?\" \"Not until you answer my question,\" Kubo reaffirmed. The woman placed the soup in front of Kubo and sauntered off to a cabinet that was north of the young samurai; when she opened it, he saw his armor carefully placed away. \"Thank the heavens,\" Kubo whispered to himself. He looked down and grabbed the soup that was laid out in front of him, eating it swiftly. \"Now let me ask again: who are you?\" Kubo looked up at the woman, who had her arms crossed. \"I am Kubo.\" \"Kaede,\" the woman replied, introducing herself. \"You're not from around these parts, are you?\" Kubo stopped slurping and looked back at her. \"What do mean 'these parts'? Where am I exactly?\" \"Dear Kami-sama, you're really not from these parts,\" Kaede said. \"This is Japan, my little amnesiac.\" Kubo shook his head. \"No. What I saw, whatever it was, was not my homeland. This place...this is far different from what I know.\" Kaede frowned and began to exit the door. \"Seems like you're a little delirious. Finish up and we'll try to help you out, you hear?\" Before she could exit out of the room, Kubo blurted out \"I appreciate what you have done, but I must ask: why did you bring me here?\" \"It was not of my volition. If there's anyone to thank, it's my younger sister.\" With that, Kaede exited the room where Kubo resided. As the young samurai was eating his food, he was still plagued with confusion about what had happened during his battle with Raiden. What has happened? Where is my village, are they okay? Outside was covered with grass and a strip of dirt path that led to the wooden, but mechanical house. The land contained around 2 or 3 trees, two of them devoid of petals, but with one possessing red petals. The orange color of the sky was a reminder that it was nearing night time, with the sun halfway peeking out over the horizon. There stood a young girl, about 12 years old, with her black hair in a braid, wearing a white and grey kimono; as she walked around, she was holding and blowing into a small, clay made instrument with twelve holes that, to some, resembled a fang. The instrument crooned out a tune that sounded soothing, like a gentle breeze passing through a tree. The young girl heard the steam of the front door whistle and from the door emerged the samurai boy she witnessed the other day. She looked toward him as she continued playing the little fang instrument. Kubo watched in slight amusement as he saw her playing the odd instrument. \"I've never seen anything like that before,\" he commented, interrupting her playing. \"Well I have, it's just that-\" \"So you're the dude who was doing all that cool stuff!\" she exclaimed, nearly jumping up and down. \"I remember you came from outta nowhere, and then some other dude was all, 'I'm gonna shoot you' and you were all, 'huh, not today' and you pulled out that sword and you jumped and cut that light gun clean off that car! Oh man, it was so awesome!\" Kubo was slightly taken aback by the joyous display. \"Uh, hehe, thanks, I guess.\" \"You probably met my sister already,\" the young girl began. \"Don't worry about her, she can be all moody, broody, and down in the dumps at times. You get used to it.\" \"I see.\" Kubo looked at the instrument that now hung around her neck. \"What is that little thing, anyway?\" \"What, this?\" she replied, grasping the object. \"It's an ocarina. You've never seen one before.\" \"Not where I come from.\" \"Huh.\" A quick second later, she paced around the samurai noticed the shamisen he possessed. \"Wow! You play that thing? So bomb!\" \"'Bomb'?\" Kubo questioned, unfamiliar with the term. \"You know, cool, or, awesome, or amazing.\" \"Alright then.\" Kubo took a deep breath and knelt down in acknowledgement. \"My name is Kubo, and I give a thousand thanks to you.\" The young girl was shocked at the submissive display. \"Whoa, dude? What are you doing?\" \"Is this not the usual custom of giving gratitude?\" \"A simple 'thank you' ought to do it. Now stand back up,\" the young girl replied. Kubo stood back up and dusted himself off. \"Oh, gomen nasai, uh, I never told you my name. I'm Amaterasu.\" Kubo's eyes widened at the introduction. \"Like the sun goddess?\" \"Something like that,\" she said, mischief in her tone. \"You wanna give thanks? Show me if you can play that thing.\" Kubo unloaded his shamisen and started playing a few notes; the notes he played impressed Amaterasu, and she quickly noticed that the red petals falling from the trees began swirling and dancing around Kubo, bringing a sense of wonder to her. \"That is so cool!\" Amaterasu commented, a big smile on her face. \"And that's not even the least of it,\" Kubo replied, a hint of amusement in his tone. In an unknown location, a dark figure wearing a mask that only smiled looked down at the scene before her. \"So, it seems father was right when he said you would return.\" The figure's hushed laughs that rang out were ominous... And there's the second chapter; we now have two other characters in the mix. This fic is gonna take some time, just like the show that inspired it. Read and Review.[Chapter 3] I know, I've been gone for a while, but that was due to Christmas and other things going on. Anyways, enjoy this new chapter. III. The Kunoichi and the Shrine Maiden Nightfall. The time between sunset and the next sunrise. A time period enveloped in complete darkness, sometimes accompanied by cold air. As it stood right now, it was dark, and the air from outside was indeed cold. However, if one were to look up in the skies, they would be greeted with the sight of a very large moon; the moon, majestic in its simple spherical appearance, radiated a powerful, blue light to the eyes of those who reside on Earth, and possibly to any other planets close by. But our focus is not on the moon in all of its quiet glory. Our focus is on the inside of the house that our hero is currently inside, grateful to have been found by two passers-by. Currently, Kubo and the younger girl, Amaterasu, were sitting at a wooden table, with Kubo making the little origami papers he possessed come to life and dance on the table. \"Whoa, that is just...outta this world!\" Amaterasu cheered as Kubo plucked at his shamisen. She then looked at the samurai. \"What are you?\" \"Where I come from, I used to tell stories to my village, just like this,\" Kubo told her, motioning to his shamisen and the dancing papers. \"Everyone would always gather around, just to see my origami come to life and act. But now-\" Kubo paused before his face became questioning, \"Speaking of my village, um, where exactly am I? This isn't the land that I remember.\" \"I already told you that, but to me, it looks like you're not even from this century,\" Amaterasu replied, glancing at the robes Kubo wore. \"You look like you belong from somewhere way back.\" \" 'This century?' \" Kubo repeated. \"Wait, what year is it, Amaterasu-san?\" \"2317,\" she answered. \"So the question is not 'where am I', it's 'when'.\" \"That isn't the only question.\" The two kids turned to the right where they saw Kaede, a serious expression adorned on her face. \"I see you've met my little sister.\" Kubo smiled. \"Yeah. You know, the music you have is way different than the music from my time.\" Kaede sat down in front of Kubo. \"Listen here, I want answers and I want them now! No one simply falls from the sky like you did the other day, and no one has what's in that closet either. Talk!\" She emphasized her demand by pointing at Kubo. \"Kaede-nee-san, lay off of him, will you?\" Amaterasu defended, \"You're treating him like some kind of-\" \"We don't know what he is, sister. For all I know, he could be plotting to kill us or something!\" Kubo sighed; normally, he would object to being so harshly interrogated like this, but considering the circumstances, he felt that they were both owed an explanation. \"Very well, then.\" With his shamisen with him, Kubo began with \"If you must blink, do it now! Pay careful attention to everything you see and hear, no matter-\" \"Get to the point, please,\" Kaede interrupted, with a scowl and irritation dripping with every word she said. Kubo rolled his eyes and decided to skip his usual intro. As he continued playing his shamisen, the origami figures came to life, one in the form of Kubo himself, and another in the form of a dragon. \"In my time, there was a terrible being called Raiden, the Moon King, who was as cruel as they come. One day, he arrived to terrorize my village, and only I had the power to stop him. With the Sword Unbreakable, we fought viciously until I realized that simply killing him would not solve the issue. He had to be redeemed.\" The origami figures acted out all that Kubo described; the little figures even jumped up and all around, mimicking the battle in question. \"As I prepared to show Raiden the error of his ways, something happened, a trick of sorcery; and before I knew it, I was sucked into some void that led me to here, where we sit and talk.\" Kubo set his shamisen down on the table. \"That's only a part of it, though.\" \"So you are a real samurai!\" Amaterasu responded, prompting Kubo to nod. \"This is crazy! A real life samurai boy transported to the future by a god.\" Kubo chuckled nervously. \"I guess when you put it like that, it does sound crazy.\" Kaede shook her head and scoffed. \"Please, you expect me to believe that load of nonsense. It would make just as much sense if you told us that you possess some magical power in your little guitar thing.\" \"I can assure you, Kaede-san, that my shamisen , as it is correctly called, is not playing tricks on you. And neither am I,\" the samurai reassured calmly. \"I just think that maybe you hit your head too hard on the sidewalk, samurai boy,\" the older sister snapped derisively. \"Nee-san,\" Amaterasu began, \"you saw his story play out in front of you. I don't think Kubo here has a reason to lie.\" Kaede shook her head at Amaterasu. \"Oh, my gullible little sister...\" \"What? It all sounds kinda...maybe...sorta...it sounds cool! And besides, Kaede, after seeing little papers dance to guitar-\" \"-shamisen,\" Kubo corrected. \"Wh-whatever. After seeing that, does falling out of sky because of a god sound too wacko?!\" \"By the heavens, you're serious.\" Kaede pinched the bridge of her nose. \"What everyone knows from the history books is that Raiden-sama was a misunderstood being who took vengeance on those, particularly the samurai, who mocked and didn't believe in him.\" \"No!\" Kubo exclaimed, banging his fist on the table. He then took a breath to calm himself. \"No, it's not true. He's lied to all of you! I can't believe this, he-\" \"Look, I'd love to stay and stew in your delusions with you, but I need to know if you'll be gone by tomorrow, alright?\" Kaede interrupted. Kubo narrowed his one eye at her. \"I should have guessed demons and the like wouldn't be real in this time.\" \"Oh they're real, there's no doubt about that.\" The older sister crossed her arms. \"But your story? Too outlandish for my tastes.\" \"Fine, you don't have to believe me,\" Kubo said. \"I just-I really need some help.\" Kaede, unfazed by his solemn declaration, got up from the table and exited the living room through the steam-powered metal door. Amaterasu turned her head toward Kubo and gave him a pat on the shoulder. \"What'd I tell you? A total downer, right?\" \"I heard that!\" Kaede called from the other room. Amaterasu stuck her tongue out at the door Kaede exited through. Kubo chuckled at the childish display. \"You two really are the closest of siblings, arent' you?\" he quipped. \"You couldn't tell?\" she quipped back with a smile, which quickly faded. \"You have to forgive her, she's been through a lot.\" Kubo shrugged. \"It's fine, Amaterasu-san-\" \"Rasu.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"You can call me Rasu. Doesn't sound too formal and uptight,\" the newly named Rasu clarified. \"Alright then. Like I said, your sister kinda reminds me of someone from my time,\" Kubo continued. \"Was she uptight with a stick up her butt?\" \"Like you wouldn't believe,\" Kubo commented, smiling at the memory of Monkey. \"She'd always be so serious and I'd be like 'are you ever encouraging' and she'd be all 'I encourage you not to die'.\" At the last line, Kubo deepened his voice to sound more like Monkey, prompting laughter from Rasu. \"D-did she reallly-hahaha!-wow, that sounds just like Kaede-nee-san! Heeheehee!\" \"I don't normally like mocking people, but she was just too easy to fluster, it's just hilarious.\" After laughing at Kubo's further impressions, Rasu showed Kubo another song on her ocarina; as he watched her move around the open space while playing, to Kubo, he hadn't heard of much of a sound like the wind instrument all too often, but hearing it from Rasu brought a feeling of enjoyment and protection, much like how his shamisen gave him a sense of power and relief. He briefly wondered whether or not Rasu was given her music by someone, a guardian or whomever, who had recently moved on, similar to his mother. When Rasu stopped playing, she looked to the left at a box under an inn table. \"Hey samurai boy, wanna see something awesome?\" She moved toward the inn table and pulled the box out from underneath. When Kubo looked inside, his eyebrows scrunched together. \"Hmm, ofuda,\" he commented before he looked back up at Rasu. \"Are you a priestess?\" \"A training one at least,\" Rasu said. \"The elders gave all of us boxes of these so that when evil comes, we'll kick its ass to oblivion!\" At her swear, Rasu covered her mouth quickly. \"Sorry for the swear.\" If Kubo was offended, he didn't show it. \"In my time, Raiden said that there's no way that mere mortals would be able to do battle with demons or gods. How wrong he was.\" \"You know,\" Rasu began, \"you told the story and all, but it sounds like you personally know him.\" Kubo sighed at the implication. \"It's a very long story, Rasu. One that couldn't possib-\" Before he could finish his statement, all the power and the lights in the house went out, leaving them in total darkness. \"What was that?\" \"It's just the lights, something's probably wrong with the circuit breaker.\" \"Cir-cuit breaker?\" Kubo pronounced slowly, utterly confused. \"You got a lot to learn, samurai boy.\" The two kids decided to go outside to see what was wrong. They moved out of the front door and turned to the right, which led them to the back of the house, where Rasu motioned to a dark box with all kinds of switches on it. \"Pretty strange looking, don'tcha think?\" Kubo commented. Rasu waved her hand dismissively. \"Ah, this is nothing. You should see some of the other stuff out there.\" She pressed the one switched which was colored differently from the others, red to be precise. \"There we go. No trouble.\" \"It would be so much easier to use lanterns,\" Kubo mumbled to himself. As the two kids were going back to the front door, an odd aroma danced around in the air; it was thick, billowy, and unpleasant to their sense of smell. \"Is someone smoking?\" Rasu asked, genuinely confused; if it was Kaede, then there's one thing new she discovered about her sister. Kubo also took a whiff of the air, but noticed that the trail of smoke led to a giant cloud 20 feet away from the house, and it looked like it was stalking closer and closer. 'No. No, it can't be!' Kubo thought in horror. He quickly ran past Rasu and back inside the house, where he went to the room where he was recovering. He grabbed the Sword Unbreakable from the bed and grabbed the mystical armor from the closet nearest to him. As he was putting on the armor, Rasu caught up to him. \"Hey, what's going on? Why the rush?\" \"There's danger coming,\" Kubo said as he put on the Helmet Invulnerable. Rasu saw the samurai's armor glow a golden color, her eyes widening at the sight. \"I know you'd want an explanation, but there's no time. If you see me in trouble, get your ofuda and come outside!\" \"K-kubo-\" \"Just do it!\" the samurai ordered. He moved past her once again and out to the front door, his right hand clenched on the Sword Unbreakable's hilt; he watched as the cloud of smoke gained closer and closer, and stopped to the point where it was 10 feet in front of him. The cloud of smoke gathered itself together to form the shape of a person with a large, straw hat topping it off. When the smoke materialized, the form was female, with a perpetually smiling mask, and a cape of feathers. The woman, Kubo noticed, held a brown, lit stick between her lips, which she removed with her right index and middle fingers. \"Hahahaha! Isn't this a surprise,\" the woman laughed, the sound cold and echoing. \"I never thought I'd see you again after so long, little nephew.\" Kubo narrowed his eyes and unsheathed the mystical sword. \"How have you returned, Yukami?!\" he demanded fiercely, attempting to cover his own anxiety. \"I-I watched you get vaporized by-\" \"Did you really think you'd be rid of us forever?\" the aforementioned spirit said, cruel amusement in her tone. She took another puff of the brown stick. \"Even your pathetic mother knew she couldn't really kill us.\" \"Enough!\" Kubo shouted. \"Now tell me, how do I get back to my own time!\" \"But Kubo,\" Yukami began, \"we haven't become reacquainted yet.\" The smoke she blew from the brown stick began dancing around the young samurai's legs; knowing from prior experience, Kubo jumped away from the smoke before it could envelop him. \"I see you've learned from your mistakes. No matter...\" Yukami unsheathed her own twin swords and lunged at Kubo. *SHINK* *SHINK* *SHINK* Kubo and his aunt made battle; Yukami attempted to strike him in a diagonal pattern but Kubo was barely able to block it. Kubo retaliated by rolling at the side to try and slice the spirit from there, but Yukami floated upward before lunging at him again, but this time, she moved like a drill and her strikes were rapid-fire. Kubo managed to block a few of the swipes before being nicked in his left forearm by her right twin sword. \"AAHH!\" Kubo shouted in pain. \"Still inexperienced, I see.\" Yukami side-kicked him in the face, sending Kubo flying back a few feet; luckily, he didn't drop the Sword Unbreakable as he tumbled down and skidded on the ground. He quickly got back up and ran at her, but before he could make it, he was enveloped by the smoke and immobilized. Kubo struggled to get out of the smoke's grasp, but it was too difficult to do so. \"Hahahaha!\" Yukami laughed as she floated in front of her nephew. \"This is just like the days of old, wouldn't you say?\" Kubo scowled at her with his one eye. \"Raiden knew I'd be here, didn't he?\" \"Oh of course. After all, father knows all.\" His evil aunt raised one of her swords and prepared to strike Kubo down; the samurai still tried to reach his magical sword until- *THWACK* *THWACK* *THWACK* Yukami saw three arrows with paper talismans on them embedded into the space between herself and Kubo. Kubo looked up and saw a dark figure jump from the roof of the house and spin-kick as she descended, sending Yukami flying away and releasing Kubo from the smoke's hold. The samurai saw a woman with brown hair, a navy blue leotard, a scarf that covered the lower half of her face, a sash around her hip with ofuda, and holding a ninjato in her right hand. \"You good, kid?\" the woman said. Kubo looked shocked at the voice. \"Kaede-san?\" \"Yep. That lady a friend of yours?\" she snarked. \"She is not my friend, trust me,\" Kubo retorted. Yukami stalked back toward the two. \"Isn't this adorable? You have little bodyguards to come save you.\" \"Piss off,\" Kaede commented. She then leaped toward the spirit and struck at her with her ninjato, flipping with a motion similar to a hamster wheel. Yukami blocked the onslaught of sword and when Kaede stopped, she moved quickly to try and gut her; Kaede swiped at Yukami's head, to which the spirit barely dodged, losing a few strands of hair in the process. Before she could strike again, Kaede started throwing sharp, metal stars with ofuda attached at her. \"Impressive,\" Yukami said as she dodged the incoming stars. However, one of the stars clipped her in the shoulder, which made Yukami shout in pain. \"How?! How can mortal weapons-\" \"Not so strong after all, are you?\" Kaede taunted, smirking behind her mask. Fed up with this distraction, Yukami used her telekinesis to launch Kaede at a tree, which sent the woman into near unconsciousness. She saw Kubo attempt to swipe at her, only to stop him dead in his tracks by making a fist and making him lose his breath. \"I grow tired of this. Now, come with your aunty, Kubo...\" Before Yukami could take Kubo, she heard the sound of a wind instrument playing. Rasu slowly stepped forward, playing her ocarina, the music of which began bathing her in a bright, nearly blinding, golden light; it was as if the sun itself was walking on the face of the Earth. As she continued playing, a ray of light hit Yukami, enveloping and trapping her similar to how the smoke trapped Kubo. \"What is this?!\" Yukami shouted, fury within her tone. Rasu continued moving forward. \" Vile demon! You tamper with forces you could not hope to understand. You overstep your boundaries. Your cruelty that knows no limits must be stopped! This ends now!\" Kubo was utterly flabbergasted at the display Rasu was showing; her voice...it sounded like Yukami's, echoing, but it also possessed the sound not of a demon, but of a much higher god. He stepped up and moved toward her. \"Rasu! Wait, I need to ask her something!\" The powered younger sister looked at the samurai. \" What could this...foul witch possibly give you, Kubo-san? \" Kubo turned toward his aunt. \"I'm gonna ask you again: how do I get back to my time?\" Yukami stopped struggling in the lights grasp and laughed. \"Don't you know? There is no going back for you.\" \"That can't be true!\" \" She is tricking you, Kubo, \" Rasu reassured him. \" The demon will always lie. But it will mix lies with the truth, and that's how it deceives you. \" Kaede, still down near the tree, sat up and witnessed the scene before her. \"Amaterasu!\" she called out. \"What are you doing?!\" Her voice was frantic with concern for the younger sister. The sound of her older sister's voice brought Rasu a distraction, which caused the blinding light to dim; Yukami, seeing this as her time to escape, puffed into a cloud of her own smoke and vanished, her cold, cruel laughter filling the air. Rasu played a note that made her cease to glow the light, and brought her back to reality. \"Nee-sama!\" she exclaimed, running toward her older sister and hugging her tightly. Kubo also ran toward the two sisters, who looked up at him with inquisitive expressions. \"One question,\" the samurai laid out. \"Who the hell was that woman?\" Kaede said. \"That question's gonna take too long to answer. Now here's my question: why'd you save me?\" Kaede lowered her mask. \"We ninja are not without honor. Although I saved you at the beckoning of my sister, I will now stand by your side when danger is afoot. Plus, maybe you are telling the truth. In that case, we both want to help you get to your home.\" \"I see,\" Kubo began, \"I give a thousand thanks to you, Kaede-san.\" \"I don't know about you guys, but...THAT WAS TOTALLY WICKED!\" Rasu cheered, throwing a fist in the air. \"Kubo was all like, 'I'm an awesome samurai, no one messes with me', and then that swordfight, and then nee-chan was all 'I'm gonna go ninja on you' and...gaah, so cool!\" Kaede smiled at her younger sister. \"Oh, Rasu...\" In an Unknown Tower The Moon King himself was sitting on his blue throne and watched the entire debacle between the three friends and Yukami unfold. \"As I said those many years ago, we would meet again, grandson. But do not get comfortable; your friends will not be able to save you from me. Just you wait... The Home of Kaede Kubo was walking out of his room to get a drink of water when he noticed Rasu, clad in her priestess outfit, kneeling in prayer; she was surrounded by lit candles, and thin sticks which emitted an equally as thin vapor. He moved toward her and sat on her right side. \"To any gods and goddesses out there, I beseech you,\" Rasu began. Kubo also got in the prayer position out of respect. \"My family has encountered a great evil, and I know that it will not stop until it breaks our spirits and vanquishes us, so I ask you, please o please, guide us to the path of the light, and give us the strength to overcome any obstacles in our way. We cannot possibly hope to beat out evil without your help.\" A few moments of silence passed before the two kids opened their eyes and looked at each other. \"Nee-sama told me that we cannot stay here for any longer,\" Rasu said. \"She says that the demons know where we live now, and we must travel to get away.\" \"This is all my fault,\" Kubo replied, regret in his voice. \"I didn't want to drag any of you into this.\" Rasu cocked her head to the right. \"Don't get so down on yourself, samurai boy. I kinda wanted to move away also.\" \"But I feel that I must repay you and your sister in some way.\" \"You wanna repay us? Then let us fight with you,\" Rasu declared. She smiled at the samurai next to her. \"Don't worry, me and Kaede are gonna get you back to your home.\" Kubo flashed a tiny smile at her. \"I sure hope so.\" Gotta go back Back to the past I've decided to retitle this fic as 'Ronin'. Read and Review! ","Summary":" I finally saw Kubo and the Two Strings over the weekend, and it was awesome! Enjoy everyone! I. The"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Warrior of Fate: Kubo and the Two Strings Prequel","Author":"Seika Warrior","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12936483","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Warrior of Fate Kubo and the two Strings Canon Prologue I never thought and believed it with my own eyes but it was all coming true, our once called home had now become a battlefield, a war between man and gods. Our castle was now engulfed darkness, a fire demon being commanded by it's witch familiar. We now put our lives on the line not for our survival but the legacy of the Beetle Clan, the son of our leader, Hanzo. I was in charge of the task of protecting his wife, my mistress, Lady Sariatu and their child. \"This way my lady!\" I said, as I held on tightly to her hand and guiding her through the chaos without getting neither of them hurt. Just when I thought we were out of the chaos our worst nightmare appeared before us. \"Father?!\" Sariatu gasped, as she clinched for her son's life in her arm. \"I never thought you were the one to fail me after I've had such high hopes for your.\" He said, in a frightenly angry tone. \"You were once of my strongest, fiercest warriors, and now you betray me? Eloped with that fool, and having a child with him?!\" I quickly released my Lady's hand from my grip and pulled out my sword in defense. The expression on his face and the look in his eyes were filled with nothing but anger and hate. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath as he slowly exhales calming his face. \"But I guess there is nothing to be ashamed of.\" He said, with a smile, but in a rather disturbing kind. \"After all I am the boy's grandfather, so . . . . I'll take him off your hands.\" He moved swiftly as the wind and attempt to steal the child, but intervened just in time before he could do so. Our blades were crossed and I stood strong as I could bearing the pressure of his strength. All these years of brutal training, sparring with the toughest warriors here and my master, slaying demons, battling with the Moon King's forces were now put to the test. \"Run my lady!\" I cried, pleading her to escape. I knew she didn't want me to end, but she knew she had no choice her son's life was more important. She took the chance fled, but the Moon King wouln't let them go so easily. He pushed me out of the way in a powerful forces sending me crashing to a wall, I tried pulling myself out of the rubble ignoring the pain. \"Aah!\" I opened my eye's and saw my mistress down on the ground hurt, and had witness to most horrible thing anyone had ever done. The boy's own grandfather gouged out his left eye. \"NOOOO!\" I screamed. Just when he was about to take out his remaining eye a red flash came out of nowhere took the injured child out of the Moon King's hands and injured his arm. And there he was the Mighty Hanzo.[Chapter 2] I was sleeping peacefully in the small tunnel of my cave I call home on the cold hard ground, until the rose up bringing bout of a new day. I creaked my eyes opened, gave myself a good stretch, got up on my feet, embraced the warmth of the sun shining down upon my face and. I've always enjoy this every moment before I start my day going hunting to get myself breakfast since I'm always alone in the wilderness. The farlands were no place for any man, woman, or child because this place is always crawling yokai or demons but they don't bother me. I'm always careful and vigilent. The only reason I'm out here all by myself is that my parents were killed by a group of bandits that kidnapped me five years ago. They thought they could sell me and gain some good price because there are rarely people born with red hair. Some say red is the color luck, but where was luck when I needed it the most? I guess it wasn't mean't for me. I managed to escape my fate before those savages could do anything to me. Every village I went people stare at me either I was worth something or not. That's when I learn I couldn't trust people anymore. So here I am a lone wolf. As I walked through the forest, I scavenged to find any trace of source for food, or better yet some tracks. I looked through every bush, climbed every tree, I even went to stop by the river for a drink. I was able to find some berries, catch some rabbits, but then I spotted something that catched my eye in the dirt; boar hoof prints. I examined them carefully and they looked to be fresh so which means the animal could be close by. I followed the tracks, got my bow and arrow out as I walked silently and kept a sharp eye out for my prey through the woods. When suddently I heard a loud pig squeal I pursued. I rushed and jumped through every obstacle and found not just the boar, but two men wearing samurai armour. They caught the beast in a trap hanging struggling to get out, one of the samurai brought out his sword killed it. As I hid behind a tree and listened in to what they were saying. \"Looks like we're having pork tonight my friend.\" he said. \"No kidding, look at the size of this thing, we even make a feast out of it.\" the other samurai said. He was right the boar was about the size of a boulder. If I had caught that thing before they did it would of save me the time without struggling find more food everyday. \"Let's get this thing back to camp, everyone is gonna enjoy this.\" They cut the beast down from the trap, and picked it up. These men they were remarkably strong to carry something that big, not even I could handle something like that. I was thinking about moving on and find something else, but then again after hearing the growling sound of my belly I desparate on finding a descent meal. So I made the most stupidest decision that would cost me my own life. I carefully used my stealth pursuing the samarai as the carried the giant boar to their camp. I quickly climbed up the nearest tree and jumped from branch to every branch without making the slightest sound for them knowing my presence. As I continued following them I was impressed on how much they were able to endure carrying all of that weight. Who ever these people and what clan they were from they must be very strong, but they could probably be dangerous. Which means I must watch my step and avoid contact if I have any hope of snatching myself anything from these guys. When I made my next jump my foot got caught in one of the branches and I tripped, I catched myself in time before I could even fall, but it caused a ruckus in the trees making some leaves falls. The samurai stopped, before they could even look up, I quickly got up and hide. \"Is someting wrong, Genki?\" the samurai asked his friend holding the boar up front looking in the air. \"I could've sworn I saw something.\" he said. \"Probably a monkey or something.\" They shrugged it off and continued returning to camp. I sighed in relief thinking if they had caught me I might've been dead. I may have took a while but, they have finally reached the camp, it was a small camp with a very few samurai probably six, but thankfully it looked easy enough for me to sneak in. I silently climbed down the tree and made sure they didn't see me. Before I snucked in and noticed a salt line that circled their camp; I remembered my mother telling me salt is a useful tool to help prevent and ward off demons. So I jumped over the salt line without ruining it. I hid behind the tent and watch the men who caught the boar showed their allies their prize. \"Great job you two it looks like we're going to have a good meal tonight.\" one of them said. \"Let's skin and roast this boar 'cause I'm starving.\" the other said. \"Don't be impatient, Toru, we'll all have our share soon.\" another said. \"But it's going to be a while to cook this thing and besides it's still morining we'll have rice for now.\" Rice that's something I haven't had in long time, I remembered the time when father and I go picking for rice and mother always helping prepare rice and mixing it up with the best ingredients to make the taste so esquiste. I spotted pot boiling over the fire which means they have the rice ready to cook. My mouth was watering I couldn't stand waiting I wished they hurried up. The smell of food was so good my stomach began to growl it was making so much noise I could even hear it; even the samurai. \"Whoa Daizo, was that you?\" one of the samurai asked. \"No\" he shooked his head as he turned. I ducked down hiding and held my breath, sweating nervously. If these guys catch me it could mean the end of me, I watch the suspicous samurai walked by checking his surroundings, I remained low and quiet and when he finally gave up he walked away. I knew from within that moment I could stay out here too long, the best solution was look around camp and find their stocks, and get out of here before anyone notices. Although it would ashamed to get a piece of meat out from that boar. I crawled and checked each and every tent to find what I was looking for, until I finally found one with baskets of peaches, assorted vegetables, and nuts. I grabbed my sack and started filling it up as much as I can. Once I had it completely full I sealed it up and tied it around my waste. I peeked through the tent to make sure the coast was clear and silently walked out of the tent trying to make my exit. Just when things were starting to look up, I failed to pay attention to my surroundings and accidently tripped one of the wires that were holding up one of the tents, which caused a scene and brought unwanted attention. They shouted and came right after me, as I quickly got up and tried to escape. One them shot an arrow pinning me down without injury. The samurai grabbed me I struggled to get away. \"Alright, calm down kid, just who are you and why are sneaking around our camp?\" I did not answer, instead I grabbed my knife and slashed across his face dropping me. Before I could even escape another samurai got in the way. He pulled out his sword and attacked, I evaded and the next and did a backwards kick in his jaw. He backed up and touched his lip to find blood, and looked at me angerly and swung his sword again. I kept on dodging his attacks, but I was losing balance by the speed of his attacks, I fell and landed to the ground, I looked up, saw his incoming attack, and rolled out of the way, then I kicked the sword out of his hands and tackled him down, when I was about to land a punch in the face. Someone attacked me from behind and knocked me out cold.[Chapter 3] Samurai of Fate Chapter 2 Slowly I crept my eyes open, everything was a blur, and I felt arms tied around my waste, even my ankles. When my vision became clear I saw the samurai sitting next to the fire, scooping rice into their bowls. I reached for my knife but then I realized it was no longer in my possession even my bow and arrow were gone. I guessed they stripped me from my weapons when they knocked me out. Two feet came right in front face, I looked up to see who it was until I recognized his scratched face \"Well, well, well, look who's up.\" he smiled, kneeling down with a small bowl of rice and chopsticks in his hands. I stood up and tried to scoot away but was blocked off by their piles of fire wood. \"Whoa, take easy there kid, I'm not gonna hurt you.\" he said. \"I thought I bring you something.\" He picked the rice from his bowl with his chopsticks and offered for me to take a bite. But instead I studied his face, he did not seem angry from when I cut him with my knife earlier, he seemed rather calm and gentle, infact he didn't seem to be bothered by my red hair. He looks to be in his mid thirty's, he had shaved top head and his remaining hair were tied back in a bun, and he was wearing a brown gi. Although I wasn't sure what game he or his friends were playing, but I remember what I had taught myself; I can't trust anyone. So turned my head refusing his offer. He frowned upset by my rudness, but then he smiled again and put his bowl of rice down in front of me and said \"Well if you ever change your mind, I'll just leave this for you.\" He stood up and walked away. The man sat back down next to his friends by the fire and grabbed another bowl and scooped some rice in. \"Toru, why are you being so nice to that animal, she cut your face?\" his friend asked. \"Takeo, she's not an animal, she's just poor starving girl.\" Toru cleared. \" I can tell.\" \"You know I've just realized something.\" another said, looking at me. \"She's the one who followed us when we killed that boar, I noticed that when she was in the trees. \"With a quiet girl like that she has the makings of a true shinobi.\" \"Hm, judging by her tattered clothes, and the weapons we stripped from her were made by hand so she can't be from any clan we know of.\" the other said. \"Do you think she could be an orphan?\" Daizo asked, with regret in his voice. \"Maybe, but I doubt she'll say anything.\" Toru said. \"It probably be best that we wait until she's ready to talk.\" \"You're not saying we're going to keep her are you?\" Takeo asked, disliking the idea. \"What choice do we have? We already can tell that she's all alone, and it's a dangerous world out there for a child.\" Toru cleared. \"Come on Toru, you can't possibly mean that! Look at her! Red hair? Yellow eyes? What kind of human has those? None!.\" \"Takeo, we get it she's different, but that's no excuse to avoid and let this go.\" the other samurai said. \"That's right, we're samurai, we help and defend people.\" another said. \"Tomorrow moring, we'll pack up and take the girl with us.\" Toru said. I didn't what was going on over there with them talking, but all I cared about was getting away. I tried to think and find something I could use to free myself, but the roar of my stomach beg me to eat. Then I looked back at the bowl of rice sitting before, the smell of a home cooked meal I haven't had since I was five was so tempting. I tried to resist but I couldn't, I was becoming light headed, so I bent my body over and began chomping down the rice. The rice was warm, moiste, and a little salty to make the taste so good just like how my mother made it. Once I finished devouring the whole bowl chewing the remaining food in my mouth, I began to shed a tear on how much I missed this. Except for the fact I was never bound by ropes. \"So did you like it?\" The samurai returned. I didn't answer, I stubbornly kept quiet and I tried to wipe the mess off my face with my shoulder. He knelt down, gently grabbed my chin and wipe my face with his own cloth, \"I'll take that as a yes.\" he chuckled. \"Listen, I understand that you don't trust us, but we don't like you being here all by yourself in a dangerous place like this. So if you promise me to be a good girl and stay with us, I'll untie you, promise?\" I looked in his eyes and realized that he was being serious. Althought I did not like the idea of being with these guys, I could lie and sneak out before anyone notices I'm gone. But then again after having a real good meal it would be nice to have more. I decided and nodded my head to answer. He smiled and intied the knots on my back, and cut the ropes off my ankles. I got up from the ground, stretched my body and massaged my wrists. \"If you're still hungry we still have some rice left, why don't come sit with us?\" He kindly offered. I looked at his friends sitting by the fire reminding me of the bandits who sit just like that when I was held captive imprinsoned in a cage. I looked back at him, shook my head, sat on the ground and held my knees against my chest. The samurai looked at me feeling disappointed, but he knew wasn't I still was having promlems. He pat on my head and said \"I see, come on over when you're ready.\" So I remained sitting on the ground letting time slip by as the men walked by after they've finished having breakfast. I watched them pass by, not bothered by my presence. Time continued slipping, I still haven't moved a single flinch. I wondered why I agreed to this, why would I want to stay here? All my life I have been distant from the world because I resented the people who killed my parents, the people who shunned me. But these guy they're different. They could've killed me or sold me for some ransom after from stealing their food. Instead they're giving me hospitality. When it reached to evening the air was starting to become cold, Toru came with a blanket, crouched down, and covered me. \"You know you don't have to sit here all day, you have the freedom to walk and look around.\" I looked at him and still remained quiet. \"Still not talking huh?\" He got back up, and before he walked away he told me 'The pork will be ready soon.' He also said that I can have it if I come and eat with them. First he was respecting my space and now he's trying to be persistant? Does he really want to know my story? I'll admit he has been kind to me but I still don't know him or any of his friends, how can I be so sure to trust them? \"Girl, we're cutting the meat! Do you want it or not?' Toru called. I looked down and thought for a moment, I got back on my feet and when I took my first step, I hesitated, but then somehow I kept moving. I walked up to Toru and gave me a plate of a slice of the pork. \"Go take a seat over there you can sit next me.\" I went over to the mat he was pointing to and sat in a cross legged position. \"So you feeling better?\" I turned and recognized he was the samurai I fought earlier. My eyes widen and turned my head away. He turned confused, but then realized and understood, and decided to give me some space. While we were eating the pork, Toru asked me 'who I was, where did I come from, and why was I all alone.' I did not answer, I was still eating the pork on my plate. Toru grew impatient with my silence and took my plate away. \"Okay, I'll give this back to you unless you answer my questions.\" he said. \"Why don't we start with your name?\" Now he was really being persistent and it's working. I looked into his eyes and for a long time being silent the entire day I gave in. \"Seika\". \"What was that?\" he asked. \"I said my name is Seika.\" I repeated. Everybody turned to me in shock hearing my voice for the first time ever. \"Well, Seika, I'm Toru\" He said, and started to introduce everyone else. The one next to me was, Daizo; he looked to be around the age of seventeen, brown hair tied in a bun, hazel colored eyes, and has a scar on his righ eyebrow. Genki was the one next to him; black short hair with bangs covering the left side of his face, blue eyes, and he looks to be around twenty years old. The one next to Toru was called, Tanaka, he's bald like a monk, brown eyes, short trimmed beard, and seems to around Toru's age. The one giving me a death glare is named, Taeko, he medium length black hair, dark eyes, and looks like the same age as Daizo. And last but not least Ryu, he's has a strong looking body structure, black hair in a bun, golden brown eyes, and has a warm smile with an innocent looking face, and he seem' to be in his twenty's. \"Hello\" he waved. \"Well, now that we've gotten to know each other, why don't you tell us about yourself Seika?\" Toru asked. I looked down to the ground with a sad expression on my face. \"It's complicated.\" I told them. \"Come on Seika, don't be like that.\" Toru said. \"Now tell us, why are you out here all by yourself, where's your family?\" I hugged and buried my face in my knees as I started to cry, and told them 'gone.' Everybody looked at me with pity and sorrow for my loss. Toru placed a hand on my shoulder to comfort my pain. \"I know how it feels to lose someone or the people you love and care about. And it's how hard it is to move on, but that doesn't mean their not there as long as you remember them.\" I looked at him wiping the tears from my eyes. \"How do know that?\" I asked. \"Because I too have suffered the loss of my family.\" he said. \"But I knew that they would want me to move forward and not forget the memories I've had with them.\" The night was drawing near and the sky had turned dark. Everyone went to their tents except for Toru he said that he will keep watch and told me to go rest in his tent, but I couldn't. I understood that the salt circle was to keep demons away, but why? I'm not the one to believe in ghosts or demons because I never actually seen one before. Could it be that they are just being paranoid or could it be that there is something out there that I may be wrong. I realized now I'm starting to become paranoid. I pulled the blanket over my head and trying to fall asleep. Then I began to dream the haunting memories of the death my parents and the wicked men who took me from them. I was running as fast as I could trying so hard and desparate to escape, but then I tripped and was cornered by these savages. I curled up into a ball and covered my head fearing that they going to take me again. But instead I heard one of them scream, then the next, and another after that. I turned around and saw a black fog with grabbing them with it's coils, and swaolling them whole. I heard clashing sounds of metal within the fog along with painful agonizing screams. Then everything grew into a complete utter silence, the fog began to lift, the bandits were now lying dead in the pool of their own blood, and the only thing standing were three individuals who appeared to women dressed in black feathered capes, hats, pale frightening noh masks, in a shinobi attire. I was thinking on running but I was frozen with fear unable to move. One of them turned their faces towards me, and even though they were wearing masks I could see the cold emptiness in her eyes. Toru shook my shoulder waking me up from my nightmare \" Seika, come on time to get up.\" I slowly creaked open my eyes, find the brightness of the sun through the open seam of the tent. \" We're gathering our things and getting ready to move, come on out when you're ready.\" he said, as he left the tent. I looked down couldn't help but thinking what that dream was all about. Was it real or not? All I remember was escaping the bandits before they could sell me off into slavery. But now's the time to move forward, I'm going to the samurai's clan fortress.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 All my life, living alone, surviving the wildnerness and avoiding the cruelty of man. What were the odds that I would end up meeting these men. I dedicated myself that would avoid anyone who see's me, because of my red hair. It was the only thing that has kept separated from people. Like the bandits who killed my parents and tried to sell me, and the ones who treat me like an outcast. But these guys, they were different. They could've killed when I was stealing their supplies, but instead here I am riding on the back of a horse holding on to Toru, taking me to their fortress. All of the samurai were on their horses with one of them pulling the carts. They all seem to not mind me being with them all except one person; Taeko, he still did not the idea of bringing me along for the ride. I know 'cause he was giving me that hateful look in his eyes. It didn't matter to cause I'm used to this resentment. When people who look at me like that I always run away, so why am I not running right now? \"You doing okay back there Seika?\" Toru asked, steering his horse down the trail. \"Yeah\" I answered clinging tight onto his gi. \"We're only a few miles aways, when we get there I'll speak with our master and see what I can to help you, but you have to do exactly what I say understand?\" Toru said. \"Yes, sir\" I answered. The road was a long journey, while we've been traveling I fell asleep on Toru's back, feeling the warmth and comfort, it almost felt like embracing my father again. Then one of the samurai on their horse's walked up to Toru and spoke \"She seems comfortable.\" \"She's beginning to trust us, which means we're off to a good start.\" Toru said. \"Do you think she'll trust us enough to tell us what happened to her family?\" \"I do not know, only time will tell.\" \"Judging by the scarrs on her skin, I can tell she's been through alot, no child should ever endure something like that.\" he said. \"That you are right, my friend.\" \"Let's just hope the master would listen and maybe he could help this girl.\" \"Tanaka, did you forget what kind of man, Master Hanzo is?\" Toru asked. \"Of course not, and I believe in his cause and what we're doing.\" Tanaka replied. \"Then we should never any doubts.\" Three hours have passed and we've finally made it to our destination, the horses stopped, and I woke up and to find the biggest castle fortress before me. \"What do you think?\" Toru asked, as if he expected me to wake up. I couldn't take my eyes off on the size of this place, I was so astonished I didn't have the choice for words. Toru laughed knew that I would be impressed. The gates opened as we crossed the bridge over the moat. Once we were inside I took in everything that was surrounding me. There were samurai warriors training in the court yard, archers shooting at targets, servants carrying fresh cooked meals on trays, and there was even a horse stable. Toru dismounted himself from his stead and put me down \"I'm going to help my friends unload our stuff and put the horses away, so you just stay put, and don't go any where.\" he said, as he pulled the reins of his horse and walked away. But I however didn't listen, I was so curious I wanted to see more of this place, so I wondered off. I've watched the samurai spar in the martial arts it was so tense it was as if they were actually in a real fight, then I accidently bumped into one of the onna-bughiesha; they may have looked liked fancy dressed ladies but I knew right away that they were more than meets the eye judging by the spears they were weilding. I was afraid at first, but when they looked at me they smiled, adored on how cute I was and admired the color of my hair. I was flattered but I was also very shy. I slipped past them and walked through the great hall, and when I turned I found big garden with a couple of cherry blossom trees planted in the greenest emerald grass I've ever seen, some stones and a shrine, and a big pond filled with coy fish with a red bridge over it. I took my first step and felt on how soft this thick green grass was, it reminded me of the grass on the mountains at my place once called home. I danced and spinned under the falling petals of the cherry blossoms, and made a graceful landing on my back. I opened my eyes looking straight up at the bright blue sky with the clouds floating by, remembering the time when my father and I were always out lying on the grass looking up in the sky like this. Figuring out what they look like, judging by their shape and size. Then that memory struck me right in the heart, making me start to cry, wishing that my parents were here. I wiped my tears away, stood up and went over to the pond. I crouched down and leaned in to take a closer look and saw the coy fish in different colors: gold, orange, black, and white. I poked my finger in the water it scared them they scattered swimming away. As the water calms from my disturbence I saw my own reflection, a little girl covered in dirt, with scrapes and cuts, and then I notice someone else's reflection. I turned and saw a man with a rough rugged brown beard, with his hair tied in a bun and golden brown eyes, and wearing a red kimono with golden beetles patterned in a stitching over his brown gi. \"Do you like it?\" he smiled. I was silent all confused wondering how I should respond or act. \"What's wrong, no choice for words?\" He chuckled. He sat infront of the pond and looked at the coy in the pond and said \"You know when I was a boy, my father always takes me fishing, I've had the hardest time catching one and always end up sleeping holding my fishing pole. But when I felt a big tug it slapped me wide awake and I hold on as best as I could hoping I catched a big one, but it slipped right out of my hands.\" He continued. \"That when I decided to use my archery skills instead.\" I walked over and sat right next to him, growing a little bit more curious. He leaned back and looked up in the sky. \" And then there was a time my mother would always tell me stories before bed, legends about how the world began, how day and night were created, and even about the gods.\" Then I started to get really interested hearing his life story. But then his smile disappeared and looked back to the ground. \"But if only . . .\". he then turned silent. \"But if only what?\" I spoke. He turned his head, cocked his eyebrow and smiled. \"So you can talk?\" I turned away with my face turning red. \"Hey come on, don't be like that, I thought this was going good.\" I turned back to him with my face still red with embarrassment \"It's not that! It's just. . . I don't know!\" I crossed my arms and pouted. He laughed, humored by the expression on my face. \"Seika!\" I turned saw Toru stepped into the garden walking towards me, but then he stopped, and looked surprised all of a sudden when he noticed the man next to me. He crouched down and bowed his head \"Lord Hanzo!\" he continued. \"Forgive me, I brought this girl into our home and thought we could talked hopeing. . .\" The man in the red kimono stood up and raised his hand; silenceing him. \" Let me guess, this girl's an orphan you've found on your travels correct?\" I looked at him with my eyes wide open, how did he know that right away? We've just met and had a small conversation, and he'd just figured it out!? Toru raised his head and looked upon his master. \"How did you know about that?\" I asked. He kneeled and looked at me \"Isn't it obvious?\". I looked at my tatterd clothes, messed up hair, covered in dirt, he was right. \"Master, I know this is sudden, and she maybe young but if we give her some training and lessons, she might become a formidable ally.\" Toru said. Hanzo walked over to Toru and told him to rise, \"Toru, you don't need to say anything else, but you're right about one thing\" he turned and looked at me \"she may be what this clan needs, I can tell.\" \"But first, take her to get cleaned up.\" ","Summary":" Warrior of Fate Kubo and the two Strings Canon Prologue I never thought and believed it with my own"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Kubo and the Heaven's Mask","Author":"Literaturefangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12176542","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A young boy hovering in place with a shamisen in his arms, suspended by a flock birds. It's not what you'd expect from a typical school boy's drawing. But for the hero of our story, that very drawing is his reality. One that he keeps very close to his heart. \"What are you drawing, Kubo?\" A curious classmate seated next to him, asked. \"Nothing!\" Kubo instinctively covered his drawing with his arm, shielding it from his class mate's prying eyes, which only served in heightening her curiosity. \"I just want to see!\" The girl reached over his arm and plucked the drawing from his desk. \"Is that a guitar? And are you flying like a bird?!\" \"Give it back!\" Kubo cried out. The loudness of his voice startling the girl, making her fall from her chair; the first omen of the day's troubles for our protagonist, but that really was the least of it. High up on the top floor of Kabutomushi Incorporated, its CEO Hanzo watched as the setting sun cast shadows across his office. For him, working late was customary. Another part of the job of running a multinational sports gear corporation. As he stuffed papers into his briefcase to finish up for the day, his eyes drifted to one of his most prized possessions sitting on his desk; the eyepiece of a mask. Handed down to him by his father. It was said to contain great power that would allow its owner to see into the future. Such a story had no truth to it, but it served as a reminder to Hanzo to \"Keep his eyes on the future.\" That was what his father had told him anyway and they were words that Hanzo lived by. As a family heirloom, Hanzo considered the artifact a lucky charm of sorts. But not even such charm could offer protection, as Hanzo was struck from behind by a mysterious assailant, rendering him unconscious. A table set for three, with only two people seated. This was a scene that Kubo was quite acquainted with. Tonight, the usual quiet atmosphere made waiting for his mother's confrontation about the trouble he caused that day all the more agonizing. \"I spoke with Mrs. Kameyo today. She confiscated this .\" Sariatu pulled out Kubo's drawing from the morning's class and held it out for him to see. \"She also said you pushed a girl off her chair to get it from her.\" Sariatu finished with an accusing tone that sounded both angry and disappointed. \"I didn't push her off! She lost her balance and she snatched it from me !\" Kubo tried to explain, but his mother had other concerns. \"You shouldn't have drawn that picture in the first place! I told you to keep your magic a secret. You know what would happen if people discovered your secret.\" Sariatu anxiously reminded him. As descendants of gods from the heavens, Sariatu and Kubo possessed magic that few mortals could understand. The people of their modern world would surely fear them and call for their destruction or succumb to temptation and seek their power for themselves. \"They'd take me away and I'd never see you again. I know , I know .\" Kubo recited the words repeated to him so many times. The familiar words repeated back making his mother fall silent. \"Mother, when is father coming home? He's very late.\" Kubo broke the silence with the subject of his absent father. Kubo was used to dinners with only his mother present and his father's habit of arriving late, but now that it seemed like he wouldn't return at all, Kubo was beginning to worry. \"You know how busy your father can be sometimes. Don't worry, he'll be home soon.\" Sariatu tried to reassure her son. \"That's what you said yesterday.\" Kubo muttered under his breath. His mother's words clearly having little effect. Near total darkness. That was the sight that Hanzo was greeted with after waking from a period of unconsciousness that had lasted hours. With the meagre guidance of starlight and lighting from nearby skyscrapers, Hanzo made it across the end of the office and felt a light switch by the door frame. Turning the lights on, and turning around, Hanzo noticed a large desk in the centre of the room. \"What… is this place?\" Hanzo asked, his mind a total blank. After seeing Kubo and the Two Strings I wanted a way for the Kubo family to be together and still be alive. So I came up with the concept of a modern day universe with the Kubo cast, a new villain but with a familiar three-part quest.[Chapter 2] Stuck in an unfamiliar room with no one to indicate where he might be, Hanzo took a closer look at his surroundings. On the desk stood a black name plaque, giving the desk a professional look. He wondered who it belonged to. Beside the plaque was a metal stand, what it was for was beyond him. The final item on the desk was a picture frame, containing a photo of a family of three. On the right was a man with greying hair, wearing a dark blue suit. In the middle stood a boy with a long fringe curiously obscuring his right eye. To the left of the boy was a woman, with long black hair and a pale complexion. Hanzo marvelled at her beauty and envied whoever was lucky enough to be her family. Such envy did not last very long, once he spied his own reflection in the window of the building, because the husband of such a heavenly woman, he concluded was himself. Filled with joy from the discovery that he had a family, Hanzo fumbled through his pocket to find his wallet. Inside the wallet was his driver's license which revealed his home address. With his memory not up to the task of navigating the streets, Hanzo left the building and hailed a taxi. Leaving Hanzo without the stress of having to locate his house. After an hour's drive, the taxi arrived at its destination and Hanzo payed the fare he owed the taxi's driver. Accepting the bills from the taxi's window, the driver recognized Hanzo's face from his many appearances on the news. \"Have you ever been on TV? You look familiar.\" The driver asked, unable to put his finger on who Hanzo actually was. But as it turned out, neither did he. \"I wouldn't know, you tell me!\" Hanzo flashed the driver a smile and walked towards the doorstep of his house. Feeling nervous from meeting his family for the first time in his eyes, Hanzo's finger remained in place. Inches from the doorbell, too apprehensive to continue. \"Just clear your mind and breathe.\" Hanzo spoke out loud to himself and finally rang the doorbell, his finger recoiling from the suddenness of the shrill sound. \"Father! You're alright!\" Kubo raced towards his father and hugged him tightly, relieved that his father had arrived safely. Uncertain how to react, Hanzo smiled and patted Kubo on the head. But before Kubo could say anything else, Sariatu intervened with a friendly suggestion that sounded amicable to a child on the surface, but spelled trouble for whoever she was about to converse with. \"Kubo, why don't you play in your room, while I talk to your father?\" \"But I want to talk to him!\" Kubo protested. His father had never arrived home this late and Kubo was anxious to hear his reason for it. \"Do as your mother says, uh… son.\" Hanzo struggled with finding the last word. The idea that the boy before him was his son, still feeling quite new to him. With Kubo out of earshot Sariatu proceeded to scold her tardy husband. \"What happened? We were getting worried! You promised him you'd always come home, no matter what happened at work!\" \"I… can't remember.\" Hanzo admitted sheepishly, slightly afraid of his wife's well-intentioned, but frightening angry words. \"Were you really so busy that you can't even recall anything to use as an excuse?\" Sariatu posed a question that Hanzo would have to answer carefully. \"No! I mean , I can't remember anything !\" Hanzo answered her sincerely. \"Go on.\" \"I opened my eyes and there was darkness. When I turned on the lights, I was in a strange room with a desk that had a photo of a family I didn't even recognize. And now, all I'm left with is a bruise on my head and no memories to call my own.\" Hanzo elaborated, the sadness of recent events clear in his voice. \"I understand. I'll go talk with Kubo.\" Sariatu turned towards the direction of Kubo's bedroom. \"But I didn't catch your name.\" Hanzo's charming words stopping Sariatu in her tracks. \"My name is Sar—.\" \"Serious lady?\" Hanzo made an observant quip. \" Sariatu. And at least your sense of humour is still intact.\" Sariatu remarked with a wry smile. Knocking on the door, Sariatu entered Kubo's room, but before she could even speak, Kubo quickly spoke up with a pressing question. \"Mother, why was father late?\" \"Your father is a bit confused at the moment, he's forgotten a few things.\" Sariatu explained, understating the extent of her husband's amnesia for Hanzo's sake. \"Did he forget where we live?\" Kubo asked, in a surprisingly understanding way for a boy his age, making Sariatu smile. \"Did he forget about us ?\" That question, Sariatu was not prepared for. It pained her to see her son take his father's affliction so personally. \"No! Your father would never forget about us, no matter what state his memory was in. We just need to be patient with him. Can you do that for me, Kubo?\" \"Yes, mother.\" \"Good night Kubo. Don't stay up late reading comic books again, OK?\" \"I won't!\" Kubo promised and shoved his Mighty Beetle Warrior comic book under his pillow for later reading when his mother had left. Hanzo struggled with finding sleep that night, haunted by a nightmare of an intruder seeking to cause him harm. He looked at the still figure of his wife, looking so peaceful in her slumber. If only he could find such peace, he thought. Closing the bedroom door quietly, Hanzo left the room and turned towards the corridor that lead to the kitchen. Hanzo wasn't expecting to see any light in the house at this hour of the night, yet a sliver of light remained, coming from the gap between the floor and Kubo's bedroom door. Opening the door slightly and peering through, Hanzo saw the silhouette of a boy reading a book with a flashlight, projected over the blanket draped over him. \"Your mother's asleep Kubo, you don't have to read under the covers.\" Hanzo informed Kubo, guessing that it was Sariatu who had told him not to read at night. Hearing Hanzo's voice all of a sudden, Kubo sprang back a little into his propped up pillow and switched off the flashlight in a hurry. Coming to Kubo's aid, Hanzo lifted up the blanket and sat on the edge of Kubo's mattress. \"Didn't mean to scare you there… Kubo. So what was so important that you couldn't wait until tomorrow to read?\" \"This! Mighty Beetle Warrior . He's a mighty samurai cursed by a witch to have the body of Beetle. He stops greedy bandits and saves princesses!\" Kubo showed Hanzo the cover of his comic book and explained its premise excitedly, thrilled that his father was taking an interest in his favourite comic book. \"Have we read this together before?\" Hanzo asked, but regretted asking such a question when he heard the answer. \"No. You're usually too busy with work to read with me.\" Kubo answered him honestly and looked down to avoid his father's gaze. Though it hurt to hear the truth, Hanzo realized that some good could come out of his memory loss. He now had a chance to make things right, by spending more time with his son. \"I won't be going to work tomorrow. Do you want to read Mighty Beetle Warrior together, after school?\" \"Yes!\" Kubo exclaimed and hugged his father. And for the first time that evening, Hanzo truly felt at peace. The next day, Kubo's class went on a field trip to a museum in the city. He liked the samurai exhibits the most and the decorative fans, but the insect collections creeped him out. As the collective class moved on to the next exhibit, led by Mrs. Kameyo, Kubo noticed something lurking in the shadows. Standing with their back against the wall was a person dressed in black, wearing a red and white kitsune mask. Flexing their fingers, the mysterious stranger conjured up electric blue wisps of fire. Kubo watched as the flames flew towards the glass stand of an ancient mask piece and seeped under the glass, filling the case with flames. The glass shattered from the expansion of flames, scattering shards of glass in multiple directions, causing the museum visitors to scream in fear. Frozen to the spot with fear, Kubo kept his eye locked on the mask as it glided, suspended by the flames into the hands of the thief. With the mask piece secured, the thief made their escape, dissipating into the shadows. Once they had gone, Camellia; the girl who had tried to take a look at Kubo's drawing the day before, approached Kubo and placed a hand on his shoulder. Stunned by what he had witnessed, Kubo said nothing and wiped a tear from his eye. \"A museum in Tokyo has been robbed of a priceless artefact by what eyewitnesses describe as a person wielding \"magical blue fire.\" Police have no explanation for this supposed supernatural phenomenon, but urge the public to proceed with caution should they encounter such an individual, who they describe as \"a danger to public safety. \"Mother, is what they said on TV true? Am I dangerous?\" Kubo asked, once the new report had concluded. Eyes widening, Sariatu quickly turned off the television with the remote, so as to not upset Kubo any further. \"That's not true Kubo, your powers are a gift. It's the people who abuse magic who are dangerous.\" \"Are you sure?\" Kubo persisted his questions, still doubtful on the perceptions of magic, the people around him held. \"Yes!\" Sariatu and Hanzo answered in unison, silencing any doubts that Kubo might have had. Thank you for reading my story, I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. It was fun figuring out how Hanzo would get back home, how he'd act around his 'new' family and establishing conflict with the villain.[Chapter 3] Going to school the next day proved to be a difficult task for Kubo. Witnessing a robbery in progress and unable to do anything about it, coupled with the fear of the public's reaction to magic; a power he possessed, had left Kubo with a feeling of guilt and insecurity that was starting to affect his studies. Reluctant in his work and unengaged in what his teacher had to say, Kubo's mind retreated to the realm of imagination and he began to day dream. What was once Mrs Kameyo's loud and clear voice was now reduced to an indistinct murmur. The chairs and desks of Kubo's classmates transformed into walls, paintings and glass stands, the classroom taking the appearance of what seemed to be an art collection. And in the middle of it all, stood the perpetrator of the museum theft. Smiling as they helped themselves to another piece of mask, as if teasing the recipient of the vision. That was the moment when Kubo realized that this was no mere day dream. This was a premonition about the future and he had to do something. \"Kubo! The teacher is asking you a question!\" Camellia whispered, breaking Kubo out of his reverie. \"How much stronger is a monkey's sense of smell compared to us?\" Camellia whispered Kubo a clue, wishing to spare him the embarrassment of being unable to answer the question in front of the class. \"Ten times! Mrs Kameyo.\" Kubo answered. \"Very good. I see you were paying attention during our field trip.\" Mrs Kameyo praised Kubo's attentiveness. \"Thanks for the save.\" Kubo gave his thanks in a hushed tone. \"Don't mention it.\" Camellia smiled at Kubo. Her eagerness to help him and her smile, giving him the support he needed to keep his focus up and endure the rest of the day. With Hanzo in the passenger seat of her car, listening to the radio, Sariatu drove towards Kubo's school to pick him up. As a news bulletin ended on the radio, a memory flashed in Hanzo's mind. \"That news report the other day… I've remembered something. The person who broke into my office, they stole something from me as well. Like the piece of mask that was stolen from the museum.\" \"You mean the eyes of your father's mask you keep on your desk? Could they be related?\" Sariatu asked, trying to make sense of it all. \"I have a hunch they are.\" Hanzo answered in a foreboding tone. After a few minutes of driving, they had arrived at Kubo's school. Parking the car, Sariatu and Hanzo waited for Kubo to show up. No sooner had she parked, than Kubo opened the car door and climbed inside. \"Hey Kubo! What did you learn in school today?\" Hanzo asked, turning his head around from the front seat to face his son. \"Things.\" Kubo simply replied with a cheeky grin on his face. \"What kinds of things?\" Hanzo emphasized, trying to coax the knowledge Kubo had learned out of him. \"Monkeys!\" Kubo answered, cherry picking his favourite part of the day's classes. Eyebrows raising at the answer, Hanzo continued to press for information. \" And? \" \"And maths and the different parts of a boat and…\" Kubo complied and gave his father the boring answer he wanted to hear. \"Mother, can you drop me off here? A friend invited me to his place.\" Kubo changed the subject. He had told his parents about his day. It was the least they could do. \"Are you sure you don't want me to drive you there? Where does your friend live?\" Sariatu checked with Kubo as he stepped out the car. \"It's OK Mother, it's close.\" Kubo reassured her and waved good-bye. \"OK then, but be back before five!\" Sariatu reminded him and drove away. Pulling his Mighty Beetle Warrior comic book out of his school bag, Kubo looked to its pages for guidance. As the Mighty Beetle Warrior exacted his revenge on the witch who cursed him, Kubo's resolve was sealed. He would find the art collection in his vision and stop the thief from stealing the piece of the mask. That would be his revenge. Taking out a piece of paper from his back and his shamisen from his guitar case, Kubo made an origami figure of a bird and began strumming his shamisen, bringing the bird to life. He then told it: \"Find the mask.\" Obeying its master's words, the bird rose up and flew towards its destination, with Kubo running in close pursuit. Chasing after the bird until he was panting heavily, Kubo finally arrived at the location of the vision. A private residence with a separate building, serving as a venue for an art collection. Squeezing through the gap created by a dislodged plank of wood in the fence, Kubo had overcome the first obstacle. Now facing the private building, Kubo noticed the backdoor was ajar. That meant that the owner was around somewhere, but it also meant that Kubo did not have to worry about unlocking the door. Entering the building, Kubo saw a vast arrangement of paintings depicting flowers, starry nights and grand landscapes. But as Kubo took stock of his surroundings, the thief who was already on the scene, held the piece of mask in their hands. Noticing Kubo's presence, the thief cursed, \"YOU!\" Recognizing Kubo from the museum. \"You're not going to steal any more masks, because I'm going to stop you.\" Kubo declared with a firm voice. \"I'd like to see you try, little boy!\" The thief taunted, aiming a ball of flame towards Kubo's head. Parking the car near the driveway of their house, Sariatu sensed that her son was in imminent danger. \"Kubo's in trouble! We have to go back!\" Screaming as the ball of flame hurtled towards him, Kubo ducked out of its path, narrowly missing having his hair singed. Taking an assortment of origami arrows he had folded beforehand out of his bag, Kubo launched them at the thief by playing his shamisen, igniting them with the power of his magic as they neared their target. One of the arrows met their mark, making the thief drop the mask. Luckily for them, the thief caught the mask before it hit the floor. With their eyes on the ground, the thief noticed the rest of the arrows that had missed their target burning on the ground. Out of spite, the thief threw the burning arrows at a stack of paintings on the ground, setting them ablaze. It was then that the owner of the gallery finally made their appearance. Entering the gallery through the front door, witness to a scene filled with flames and smoke and two arsonists standing in the middle of it. Dropping his shamisen in fright from the surprise appearance of the owner, Kubo's shamisen played a sour note as it hit the ground. Quickly picking it up, Kubo made his escape through the back door, while the thief dissipated into the shadows. Seeing a familiar white car near the road, Kubo ran towards it, swiftly opened the door and got in. \"Kubo! What did you do?\" Hanzo asked, alarmed by the whole scenario. \"I had a vision of the thief at the museum stealing another mask. I tried to stop him.\" \"It's OK Kubo, but we'll have to lay low for a while. My brother Hatori owns a house not far from here, we'll be safe there.\" Hanzo tried to comfort a despondent looking Kubo. Thank you very much for reading my story, I hope you enjoyed it and would love to know your thoughts on it. This was the second hardest chapter to write since it involved writing about Kubo facing both an internal and external battle, but it was worth the trouble because it ties into the final chapter nicely.[Chapter 4] The inside of uncle Hatori's mansion was lavish and vast. Decorated with antique paintings on the walls, but outfitted with modern conveniences such as a wall mounted television, a pool table and a large sofa. The interior of Hatori's home exuded a sense of luxury that left Kubo in awe. \"Brother, you probably don't recognize him, since the last time you met he was just a baby, but this is my son, Kubo.\" Hanzo introduced Kubo to his brother. \"How could I forget the face of your little boy? It's a pleasure to see you again, Kubo.\" Hatori smiled and shook Kubo's hand. His words seemed amicable enough, but there was something familiar about the way he said them. As Hatori withdrew his arm, Kubo spotted several red marks on the palm of his hand, prompting him to whisper to his mother. \"Mother, uncle Hatori has burns on his hands.\" \"He must have burned them trying to light his fireplace.\" Sariatu gave Kubo a likely explanation, uncertain why Kubo had chosen to tell her this. Seeing that he wasn't getting through to her, Kubo whispered urgently with more convincing argument. \"But his clothes smell like smoke and his voice sounds like the man who set the paintings on fire!\" Realizing what Kubo was alluding to, Sariatu urged him to keep his voice down. Looking around the lounge room to find any new additions to use as a conversation starter, Hanzo noticed several wads of cash littered on the coffee table. \"I see that gambling has played out well for you. You don't have happen to have a good luck charm you can lend me, do you?\" Hanzo made a joke about the suspicious looking currency. \"Oh, I have one or three lucky trinkets, I recently acquired.\" Hatori brought the subject up in a smug way. Looking around for a means of escape, Kubo noticed something familiar on the coffee table; an assembled mask, consisting of three pieces. Trying to warn his father of the danger that was standing right beside him, Kubo walked around the coffee table and not so subtly pointed to the mask placed upon it. Getting the hint, Hanzo gave his brother an allusion of his own. \"I used to have a lucky charm in my office, but someone stole it .\" \"Tough luck.\" Hatori remarked without a hint of remorse. \"Nice mask you got there. It looks just like the one in my office and the piece stolen from the museum.\" Hanzo retorted to the callous remark. \"You surprise me, Hanzo! You figured it out a lot quicker than I ever expected. But you always were such a fast learner.\" Hatori used the compliment to his brother to divert attention away from himself, as he slanted his arm to pick up the mask unnoticed. \"Hand over the mask, Hatori.\" Hanzo demanded with a stern voice. His brother's transgressions making the responsibility of ensuring the return of the mask to their proper owners to fall upon him. \"I can't do that, brother.\" \"Then I will have to take it from you.\" Hanzo made his intentions clear. \"I'm not going to harm you Hanzo, but I can't make any promises about your wife and son.\" Hatori assured Hanzo of his safety and placed the mask on his face. The power within, enveloping Hatori in golden smoke. Transmogrifying his body into a creature created from the sum parts of the animals depicted on each piece of the mask; the head of a golden heron, the body of a fox and the tongue and fangs of a viper. \"Why are you doing this?\" Hanzo asked, horrified at the sight of his brother's transformation. \"Why? Because ever since you met her , her family has treated us with nothing but contempt, because mortals like us aren't worthy of associating with a divine family like theirs. But now that I have power to rival their own, I can show them what our family is truly capable of!\" Hatori explained with venom in his voice, shooting a ball of flame towards Sariatu and Kubo as he finished speaking. \"Get down!\" Hanzo tackled his wife and son to the ground, making them land behind the sofa, out of harm's way from the surging flame. \"It was bad enough that your father slandered your own husband's company, Sariatu. But nearly bankrupting mine? That was poor taste, even for a politician\" Hatori lectured his prey. Waiting for her to come out from her hiding spot. \"When I step out, take Kubo with you and run. He won't harm me.\" Hanzo instructed his wife. \"Promise me you'll come home in one piece.\" Sariatu clutched Hanzo's arms as she pleaded for his safe return. \"I promise.\" \"It's no use Hanzo, I can foresee your every move, smell you wherever you hide.\" Hatori boasted the powers of the mask with glee. \"Then I'll save you the trouble.\" Hanzo stepped out from behind the sofa with his arms spread out defiantly. \"Did I mention the mask can even make you do my bidding? So be a good little brother and take another nap.\" Having paid close attention to Hatori, Hanzo had no idea that the very eye contact he had given his brother, had made him susceptible to his suggestions. And upon hearing those words, collapsed to the ground like a ragdoll, rendered unconscious by the mask's power of persuasion. \"Father!\" Kubo exclaimed out of concern for his father, inadvertently revealing his location to Hatori. \"Your father is catching up on his sleep, Kubo. If you don't want to end up like him then stay out of the way!\" Hatori warned his nephew. Seeing that Kubo had gathered Hatori's attention, Sariatu ran towards a glass case containing an antique fan; an item she could use to channel her magic to take down Hatori. \"I didn't say you could leave!\" Hatori blasted a fireball towards the glass case, the shards of glass cutting Sariatu across the face, sending her falling to the ground, unconscious. \"What now, Kubo? Are you going to go down like your mother and father?\" Hatori scoffed as Kubo stepped out from behind the sofa, shamisen in hand. \"No, I'm not. You thought you could teach our family a lesson by stealing the mask and using it against us. But it only brought our family together. I spent time with my father, my mother told me she believed in me. Those memories give me courage. The courage to do this!\" Kubo struck the strings of his shamisen with a pick, sending a wave of magic towards Hatori, shattering the mask into pieces and reverting Hatori to his original state. Running over to his mother to see if she was OK. Kubo gave her a hand and helped her to her feet. Kneeling down beside his father, Sariatu followed after Kubo to where her husband lay down, still unconscious. \"Hanzo! Wake up!\" Sariatu cried out, in an effort to wake her husband. \"I'm up!\" Hanzo suddenly rose, his face now inches from his wife's. She smiled with relief now that her husband had finally awakened. He smiled back, but the smile faded when he saw the bleeding cut across her eye. Furious at his wife's injury, Hanzo stood over Hatori's form lying on the floor. \"For what you have done, I can longer consider you my family.\" Hanzo cut his ties to his treacherous brother and left his home with his wife and son. \"Your loss…\" Hatori quipped. \"It looks like our little fox servant has failed in his task, even with the power I granted him. It's so hard to find good help nowadays. But at least I have the two of you.\" An old man sitting in his office announced to his audience of two. \"Find the remains of the mask and bring them to me.\" The old man commanded. \"Yes, Father.\" The two raven haired women answered in unison and took off. If Kubo and the Two Strings was about Sariatu's personal story, then Kubo and the Heaven's mask is Hanzo's story. In the original movie Kubo lost his parents, but gained a grandfather. In this one Kubo still has his parents, but loses an uncle and gains a dangerous adversary that could threaten to tear his family apart in the future.[Chapter 5] It wasn't easy coping with the ordeal of having one of their own turn against them. But with fresh sea air, abundant sunshine and plenty of activities to occupy their time, a cruise was exactly what their family needed to make their spirits soar. Finding the best cruise they could afford, Kubo and his family boarded the next available one and set off for some well-deserved vacation time. Getting a nice tan, dancing on the deck or watching a movie on the big screen. Choosing a favourite activity to do on a cruise was a difficult task. The choice for Hanzo however, was an easy one; eating from the buffet table. A service with a variety of selections to cater to his love of food and vast appetite. Sariatu didn't much care for her husband's messy eating habits. Or her son starting the first course of his meal with ice-cream, followed by pizza. But her family were enjoying themselves, and for that she was grateful. And if it meant that she would be spared the responsibility of cooking for her family and doing a bad job of it, then she was happy to hold her tongue. \"Dad, can you get me some more lemon ice-cream, please?\" Kubo asked his father, with an endearing grin. Cheeky boy. Sariatu thought. Trying to win his father over with a cute smile to save himself the short trip to the buffet table. It worked too. \"Got it! Honey, do you want anything?\" Hanzo asked his wife, being the considerate man that he was. \"That chickpea salad was nice.\" Sariatu remarked, being partial to foods with a crunchy texture. \"OK. I'll be back in a tick.\" Hanzo told them and went to retrieve the desired foods from the buffet table. While Hanzo was doing that, Sariatu took this opportunity to bring up the topic of food with Kubo. \"So Kubo, what's your favourite food you've eaten today?\" \"Pizza.\" Kubo answered with a grin. Sariatu was not surprised by this. Though she tried her hardest to cook healthy, tasty meals for her family. The allure of junk food was always too strong for her son to resist. \"Anything else?\" Sariatu prompted him for another answer. Hopefully it was a different, healthier food. \"Ice-cream!\" Kubo cried out cheerfully. \"Have you eaten anything else, besides that today?\" Sariatu asked. She had only seen Kubo eat pizza and ice-cream, but had hopes that he had eaten nutritious food when she wasn't looking. \"No.\" Kubo replied with no regrets, confirming her suspicions. But before Sariatu could even think about berating Kubo for his poor food choices, Hanzo returned with two plates of food. \"Here's that salmon you asked for.\" Hanzo placed a plate in front of Kubo, with a grilled fillet of salmon upon it. \"Dad, I asked for lemon ice-cream, not salmon.\" Kubo reminded him. \"Heh, heh. Guess I only remembered the 'mon' part.\" Hanzo chuckled at his own mistake. \"And here's your… chicken?\" Hanzo announced tentatively and placed the second plate in front of his wife. \"You only remembered the 'chick' part.\" Sariatu also corrected him. Though she would not laugh out loud, she certainly was laughing on the inside. Her husband had always been a funny man. That's what she loved about him. He made others laugh without even trying. Giggling at both his father's mistakes, Kubo remembered his manners and thanked his father. \"Thank you, for bringing it anyway. I'll still eat it.\" Kubo proceeded to cut the fish into large pieces, so he could fit as much of it in his mouth as fast as possible. A habit he had picked up from his voracious father. \"Looks like all that memory loss didn't completely go away.\" Sariatu dryly remarked, poking fun at her husband's lapse in memory, showing that despite all they had been through, she could still recognize the humour in the situation. \"What? No! I forgot things even before , I got hit on the head.\" Hanzo protested, not wanting the blame to be fully placed on his head trauma. Which was strange, Sariatu thought. Most people would be glad to blame their forgetfulness on something beyond their control. Her husband was strange like that, but it was charming in a way. Two hours passed and the family had eaten to their satisfaction, until no food could tempt them into eating any more. With their stomachs full, Kubo and his parents watched a movie in the ship's indoor theatre, enjoying the immersion that came with watching a film on the biggest available screen. Having finished the movie, Kubo was now in an excitable mood, eager for some action. So his parents took him to a place where he could best expend his energy; the ship's swimming pool. Already gifted with an athletic physique. Swimming itself and holding his breath for long periods of time while submerged underwater, was another of Hanzo's numerous talents. It was the empowering feeling that Hanzo enjoyed the most about swimming underwater. Pushing against the weight of the water with his muscles and defying his need to breathe for a few seconds at a time made him feel strong. But in a way, it also made him vulnerable. \" I can see you .\" Hanzo heard the voice of his brother taunting him, as a boy with goggles and a snorkel swam past him. He froze in that instant. Reliving the moment when he was helpless to stop his brother from hurting his family. Luckily, such a memory was cut short, when his need for oxygen drove him to rise to the surface. Climbing the small ladder on the side of the pool, Hanzo went to join his wife who was reclining on a folding chair under the comforting shade of a parasol. Drying himself off with a towel, Hanzo lay on the folding chair besides her. \"That was quick. Did you get bored of swimming already?\" She asked, knowing the tendency of her husband's mind to wander. \"No. It's not that.\" Hanzo brushed off her inquiry, trying to conceal what was bothering him. \"Then what is it?\" Sariatu asked. If he wouldn't answer her last question, then she would ask for a straight answer this time. \"Being under the water and seeing someone with goggles on… It reminded me of that mask .\" Hanzo told her the truth, the displeasure of talking about it, evident in his voice. \"I'm sorry darling, I thought this cruise could take our mind off things.\" \"It's not your fault. But you're taking things much better than I am. Look at you, you used to love swimming. And now you can't because your scar is still healing.\" Hanzo deflected her sympathy and reminded his wife of her resilience in the face of what she had lost. \"That may be true, but seeing our son having the time of his life and having you by my side is all the healing I need.\" Sariatu agreed and kissed her husband on the cheek, to thank him for his support. A/N: This is a companion piece to the main story, that explores how the characters are coping with what happened. ","Summary":" A young boy hovering in place with a shamisen in his arms, suspended by a flock birds. It's not wha"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Attack the block - 1 year later - Moses","Author":"ATBfan12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9493553","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I sat, staring at the mahogany brown coffee table. My hands wrapped round a pale blue mug, the smell of hot chocolate engulfed me. I turned my head to look at the calender behind me. A cold shiver ran up my spine as I looked at today's date. A year today. I couldn't believe the year had pasted so quickly. 5th of November. A day I'd never forget, not because it was Guy Fawkes night, but because of the fact it was the day aliens invaded and the day two of best friends died. I jumped slightly as my adoptive mother came in and sat on the other side of the table of me. You wouldn't think that this time last year she was a victim of a mugging. And it was me behind the mugging. I gulped and painted a fake smile on my face. \"You okay Moses?\" Sam asked me as she took a sip of her own hot chocolate before brushing her hair out of her eye. I nodded and looked down before looking back up at her. \"Uh, Yeah..I'm alright.\" I nodded again, still smiling a fake smile. \"You?\" I asked. \"Yes, I'm ok.\" She smiled back at me. \"If you like, we could have dinner then go down to the graveyard and lay some fresh flowers on Jerome's and Dennis' graves?\" She said, her voice a little shaky but she tired her best to hold herself together. \"Yeah, but I'll skip dinner, I have no appetite.\" I replied, taking a long sip of my hot chocolate before placing the mug back in front of me. \"Are you sure?\" Sam asked me, a small frown appeared across her face. She was like a mum to me. The only thing closest to family I have. After blowing up my flat to kill the aliens, I had no place to go, literally nothing left. All my possessions were ruined in the fire and after that, my uncle never returned its been 3 years since I last saw him and he won't be returning any time soon. A couple of months after the invasion, sam took me in and after a month of living with her, she adopted me. I love it, the only thing I don't like is having to go back to school. As least Pest is my class. He got made to go back to school as well. \"Yeah I'm sure\" I nodded my head and smiled reassuringly. \"I'll get someting to eat later, I promise.\" \"Good.\" She replied before finishing off her hot chocolate and place the empty mug into the sink. I watched her before copying her actions. \"Do you want to go and knock for Pest to see if he wants to come with us? I could go to the shop and get the flowers while you do?\" She asked, looking at me. \"Aye, I'll do that.\" I smiled and went into the sitting room and sat down, putting on my shoes. Biggz no longer lives in the block. His parents made him move house. He now lives in the North of London. I must admit, I do miss him. He was a good kid with a brilliant sense of humour, plus he was amazing on Fifa and Pokemon. \"Won't belong.\" I shouted to Sam before exiting the house. I walked out of the flat and down the corridor, towards the elevator. I frowned and pulled up my jacket hood. I wondered how Pest was, I never released it had been 5 days since I last saw or heard from him. Me and Pest had been friends since I can remember, we're really close. I pressed the button for the elevator and leaned against the pillar and waited for the elevator to come up. I watched the screen display and counted the floors. '11, 10, 9..' And so on, and so on. Finally it reached my floor, the 1st floor. I looked around before walking into the elevator. I pressed the button for the lift to go down. The doors closed and the lift started to slowly go up. The elevator finally reached Pest's floor. I walked out of the lift as the doors opened. I looked around before slowly making my way towards the door of Pest's flat. Pest lived with his nan, he always had. I held my hand out to the buzzer and hesitated for a moment before finally pressing in. I sighed and placed my hands into my pockets, waiting for someone to answer. I looked up as the door slowly opened, smiling as I saw Pest's nan standing there. \"Hey, is Pest in?\" I asked, still smiling at her. \"Yes dear, come on in.\" She replied, smiling back at me. She was a kind woman, always happy to help. She stepped aside to let me in. \"Thanks.\" I said as I walked into the flat and turned to face her. Pest must been in his bedroom, I thought to myself as he wasn't in the sitting room. \"He's just in his bedroom, 2 seconds and I'll go get him.\" She smiled sweetly at me then walked towards Pest's room. She knocked on the door twice before slowly opening the door. A few seconds later she re-appeared, Pest following behind her. I looked down then back up and smiled slightly at Pest. \"Yo.\" I greeted him and he nodded, smiling a little back at me. \"Hey\" he replied to me and walked over to where I was standing. \"I'm going out nan.\" He told her then walked out of the flat. I looked at his nan before following Pest out of the flat. I closed the door behind me then looked at Pest. \"Sam's takin' me to put fresh flowers on Dennis' and Jerome's graves, want to come with?\" I asked him and took my hands out of my pockets. Pest turned around to look at me nodded his head. \"Aye sure, I'll come.\" I nodded his head slightly and smiled a little. \"I can't believe its been a year.\" I sighed quietly, frowning a little. Pest sighed also and put his hands into his jacket pocket. \"Ay, neither can I.\" He looked at me then looked down at the ground. I frowned again then looked away from him. \"Come on, we should get gannin.\" I looked back to him then looked towards the elevator. \"Sam will be waitin'\" Pest looked up to me and smiled slightly then walked to the elevator. I looked behind me before following him to the elevator. I pulled up my hood and pressed the button for the elevator. I looked to Pest then looked back to the elevator. The elevator doors opened and I walked in with my hands in my pockets. Pest hesitated before following me into the elevator. I pressed the button for the first floor then leaned against the side as the lift started to go down. ","Summary":" I sat, staring at the mahogany brown coffee table. My hands wrapped round a pale blue mug, the smel"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Attack The Block","Author":"atbluv","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11408840","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: In this story, Dennis, Biggz, Pest, Jerome and Moses are aged 19, my OC (Daniela) is Dennis's little sister, aged 18. I don't own Attack The Block, only Daniela and any other OC's :) (Also the script has changed because I can't remember the words...sorry..) I went out to look for my older brother..again. It was at least ten at night, it was the fifth of November (bonfire night). He left earlier but never said where he was going. So now I was searching the streets for my idiot if a brother - all by myself. I pulled my phone and unlocked it to call Dennis. It went straight to voicemail. \"Dennis, when you get this, call me ba-\" before I could finish, I felt someone pick me up. In shock, I dropped my phone. I heard five laughs behind me. I turned around. \"What the actual fuck, Dennis?\" I yelled. I picked up my phone to see it was slightly cracked. \"This is an iPhone 6, Dennis! Dickhead.\" I mutter and shove my phone into my hoodie pocket. \"Don't treat your sis like that, bruv.\" Moses said and walked over to me. \"Thank you, Moses.\"I said as he wrapped one of his arms around my shoulders. \"Watch where you put dem hands, yeah Moses? She's still my lil sis, get me?\" Dennis warned. \"What's a little girl like you doin out at did time of the fuckin night? Go back home and do your homework or summet man,\" Pest said to me. \"Fuck off.\" I replied. \"Someone's cranky.\" He laughed. \"Well I did leave the comfort of my home for my prick of a brother in the middle of the night.\" I sighed. \"Nah, man, you can't cuss your brother like dat you know.\" Biggz said. \"He knows I'm jokin wiv 'im. Innit, Den?\" I laughed. He kissed his teeth at me. \"Moses look, over there.\" Jerome pointed at a woman with a green scarf, turquoise beanie , gloves and a big brown coat stood. \"She looks loaded, her.\" Dennis pulled up his bandana as a mask, as did the rest of the boys. \"Oh no, no no, I'm going home. Enjoy whatever you need to do. Call me later, Dennis.\" I said. Before they could all leave, I grab Moses' shoulder and turn him to face me. I look up at him as I'm a lot shorter than him. He's around 6\"1 and I'm 5\"3. \"You call me later too, okay?\" I whisper. \"Okay.\" He bends down and kisses my cheek. \"See you later, Daniela.\" ","Summary":" Note: In this story, Dennis, Biggz, Pest, Jerome and Moses are aged 19, my OC (Daniela) is Dennis's"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"It's Always Pest","Author":"the ocean weekender","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10640734","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's always Pest \"It's always Pest. Always without fail= Pest and that stupid hat of his that he doesn't take off even in the summer. Pest the weird one. Pest the crazy one, Pest the mad one. Always Pest.\" Pre-slash, maybe? ~0~ On a normal day, when they all should really have been at school and they were skiving off, because who really needed school in this shithole? Not like anyone was getting further than prison, or another shitty flat and shitty minimum wage job. Moses could count the number of times he had been in this term on one hand. Dennis, Jerome and Biggz could be counted on to attend maybe one day out of five and Pest went most Thursdays to get a free meal from the college course that the school had set him up on. Whether he actually learned anything useful was anyone's guess, although he knew enough to fix one of their bikes when they broke. But most (because normal was the majority, or some bullshit like that the boy in Maths spouted) days, they start off at Moses' flat- Uncle never there except the occasional Sunday. He answers the door to Biggz, or Dennis, or Jerome, and then the other two. Pest is last, he is always last but he usually brings some of the breakfast his Nan always makes him eat. Not like the school bother with calling home, anyway, they prefer to talk about them in the staffroom with cups of tea and eye rolls and 'typical' for everyone coming from the Block. Pest is always last, and they smoke and then get themselves out just in time for people to be coming home from work, or even school. Daylight isn't the best for what they have to do, but some alleys are good enough. It gets them by- Dennis can help pay bills when his Dad is out of work (again), Pest can get his Mum a train ticket (not that he ever knows where to send it), Jerome can help his sister get school books (not that she'll ever escape the Block) and Moses and Biggz can feel for a while that they're not totally poor and hopeless (even though they are). It gets them by, which is all that matters. Some days they stay out until God knows when and others they go to Ron's weed room and get high as anything, talking about everything in the world. So what's not normal is for him to open his eyes and to be on the floor of Jerome's bedroom, head pounding like there's a team with sledgehammers pounding at his skull. \"Fucking hell,\" he mutters and somewhere above him there's a groan and Jerome peeks over the side of the bed, looking as rough as Moses feels. \"Fucking hell,\" Jerome echoes quietly. \"The fuck went down last night, blood?\" \"Dunno,\" he mutters in return. \"Some fucking rough shit is all I know.\" \"You don't say,\" Jerome retorts, pushing himself upright and somehow not puking. Moses, on the other hand, is quite comfy where he is, using dirty laundry as his pillow. \"Was there booze?\" he asks eventually. \"Or was it weed?\" \"Both, fam'\" Jerome tells him, chucking a tinfoil packet of painkillers onto the floor next to him. \"Dunno where the others are, 'nd Pest still ain't answering his phone.\" Ah, Pest, Moses thinks. It's always Pest. Always without fail= Pest and that stupid hat of his that he doesn't take off even in the summer. Pest the weird one. Pest the crazy one, Pest the mad one. Always Pest. But he hasn't really been around for a while and Moses would text but none of the others got a reply and his Nan told him that he had been trying to sort things out with his Mum so Moses was giving him space. Not that he could really understand why precisely anyone would want to 'sort things out' with their junkie mother, but still. Each to their own or some shit like that. \"Want some?\" Jerome offers the Pot-Noodle- apparently it's never lunch than breakfast. \"Nah, man,\" Moses declines, finally pulling himself into a sitting position and swallowing down two of the painkillers dry. Jerome shrugs, takes back the packet and goes to put it back in the bathroom cupboard. \"Biggz and Dennis both ended up at Dennis',\" he tells Moses. \"You got bare hammered last night, bruv. 'S whyyou're here and not downstairs- said you passed out halfway through and Pest weren't around to carry you downstairs, man.\" Because Pest was the only one who would be stupid enough to try and give someone a fireman's lift down umpteen staircases when drunk. \"Where the hell's Pest staying?\" Moses questions. \"At his Mum's- Nan's away for a week,\" he explains, scooping more food into his mouth. \"Havin' a 'trial run' or something, bruv.\" Moses nods, only just realising he has no shirt or socks on. Jerome flicks on the telly, BBC anthem blaring in the otherwise quiet flat and Moses spots his socks on the window sill. O….k, seems it was a very strange night. ~0~ They end up watching fucking Jeremy Kyle of all things. And it's not too bad, until the story changes to \"My parents are dead and my Uncle abandoned me!\" and Moses says \"Let's go find the others, man.\" And Jerome gives him a look , but he doesn't say anything so Moses thinks he can deal with that. Just about. They're halfway to Dennis' flat when Jerome's mobile squeaks (Moses couldn't find his. Was probably still in his flat) and his friend pales. \"What?!\" Moses demands, grabbing the phone and reading the text from Biggz. \"GET TO DENNISS! MAN DOWN! PEST DOWN!\" their eyes meet and then they are running down the stairs, taking them two, three, four at a time because Pest needs their help . ~0~ \"What the fuck?!\" Moses almost- okay, does- yells. On the landing between staircases just above the corridor where Dennis lives, the other three of their five sit. Biggz is at the bottom of the steps that they are coming down, and Dennis is at the top of the other; Pest is slumped against the railings in between the pair, hat clutched in slim fingers as Dennis talks in hushed tones and Biggz holds a crumpled wad of tissues to his head- Moses tries to pretend his heart doesn't miss a beat when he sees the red stain on them. Dennis looks up, puts a finger to his lips to shush them and gestures for Biggz to hand over the tissues so he can fill in the other two. \"I just found him here, fam'\" he murmurs quietly. \"Dunno what the fuck's been going on, just found him lying here with his head all cut up 'nd he's lost the key to his Nan's flat.\" \"Why ain't he at his Mum's?\" Jerome asks, confused beyond all reason. \"Wouldn't tell me, bruv,\" the other shrugs apologetically. \"Would have texted sooner but he didn't want us to.\" At that moment, Pest starts to cough. Harsh, painful, broken coughs that make the other four wince in sympathy and feel more than just slightly concerned when he tries not to make how much it actually hurts show. \"His Nan ain't back for another five days,\" Dennis injects helpfully. Moses takes one look at the fingers wrapped around the hat, slim and pale and fragile and shaking and he makes up his mind. \"He can sleep on my sofa,\" he announces. Pest shakes his head. \"'M fine, don't need no couch, bruv,\" he slurs tiredly, eyelids dropping. Jerome snorts before frowning, \"D'you think he has a concussion?\" Both Dennis and Biggz turn and give him puzzled looks and Moses is glad that he's not the only one with no fucking idea what that means. ~0~ When it gets around to be proper night time, Moses and Pest are sitting on the sofa in front of the television and Moses desperately needs a smoke but Pest keeps coughing and wheezing and he can't be arsed to actually get up and go smoke by the window. The blonde is back to wearing the hat, and Moses can't actually see the cut on his head but he knows what it looks like- Jerome's sister keeps a very extensive first aid kit under her bed, who knew?- because he helped Jerome patch their friend up. \"She kicked me out,\" Pest mutters. \"Same day I went cuz' I asked for money to go get us chips and she wanted it for drugs instead 'nd I would have let it go but I hadn't got no breakfast 'nd I was bare starving.\" Moses feels guilty, because he and the other three stole most (okay, all) of the toast that Pest had brought to his flat three days ago and the hat-wearing teen hadn't complained once. Pest shifts, coughing as he rests his head on Moses' shoulder. \"I know,\" he murmurs at the other's look. \"But you're comfy, bruv.\" Moses wants to shake him off, leave him on the sofa and crash in his bed, but he's known Pest since Year fucking two , knows things about him that no one else does and told him secrets he would never tell anyone else and that means something , though he doesn't know what. His friend looks up at him and gives him a grin, but it doesn't make him look alive like it normally does; it just makes him look tired and vulnerable and Moses tries not to flinch at how hot the pale skin feels against his neck. ~0~ He ends up falling asleep spread-eagle on the couch, with Pest still curled up next to him with his head still on his shoulder and skin still burning. They wake up at seven, because Pest is coughing again and Moses doesn't have the heart to complain because his friend looks like shit and it makes him wonder if he actually got any sleep because it sure as hell doesn't look like it. Eventually, the fit dies down- and Moses has never been more thankful because he thinks Pest's lips are actually starting to go ever so slightly blue. But it still isn't ok because when he asks if he's hungry, Pest says no . And he is always hungry. That's what makes him Pest. \"Can't be arsed to eat, bruv,\" he mutters and Moses has literally no idea how to react to that so he just flicks on the telly, but with the volume so low it might as well be on mute. So many questions lie between them, but they don't talk because that would mean, well, talking . \"I couldn't breathe,\" Pest admits. \"Was dark when she kicked me out- ended up sleeping in a doorway , bruv. 'Nd when I woke up people kept thinking I were a fucking hobo and I got money- bare loads- and it were raining so I got food and then it got dark again so I just slept on a park bench, dunno why I didn't think of crashing on your couch before.\" He stops to cough and Moses really does flinch at how shaking fingers grip the hem of a shirt so tightly that the knuckles go white. \"Calm the fuck down, man,\" Moses says, trying to lighten the mood as he smacks the younger on the back to try and get him to stop. \"Thanks,\" Pest wheezes. \"Figured out I should find a couch to sleep on, so I tried to find your flat but I ended up going too far up cuz my head weren't exactly right; so I turned round to go back down but then it all went weird and dizzy and I couldn't breathe.\" Moses had sort of guessed and he can see it: staircase stretching out endlessly and everything a mass of swirling colours like in a 60's TV show. It's more than a bit scary. \"Yeah, but you're ok now, ain't ya, cuz?\" and it's a huge-ass fucking lie, because someone who is ok doesn't cough like that. Doesn't live in a shithole of a council estate with no money going spare and dead or absent parents and teachers at a school they rarely go to who don't bother because they've seen it all before and know the life that awaits them. \"Yeah, bruv,\" Pest more wheezes than says. \"I'm okay now.\" ","Summary":" It's always Pest \"It's always Pest. Always without fail= Pest and that stupid hat of his that he d"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"The Expression on His Face","Author":"Shi Shi Gashira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8638307","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Attack the Block. Brewis POV Brewis watched Moses leap the sofa and escape the flat before he slammed shut the door to Ron's weed room. This evening had been very exciting, but it was much too stressful for someone so profoundly stoned. He turned to Pest and asked \"Now what do we do, mate?\" He knew he should be embarrassed to ask someone a kid to take charge, but Pest lived in the Block and was maybe slightly less stoned than Brewis felt. Pest looked around the room and said, \"Here bruv, help me get this sorted.\" He then proceeded to stuff cling film covered bricks of weed into a large, bin bag. He looked all around the counter tops and shelves to find anything he could grab and throw in the bag. \"What are we doing?\" Brewis asked looking perplexed. He thought that trying to escape a building full of \"po-po\" while carrying a couple stone of weed might be a very bad idea. Pest gave him a \"you're an idiot\" look and said, \"High Hatz is dead, Ron has probably already made his escape, and this will be the first place the feds come to when they get in the building. We're grabbing bare weed and then getting the fuck outa here.\" Pest answered with a smug grin. Brewis was relieved that Pest had a plan, so he nodded and smiled, \"Excellent plan. How are we getting out?\" \"We're not getting out. We're staying in the ends. You need to help me get to my flat. My leg has about had it. We can hole up with my Nan until the feds leave, and\" Pest added with a pointed look, \"I think I have some tracksuit pants you can borrow.\" Pest looked appraisingly at Brewis wearing nothing but a thin striped tee shirt and some boxer briefs. Pest picked up Brewis' brown jacket and handed it to him. \"Put this on and fill the pockets.\" Brewis gathered a large bin bag of weed and then cracked the door to see if it was safe to leave the room. He though that Pest's plan was a good one. He especially liked the part where he could get some trousers on. It was cold as a witch's tit out and Sam had most of his clothes. Brewis picked up a push broom, gestured for Pest to follow him, and started tip toeing out the door. \"You look well stupid, bruv, believe.\" Pest said to a dumbfounded Brewis. \"We're gonna have to move faster than that unless you want to run into the feds. Get your arm around me and help me run. I live in 9B. We should take the stairs.\" Brewis watched as Pest grabbed his back pack which was stuffed with Ron's favourite bong, a metal lock box, and three bricks of weed. It was Brewis who blushed this time when he imagined how stupid he looked trying to sneak around and said, \"Sorry mate, let me know if we are going too fast.\" Brewis dropped the broom and slipped his arm under Pest's and gripped his ribcage. In order to get a good grip, he had to put his hand under Pest's bulky coat. He was surprised at just how small Pest was under several layers of bulky clothes. He could easily tuck the smaller boy under his arm, and it was a little awkward to act as a crutch because he was taller than Pest. If not for the large bin bags he was hauling, Brewis thought it would have been easier to just pick Pest up and carry him. They managed to make surprisingly quick progress out of Ron's flat and down the stairs to Pest's place. At several points in the journey, Brewis thought he heard monsters or Feds, but Pest always new which way to go to avoid them. Brewis had never been so relieved to arrive at a shabby council flat. Pest cracked open the door to his flat while making a shushing noise to Brewis. \"Now is the time for tip toeing.\" He grinned at Brewis. The pair crept behind Pest's Nan's chair in the darkened living room. Brewis could just make out soft snores from the grey head asleep in the recliner. The room was filled with a soft glow from the telly between the windows. Pest made a quick follow me hand motion and limped down the hallway to the last bedroom door. Once they were both inside the room, Pest locked the door, turned on a small lamp, and collapsed on the bed with a groan. He then reached up and took off his woollen, ear flapped hat. Brewis thought to himself that kid sure did have a lot of hair up under that hat as wavy, honey coloured hair fell well below Pest's shoulders. Pest had removed his hat up in the weed room, but Brewis had not noticed all that hair. It must have been behind Pest's shoulders or tucked into his hoody. Brewis slowly surveyed the room he was standing in. An empty cardboard box with a colourful picture of fireworks on the side was pulled halfway out from under the bed. Next to the box was a pair of dirty trainers and a round cushion. The rest of the room was surprisingly tidy. An old wardrobe stood in the corner opposite the bed and a writing desk covered in school books was under the window. There was also a battered chest of drawers next to the door with a telly on top. Stacked on the floor next to the chest of drawers were an x-box, DVD player, and a rectangular plastic tub full of movies and games. Brewis finished his survey of the room and watched as Pest took off his large bulky jacket and unzipped his brown, hooded sweatshirt. Pest then stood up on his good leg and slipped the sweatshirt from his thin shoulders. Soon, Pest was standing in a small, green, tee shirt and baggy, ripped jeans with his back to Brewis. Pest then pivoted on his one good leg so that he was facing Brewis. Brewis thought to himself that kid sure did have perky tits under that hoody. For a few moments, Brewis wondered if Pest might be a boy suffering from Gynecomastia, but rapidly dismissed the idea from his foggy mind. Brewis quickly, for someone still profoundly stoned, realized that Pest was, in fact, a girl. Brewis was very confused. He stared at Pest as she eased back down onto her bed. Pest was quite fit. She had a narrow waist and softly flared hips. Her baggy jeans rode low exposing sharp hip bones and a flat stomach. Brewis opened his mouth to say something witty and blurted out, \"Holy shit, mate. You're a girl!\" Pest rolled her eyes and quipped, \"No shit, bruv. And it looks like you're a boy, but I could be wrong.\" Pest smirked. She lifted her injured leg onto the bed and tried to stifle a moan. She checked the fresh bandages that Sam had put on the wound when they were in the weed room. Brewis also looked at the bandages and noted that no blood had seeped through despite the way Pest had been using the leg. Pest said, \"Get Ron's binoculars from my backpack and see if the feds are still in the ends.\" Brewis found the binoculars, turned off the light, and made his way to the window. He pulled the curtain to the side just enough to see through. Although he had a clear view of several streets and the entrance to the block, there was not much activity to be seen. Several groups of people were milling about and Brewis recognized Sam wearing his jeans and blue hoody. She was talking to a group of police officers and was making huge hand gestures. It looked like she was doing an imitation of the alien monsters using her bent fingers as teeth and bringing both hands together in a biting motion. Some feds were taking notes while listening to Sam. Another group was wearing white, plastic suits and carrying an alien corpse to a waiting van. Brewis relayed everything he could see to Pest and backed away from the window. Pest heaved a sigh and turned the small lamp back on. She said, \"You're gonna have to help me get these jeans off.\" Brewis muttered a barely coherent, \"Right\" before shuffling a little closer to Pest's bed. Brewis was suddenly very nervous. He did not often have the opportunity to remove a female's clothing and there had never been alien bite wounds to deal with before. Pest unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans before wriggling the waistband down over her shapely thighs. Brewis just stared, open mouthed, as Pest's tiny pink knickers were revealed. Pest clearly did not have boy parts. \"Brewis!\" she snapped, getting his attention. \"Pull them off my legs, and try not to drag them over the bite.\" \"Right\" Brewis managed, again. Brewis hands were shaking and his mouth had gone very dry. He took hold of the jeans and guided them down over Pest's injured leg. He had to pause for a second to remove Pest's trainers, but he was surprisingly gentle and the jeans were soon in the floor on the far side of Pest's bed. Brewis tried not to gape at Pest's long, smooth legs, but could not help noticing what a perfect body she had. She looked very sexy in nothing but a baby-doll tee and panties. \"What do you need me to do next?\" Brewis asked. His eyes were darting around the room in an effort not to stare at the half naked girl on the bed in front of him. He kept up a constant internal chant of just another kid, just one of the lads, just a kid. He really needed to stop thinking of Pest's girl parts. Pest pointed to the wardrobe in the corner of the room and said, \"There are a couple of pairs of track pants in there. Grab me some, and see if anything will fit you.\" Brewis though it was a very good idea to put some clothes back onto Pest. Brewis rummaged through the clothes in the wardrobe and quickly found two pairs of soft, grey tracksuit bottoms. He handed the smaller pair to Pest and sat down to pull on the pair that did not have anything written on the bum. He stretched out and kicked off his boots which made two dull thuds as they hit the floor and then pulled on the comfortable joggers. Brewis stuffed the bin bags from Ron's place into the bottom of the wardrobe and covered them with Pest's jacket and hoody. He watched while Pest managed to get her joggers onto her good leg and began to try and get them onto her bad one. \"Let me help.\" Brewis said, while walking over and sitting next to Pest on the bed. He put both hands into the elastic at the ankle of the joggers and gently guided it over Pest's wounded calf to her knee. At that point, Pest was able to pull the waistband up over her hips. Brewis was once again struck by how attractive Pest was. Brewis was tempted to crawl over to her on the bed just so he could touch her some more. He really needed a distraction before he made a total ass of himself. He sighed and searched through his jacket pockets. He pulled out one of the joints he had rolled at Ron's place, earlier. Pest watched as Brewis revealed the huge spliff and she exclaimed, \"Thank fuck!\" Brewis winced as the expletive emerged from Pest's mouth. He had not been shocked to hear Pest use language like that up in Ron's weed room, but it was more surprising coming from a girl. Brewis realized he was being stupid. Pest was the same foul mouthed, weed smoking, firework toting, badass kid that he had met earlier in the night. Brewis resolved again to treat Pest as if he hadn't become obsessed with her perfect tits and fit body. Pest directed Brewis to stuff a towel into the crack under the bedroom door so that the whole flat wouldn't smell like skunk. Brewis dropped the joint onto the nightstand and grabbed a towel from the laundry hamper to carefully seal the gap under the door. He stood up and turned around to face Pest on the bed. He awkwardly glanced around to see if there was a chair he could sit on. Brewis was beginning to feel his typical awkwardness around girls returning with a vengeance. \"Umm, where should I sit?\" Brewis managed to stammer. Pest once again gave him the \"how stupid are you\" look and gestured to the other side of her bed. \"Turn on the telly, pop in a DVD and make yourself comfortable.\" Pest replied, grinning. Pest carefully slid back on the bed until she was propped on several huge, soft pillows. \"Brewis, bruv, do me a solid and put that big, rectangular, brown pillow under my leg. Will ya?\" Pest asked with a grimace of pain. Brewis found the pillow Pest wanted and carried it to her side of the bed. Brewis really didn't want to cause Pest any more pain. She was looking a little pale and shocked. \"If you lift your leg up a little I can slide this under.\" He said while clutching the pillow with white knuckles. Pest lifted her leg up a few inches and Brewis quickly tucked the large pillow under Pest's knee. It supported her calf from knee to ankle. Pest POV Pest was not what you might call a \"girly\" girl. She ran with the lads, dressed like a bloke and generally didn't do anything that might be considered feminine. Her one exception was her bed. Her mates would never admit it, but they like hanging out at Pest's because she had a super comfortable bed. She had at least two dozen pillows of various sizes and shapes that were just right for getting comfortable and playing X-box or watching movies. Plus, her Nan didn't care if they smoked weed as long as it didn't stink up the whole flat. Pest tried to find a position that eased to nagging ache in her leg. She still could not believe that she had been bitten by an alien. It had been a very close call. The alien had bitten through the door to get to her leg. If it had managed to get a better grip, Pest might have been dragged out through the hole in the door and killed. She might also have bleed to death if the bite had been worse or if Sam had not been a nurse. Pest felt lucky to be alive, but her leg still hurt like a mother fucker. Brewis sorted through Pest's DVD collection. He held up in John Carpenter's The Thing for consideration, but Pest thought that a movie where aliens kill everybody might be a bad choice under the circumstances. Near the bottom, Brewis uncovered the complete Black Adder and put on season one. Pest had forgotten that was in her collection because the gang didn't ever want to watch it. Pest though it was strange that she and the posh boy might have something in common. Pest reached over and patted the other side of the bed. \"Sit down, man. You're in my way.\" She said while reaching for the DVD remote. She was becoming slightly unnerved by Brewis. Sometimes he stared at her like she was an alien that was about to attack him. Sometimes he wouldn't even look in her direction. His eyes kept darting around the room, landing anywhere but on her. Pest realized that she didn't really know this boy that was standing in her bedroom. They had only met a few hours earlier and the evening hadn't exactly been a tea party. They had not said more than a few sentences to each other until they had been left alone in the weed room. For all she knew, Brewis was mad as a hatter. Ron had said he was a good customer, but that wasn't exactly a positive endorsement. Feeling nervous, Pest punched skip on the DVD remote until they were through all the previews. \"Light that spliff, bruv.\" She said. \"I feel the need for weed.\" Pest grinned at Brewis. He took off his brown jacket and dropped it onto the floor. He slowly eased himself onto the bed so that he wouldn't accidently jostle Pest's injured leg. Brewis grabbed the blanket from the bottom of the bed and scooted back while trying to get comfortable. \"Do you have any more of those long pillows that you are using?\" he asked looking around. Pest sat up a little to eye the body length pillows and replied, \"Slide these over a little. We can share.\" Brewis pulled the pillows closer to his side of the bed and leaned back into them. Pest took the opportunity to have a butcher's at the tall boy beside her. He was really very attractive. He was tall and lean but had broad shoulders. The jeans he gave to Sam were baggy, hiding long legs that would probably look great in black drainpipes. Pest was tempted to run her hands over his abs and up to his chest. A few sandy brown chest hairs peeked out of the top of his tee shirt. Pest really needed a distraction before she made a complete ass of herself. Pest moved a little closer to Brewis while keeping her eyes on the opening credits to Black Adder . She was having trouble finding a position that supported her head at the proper telly viewing angle. She was soon leaning on Brewis' shoulder and pulling his arm around behind her neck. His eyes opened wide, and then he put his arm out under her shoulders and drew her nearer to his side. Pest's heart started to race when Brewis pulled her tight to his side. His jacket had smelled like a blend of tobacco and weed, but he smelled faintly of soap. It was a clean scent that made Pest want to snuggle closer and maybe even taste him. His long neck was right next to her head and it was all Pest could do to keep from licking his throat. She had never wanted to touch and be touched as much as she did at that moment. \"You're shivering.\" Brewis said to Pest, sounding concerned. He then covered them both with the blanket he had snagged from the bottom of the bed. Pest asked, \"Are you ever gonna light that joint, bruv?\" Brewis POV Brewis was in unknown territory. Most of the girls he dated were nothing like Pest. They would never want to hang out with his friends or just chill with him while watching telly. They sometimes went to cinema with him but only to romantic comedies. Brewis had not seen many of those in Pest's DVD collection. In fact, she had a ton of sci-fi, horror, and action movies. Brewis had no idea how to pull a girl like Pest. He didn't know how to act around her. He was surprised to discover that he was interested in being her mate as well as being physically attracted to her. Brewis supposed he had nothing to lose by being himself. At this point he would wait for her to say no if he did something she didn't want him to. Brewis held the joint out to Pest and said, \"Hold this and I'll work the lighter.\" He grabbed the lighter from Pest's nightstand and waited for her to hold the joint up to her lips before lighting it. He watched as Pest took several small puffs to get the joint lit and then took a long drag from it. She closed her eyes and slowly blew the smoke out with a sigh. Brewis dropped the lighter and brushed his fingers over Pest's to take the burning joint. Pest opened her eyes and smirked at Brewis before taking another long drag and then handing the joint over to him. \"Cheeky.\" Brewis murmured before taking his first long pull on the joint. Brewis and Pest passed the joint back and forth in companionable silence for several minutes. Brewis dropped the roach into an ashtray on Pest's nightstand. Instead of dropping his arm back to his side, he rolled slightly to place his hand on Pest's stomach. He felt the muscles of her stomach twitch under his hand and had a nearly overwhelming desire to see how she would react to him touching her other places. Pest POV \"Comfy?\" Pest asked with another trademark grin. She always made jokes when she was nervous, and she was very, very nervous. The weed had relaxed her and eased the pain in her leg, but Brewis' hand on her stomach sent shivers up her spine. Pest was friends with lots of blokes, but she had never hooked up with any of the gang. It wasn't that didn't like boys, she just never felt that way about any of her friends. They were like brothers, not potential boyfriend material. Plus, she knew how they talked about birds and didn't want to be shunted into the \"pretty but useless\" category. She wore her boy clothes like armour. They kept most lads at a safe distance until they got to know her and put her safely into the \"friend\" zone. Brewis was the first boy in a long while that had shown any interest in her that she was interested in, in return. Pest considered the person stretched out beside her. He was tall, lanky, smart, and funny. Well, it was fun to laugh at him even if his \"Jokes, man, Jokes\" was super geeky. She didn't think she had ever met anyone less cool than Brewis. He also had the prettiest blue eyes she had ever seen. She had to resist the urge to reach over and brush his shaggy hair out of his eyes so that she could get a better look at them. When Brewis had first gotten stoned with the gang at Ron's, Pest had dismissed him as a posh pothead, a middle class twit. It wasn't until he had come up with the idea about the pheromones that she started to really notice him as an attractive male. Then he had magically produced the skins so that she could smoke some of the weed in the room. Pest had always had a thing for smart guys, especially if they were total stoners. It had been clear from the way he talked to her at Ron's, that Brewis had believed Pest was a boy. The gang never let on any different when strangers were around. Pest was pretty sure that Ron didn't even know she was a girl. Certainly, High Hatz had never known she was female. It wasn't safe to be female around him. Brewis had only realized she was a girl when she'd taken off her coat, hoody and hat. She smiled to herself remembering the surprised look on his blood spattered face. Then she groaned out loud remembering how she had caused the blood streaks by accidently hitting him in the face with the aluminium baseball bat. Glancing at Brewis she could see a little blood still smeared under his nose. Brewis POV Brewis heard her groan and asked, \"Are you ok? Is it your leg?\" Pest took a tissue from the nightstand and carefully tried to wipe the blood from Brewis' face. \"I'm sorry about the bat to the face, mate.\" She murmured. Brewis' hand rubbed a small circle on her stomach while his eyes roved over her body and up to her face. \"No problem.\" Brewis whispered back. \"I'm gonna tell my father that I was carjacked. The broken nose will help with the story.\" Brewis winked at Pest. He gazed into Pest's clear blue eyes and smiled at her. He could not understand how oblivious he had been to not see that she was a girl right away. He supposed that the clothes did a good job of hiding her curves, and her cocky attitude and husky voice added to the disguise. A sudden, horrible thought crossed his mind. He had no idea how old she was. Sam had said that Moses was only fifteen. He was more relaxed with Pest than he had ever been with any other girl, but he was no kiddy fiddler. If she was fourteen or fifteen he was getting the hell out of this bed. A small, worried crease formed between his eyes as he frowned down at her. \"How old are you?\" he whispered. Pest looked up in with a surprised look. \"How old are you?\" she asked right back. Brewis hoped she wouldn't think he was too old and answered, \"I'm twenty-one.\" Pest looked happy at this information. \"Well,\" Pest smiled up at Brewis. \"That's older than I thought, but not as old as I was afraid you might be. I'm seventeen.\" Brewis returned her smile and brought his mouth closer to hers. He watched as her tongue darted out and licked her lips. \"Can I kiss you?\" he asked quietly. \"Yes.\" She replied. So he did. Pest POV After half a minute, Brewis was forced to break the kiss. \"I can't breathe through my nose.\" He growled. He looked so sad that Pest could not help but laugh. \"Sorry, man. You shouldn't have hit my baseball bat with your face.\" Pest then looked contrite. \"I really am sorry about the nose.\" She sighed and reached up to lightly touch Brewis' face. She really was sorry that they couldn't keep kissing. As long as he was touching and kissing her, Pest didn't think about the events of the night or the deaths of her mates. The taste and feel of him pushed all other thoughts right out of her head. Brewis' eyes crinkled at the corners as he smiled and said \"I guess we'll just have to wait a few days for my nose to heal before we get to the serious snogging.\" Pest looked surprised. She had not really thought that Brewis would want to be with her once the feds had left the block and it was safe for him to go home. He only came to the block to buy weed and Ron's place was destroyed. She was fairly certain that a posh kid like him wouldn't want to date her. Sleep with her, maybe, but not be her boyfriend. She wasn't even sure if she wanted a boyfriend hanging around. Dennis and Gerome were gone and the gang was definitely gonna change, but she didn't think things would change enough that Moses would want some university kid hanging out with them. Pest could not picture Brewis participating in a mugging or shooting bangers at feds. At the same time, Pest didn't think she would be doing those things anymore, either. Maybe it was time for her to change the direction her life was going. Pest tried to keep a blank face as she asked, \"Will you still be here in a few days?\" Brewis POV Brewis could kick himself. He should not have assumed that Pest wanted more from him than just a shoulder to lean on while watching movies. He should have realized that a wicked, cool girl like her didn't need someone like him around. He remembered how her friends had treated him at Ron's place. He realised that he was pretending to be something he was not. Those kids were street smart and hardened in a way he never would be. He thought that that was probably a good thing. There was a distinct possibility that she would be embarrassed to be seen with him once the whole \"Alien Invasion\" thing was over. Brewis took his hand off of Pest's side and rolled onto his back, closing his eyes. Brewis felt humiliated. \"I guess you don't want me to cramp your style. I get it.\" He said. Pest's heart ached at the pain in Brewis' voice. She carefully shifted herself over until she could press her whole body against his. She smacked him lightly in the middle of his chest. \"Don't be an idiot, bruv.\" She said and watched his eyes pop open. \"Ouch.\" Brewis whined, rubbing at his chest. \"Does that mean we can snog in a few days?\" He asked with a small smile. Pest replied, \"Definitely.\" Pest fell asleep pillowed on Brewis' chest. She must have been exhausted, because she slept well despite Brewis' snoring. Late the next morning, her grandmother knocked on her bedroom door and said, \"Penny, dear, there are some police officers here to ask you some questions about your friend Pest.\" Pest sat up quickly and made sure her injured leg was covered by her joggers. \"Coming, Nan!\" she yelled. Pest's Nan knew that her friends called her Pest, so she was obviously covering for her with the feds. \"Make sure all the weed is hidden while I go talk to the feds.\" She told Brewis who still looked half asleep. \"Penny?\" he asked with a smirk. \"Oh, like Brewis is better.\" Pest replied. Pest hobbled to her door and kicked the towel out of the way before opening it. She walked down the hall trying not to limp in front of the feds. Taking a seat on the sofa next to her grandmother, Pest asked, \"What's wrong with Pest? Is he in trouble? Did he get attacked by the aliens last night?\" The two police officers were looking at her and around the flat. \"As far as we know, he survived the attack, but we still want to ask him some questions. We were told that he lived here, but your grandmother has just informed us that he is your friend, spends a lot of time here, but doesn't live here.\" Pest shot a grateful look at her Nan and said, \"He usually spends a lot of time he, but I haven't seen him in a few days. He doesn't get along with my new boyfriend.\" Brewis POV Brewis had been listening to this conversation from Pest's bedroom. He thought that it was a good time to make his presence known. Brewis walked out into the living room and asked, \"Penny, is everything alright?\" The police officers compared Brewis' appearance with their description of Pest. Brewis was almost six feet tall and clearly in his early twenties. Pest was described as being five and a half feet tall and maybe fourteen or fifteen. This was definitely not Pest, so they asked him, \"What is your name and do you have any identification?\" Brewis gave his name and pulled his wallet out of the jacket he had put on. While the police copied the information from his identification, Brewis gave Pest a small smile. The taller police officer asked him, \"Have you seen the boy called Pest yesterday or today?\" Brewis replied with a straight face, \"I can honestly say that I have not.\" He continued \"He hasn't been around lately. Pest doesn't like that I'm Penny's boyfriend. He has a bit of a schoolboy crush on her.\" Brewis could not contain the enormous smile that calling himself Penny's boyfriend caused. Nan's POV When the feds had finished asking their questions, Pest's grandmother showed them to the door. She then sat down in her favourite chair and looked at Pest and Brewis who were sitting together on the sofa holding hands. \"Alright, Penelope.\" She said, giving Pest a stern look. \"Why don't you introduce me to this young man?\" Pest sat a little straighter on the sofa and said, \"Nan, I would like you to meet Brewis. You're gonna see him around a lot, from now on.\" She then looked over at Brewis and continued, \"Brewis, this is my grandmother, Mrs Lane.\" Brewis swallowed nervously and said, \"It's very nice to meet you, Mrs Lane.\" Pest's grandmother nodded at Brewis and said, \"Call me Nan.\" Pest and Brewis both relaxed into the sofa. Nan looked at the young couple and smiled. She knew that her granddaughter was a wild child. She also knew that Penelope probably had a lot to do with the troubles around the block of the previous night. She had been watching the news and knew about attacks on police officers and residents. As soon as the police had come to the door asking for \"Pest\", she knew she would have to cover for her only grandchild. Pest's grandmother took a deep breath and said, \"I think Pest should disappear for good.\" The two young faces across from her looked confused. Nan decided to try and explain. \"Most people don't know that you are Pest.\" She continued, \"If you let Pest disappear, I don't think the police will ever be able to connect you to what happened here last night.\" Penny glanced over at Brewis and smiled. \"I guess it would have been hard to explain why Pest was snogging Brewis, anyway.\" A deep blush crept up Brewis face. \"I hadn't really considered that.\" He said. \"I think I would have liked to see the expression on Ron's face, though.\" He added with a grin. Pest POV It had been six weeks since the aliens had attacked the block. Pest had been living as \"Penelope\", going to school, and spending as much time with Brewis as she could manage. Moses had been released into his uncle's custody when Sam's slightly edited testimony cleared him of any wrong doing. Moses, Biggz, Brewis and Penelope (she would kick anyone that called her Penny) had been waiting for Ron to be able to come back to the block. Thanks to Pest and Brewis, few drugs and no evidence of dealing were found in the weed room. Ron was able to convince the courts that High Hatz was responsible for the drugs and equipment that had been left behind. Right now, Moses, Biggz, and Brewis were up in Ron's flat having a small \"welcome home\" party. Pest stood by her bed looking down at the items she was about to pack in Pest's back pack. Item one was Ron's favourite bong. He would be really happy to have it back. Next came several bundles of Pound notes. When Pest had finally been able to open High Hatz' metal lock box from the weed room, she had been pleasantly surprised to find it stuffed full of cash. After counting it, she had more than twelve thousand pounds. She had spent some of it on a new wardrobe because she had to get rid of most of her boy clothes. She had given some to her grandmother and Brewis. She was saving some because she might want to go to university (Brewis said he would help). Now she was going to give some to Ron in the hopes that he could rebuild his weed room. The last items she was putting in the back pack were several bricks of weed. Brewis and Pest had managed to grab nine compressed and cling film wrapped bricks of weed from the weed room. Because the feds had not found any pre-packaged weed in the room, Ron had been able to claim that the plants were for personal use, not for sale. Pest had smoked some of the weed and was keeping a brick for herself, but she was returning most of it to Ron. Once the back pack was full, Penelope carefully dressed in her \"Pest\" outfit. She was going to join the guys up in Ron's flat. It had not taken long for Moses and Biggz to get used to hanging out with her as \"Penelope\". They still treated her like Pest, except they usually held doors for her now. They had all cleaned up their language a bit, too. Blokes were weird. She had started wearing low rise jeans and baby-doll tees instead of baggy jeans and hoodies. There was no way she was gonna wear skirts. They were just too uncomfortable. She usually wore her hair up in a ponytail and she still didn't wear jewellery or make-up. She was never gonna be a girly girl, but no one could mistake her for a boy, these days. She didn't have many boy clothes left, but she wanted to go to Ron's in disguise, just this once. Pest pushed the boor buzzer at Ron's flat and tried to see through the peep hole. Ron opened the door a crack and exclaimed, \"Pest! The lads said you probably weren't coming.\" He stepped back and opened the door all the way so that Pest could enter the flat. When Brewis, Moses, and Biggz all looked at her in surprise, Pest shook her head to keep them quiet. Brewis just shrugged. Pest crossed over to the sofa Brewis was sitting on and plopped down next to him. She could not stop admiring the way Brewis looked. Pest had bought Brewis several new outfits, as well, when she had gone shopping for herself. Brewis was wearing a pair of black, properly fitting jeans with a wide leather belt. He had on a dark grey collared shirt tucked in to his jeans and the sleeves were rolled up to his elbows. Pest liked the way he had a bit of stubble on his face from not shaving in a few days. She wanted to climb onto him and snog him senseless, but first things first. Pest had a plan and there were some things to get sorted, first. \"Ron, bruv,\" Pest quipped. \"Why aren't you passing a bong around?\" Ron looked sad and said, \"The feds confiscated all my bongs and pipes. They didn't even leave me any skins.\" Pest grinned and reached into her back pack. \"They didn't get this one.\" She said while pulling out Ron's favourite, short, glass bong. \"My baby!\" Ron exclaimed and took it carefully from Pest's hands. Ron held it up to the sunlight and inspected it. \"But I still don't have anything to put in it.\" Ron said dejectedly. By this time, Brewis had caught on to Pest's plan and was grinning. Pest reached into her back pack again and this time pulled out a heavy brick of weed. \"I think this is pretty smokable.\" She said while handing it over to Ron. As Pest continued to pull five more bricks from the now almost empty back pack, Ron just stared open mouthed. \"Brewis and I managed to salvage a few things from the weed room before the Feds showed up.\" Pest told Ron. She then reached into her back pack for the cash at the bottom. When she handed the money over to Ron, she thought she saw tears in his eyes. \"This should help you get the weed room up and running again, yeah?\" she asked Ron. Ron looked absolutely dumbfounded. He said, \"I always thought you were a group of pretty sweet kids, but this just proves it.\" He filled the bong's reservoir with ice water from the cup in front of him and cut open one of the bricks of weed. Ron packed the bowl of the bong and handed it to Pest. \"You first.\" He said with gratitude shining in his eyes. Pest took a massive hit and passed the bong to Brewis. She liked to watch the look of intense concentration that Brewis got on his face whenever he got stoned. It was as if all of his attention was focused on that one task. Brewis exhaled a few smoke rings and passed the bong to Moses. Brewis POV Moses and Biggz had accepted Brewis in to the group with a minimum of hazing. Moses had threatened to cut his balls off if he hurt Pest in any way, and Biggz had nodded and smiled a nasty grin from behind Moses' shoulder. Brewis had just nodded saying, \"Right. Right. No hurting Penelope. Got it.\" He was much more relaxed around the lads, now, but he knew they were not joking about the removal of the testicles threat. Brewis knew that the lads had been spending more time in school and had not mugged anyone, lately. The cash that he and Pest had retrieved from High Hatz' lock box meant that the gang was pretty well off, these days. Brewis turned a bit sideways on the sofa so that he had a good view of his girlfriend. He could tell she was up to something by the way she was dressed. He had not seen her dress like a bloke since the night of the attack. She was in well baggy jeans topped with an oversized hoody and her woollen hat. He was a bit surprised to discover that he found Pest extremely attractive in that outfit. Of course, he was very familiar with the sexy body beneath the loose clothes. Moses and Biggz passed the bong to Ron, and Ron finished the bowl. He repacked the bong and started it around the group again. Pest sat on the front edge of the sofa and filled her lungs with dense smoke. Instead off passing the bong to Brewis she placed it on the coffee table. She then turned around and straddled Brewis' lap. Putting her mouth over Brewis' she slowly blew smoke into his mouth while he inhaled. Brewis held onto Pests hips and began to kiss her while blowing smoke out of his nose. After a few seconds he ran his right hand from her hip, up under her hoody and around her back to pull her closer. He rubbed his left hand up Pest's thigh until his thumb was pressed next to her hip bone. Pest rocked her hips forward, pressing her stomach against Brewis'. She ran her hands up his chest and grabbed his shoulders. Brewis loved the way she tasted when she had been smoking weed. As Pest broke the kiss to look into Brewis' eyes, he gave a small sigh and started kissing Pest's neck. He knew better than to leave love bites on her skin, but he loved to lick and kiss on Pest's ears, neck, and shoulders. A low moan escaped Pest's lips when Brewis sucked her earlobe into his mouth and bit it gently. Ron POV Ron was confused. He watched as Pest climbed onto Brewis' lap and they started snogging. Ron thought that this was an unexpected development. A lot of things had changed in the ends in the six weeks he had been living with his sister while his flat was repaired. He glanced over at Moses and Biggz who were having a quiet conversation. He wanted to gauge their reaction to Pest and Brewis' activity on the other sofa, but they did not even seem to notice Pest and Brewis. Ron leaned over and asked Moses, \"How long has that been going on?\" while giving a subtle nod in the lovebird's direction. \"Since the attack,\" Moses answered \"I think they're in loooove.\" He sing-songed. Biggz chimed in with, \"Pest and Brewis sitting in a tree. F-U-C-K-I-N-G!\" Brewis laughed and Pest threw a small cushion at Moses' head. Ron just continued to look confused but said, \"Watch it! Don't break the bong, I just got it back.\" Pest turned to Brewis and said, \"You wanted to see the look on his face.\" Brewis shook his head as if disappointed in Pest's behaviour but could not hide his grin as he murmured, \"cheeky\" and pulled his Pest in for another kiss. His eyes flew open and he spluttered when he heard Ron say, \"I didn't know Brewis liked girls.\" Pest, Moses, and Biggz all started guffawing at the pained expression on Brewis' face. \"Jokes, man, jokes.\" He managed to say before grinning at Pest. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Attack the Block. Brewis POV Brewis watched Moses leap the sofa and escape"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Attack the block","Author":"ATBfan12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9266739","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I had finally got let out the police station, Moses had gotten out a hour earlier then me, so he was no where to be found. I had started to come down off my high and I began to feel tired, hungry and in pain. There was a strong stinging pain in my left leg, it felt like someone was stabbing my leg repeatedly. I looked around before bending down to remove the material that was wrapped around my leg. It slowly started to come back to me. I have a alien bite wound. I could just say remember the alien sinking its glowing green fangs into my leg. The weed I had smoked earlier must of made me forget. I sighed and shook my head, limping home it is then, I thought to myself as I stood back up, taking one last look around before slowly, starting, to limp forward. If someone had said to me 16 hours ago that I would soon be fighting aliens, I would of laughed in their face. I never believed in aliens till I came face to face with one. I know that some time in the near future that someone will ask how I got the bite wound on my leg and I know for sure they won't believe my story. But I know its true, so does Moses, Biggz, Sam, Brewis and Ron along with the other people who were effected by the alien invasion. So basically that's all that matters. I feel happy but sad at the same time; happy because I'm not getting locked up and neither is Moses; but sad because two of my close friends have been killed by aliens. Never ever will I forget Dennis and Jerome. RIP Brothers. Also I will never forget the 5th November 2011. Its not every day you save your block from attack. But I did and I'm proud to say I did. Moses is a hero and I'm glad I fought beside him. Along with Sam. God knows what would of happened if Moses didn't kill the female alien. The aliens would of probably mated and wiped out the whole of the worlds population. I'm not even lying fam. No one fucks with the block. You get me? Most people in Peckham now know my name because of what I did. But I'm proud of what I did. My Nan may be upset that I got in trouble with the police but its not my fault the feds fucked things up. Thank god Sam dropped the mugging charges against us, also thank god the Feds believed my story about smoking the weed to relieve the pain in my leg. Scary to think that I could of died. But life goes on. Don't it? I continued to walk along the street, my hood up and hands in my pockets. Glancing up now and again to see if anyone was around. \"Fuck!\" I snapped through gritted teeth as a sharp pain shot through my left leg. \"Fuck me that hurt.\" I whispered to myself, looking around again before limping forward. The block must be at least another 10 minutes away, then its like 6 floors up and the elevator will probably be out of service. Could things get any worse? I asked my self as I walked around the corner. Thankfully the streets were empty. Fuck knows what time it is. I smiled happily in pain as the block came into sight. Not long to go now, I told myself as I continued to limp/hop along the street. I felt something trickle down my leg. I looked down only to find that my leg was bleeding again. \"Christ sake!\" I growled and began to limp a little faster. \"You've got to be kidding.\" I shook my head, biting the inside of my lip as I crossed the road and began to walk up the ramp to the entrance of the block of flats I live in. I slid my hand into my back pocket. Fuck. My keys aren't there. I must of lost them or left them in the house. Please say my nan is still awake so I can get into the house. I sighed again, taking off my hat and placed it in my pocket as I opened the main doors to the flat. Climbing these stairs is going to be fun, I thought toz my self as I looked around. Oh look! There's some of my blood on the floor off when the alien attacked me. Awesome. I rolled my eyes and walked over to the elevator, \"worth a try?\" I said to my self shrugging my shoulders as I pressed the button for the elevator. I ran a hand through my hair and rested my back against the wall. These elevators always took ages, I just hope its actually working, I thought as the elevator ding-ed and the doors open. I smirked slightly and walked in. I couldn't help but quote myself from earlier. \"Express elevator to the penthouse suite.\" I cracked a little smile and shook my head as I pressed the button to the 6th floor. I rested my back against the elevator wall as memories came flooding back to me, memories of tonight, memories of last week and memories of last year. They were all memories of me and the gang(Moses, Jerome, Biggz and Dennis). It still hadn't sunk in. Dennis and Jerome are dead. I took a deep breath as I reached the 6th floor. I exited the elevator as the doors opened and slowly made my way to my flat. Resting my hand on the handle, I hesitated for a moment, what if something has happened to my nan? I shook my head. No Pest, think positive. I quickly tried the door, it was open. I sighed, relieved, there was my Nan asleep in her armchair. I limped over to her and placed a soft kiss on her forehead. Snoring was a good sign that she was just sleeping. I quietly limped over to the kitchen and grinned as I noticed a plate of sandwiches, a biscuit and a packet of crisps on the table with a note. Sitting down quietly, I opened the note and began to read it- 'Dear Grandson of mine, I figured you'd be late home so I made you a little snack because you'd more then likely be hungry when you got in. Also I'd be asleep, you know my routine, I watch the soaps then fall to sleep. Enjoy your sandwiches! Love, Nan x P.s there's Cupcakes in the fridge.' A wide grin spread across my face. She knows me too well. I looked over to her and smiled, sighing quietly before picking up a sandwich. Taking a bite of it I wondered were Moses would be. He set his flat on fire to kill the aliens, so he'd have no where to go. The feeling of guilt and worry filled me. I can't let my best friend live on the streets! I stood up quickly, then suddenly, there was a knock on the door. I swallowed and quickly limped over, opening it nervously. To my surprise, there was Moses, standing there, with a small smile on his face. \"Uh, Moses! Hey!\" I said a little to quickly, stepping aside to let him in. \"Hey Pest.\" He replied, walking in. \"Sorry, if this is a bad time.\" \"No, of course it isn't, make yourself at home.\" I said, biting my bottom lip as I picked up my plate of sandwiches. \"Thanks..um Pest..I was wondering if I can stay here tonight? I ain't got else where.\" Moses asked, a frown on his face. \"Of fucking course you can!\" I replied, nodding as I sat down on the couch. Moses grinned and sat down next to me. \"How are you feeling bruv?\" \"Could be better I guess, and you?\" I replied, resting my leg on the coffee table. \"I'm good thanks.\" Moses nodded, looking at my leg. \"What do you think will happen to the bodies of those tings?\" \"To be truthful fam, I don't really know.\" I shook my head, offering him a sandwich. Moses grinned and slowly shook his head. \"I'm good tar.\" \"Suit your self then\" I laughed taking a bite of a sandwich. \"Maybe we should go into my room\" I said, nodding over to my Nan. Moses agreed with me and I slowly stood up, clenching my jar as pain shoot through my leg. Moses wrapped one of my arms around his neck, supporting me. I smiled and slowly made my way toward my room. We reached my room and Moses opened the door and sat me down on the bed. \"Thanks!\" I smiled and lay back on my bed, looking over to him. \"You can sleep on the bed, and I'll sleep on the floor.\" I told him as he sat down on my bean bag. \"No no bruv, you sleep in your bed, I'm alright on the floor.\" Moses replied, gesturing to my leg. \"It would be better for your leg.\" \"Yeah your right I guess.\" I shrugged, running a hand through my hair. \"You sure about sleeping on the floor?\" Moses nodded. \"Positive bro.\" I smiled and stood up slowly and limped toward the door. Thoughts running through my head. Was Moses really alright? Where was Biggz? And Sam? What happened to Dennis' and Jerome's bodies? I couldn't help but feel guilty. I should of done something to prevent their deaths. I was still full of nerves. What if there's still loads of dem tings left? What if another alien invasion happened? I sighed and ran a hand through my hair again. \"Where are you going?\" Moses asked and I jumped a little, I forgot he was there. \"Just going to get the spare blanket and cushions.\" I replied calmly as I limped towards my bed room door and opened it. \"Alright then bruv, I'll stay here.\" Moses yawned and nodded. \"Ok.\" I replied quietly and walked out of my room, and walked straight into my Nans. I looked around and noticed my nan curled up under her blanket. She must of came to bed without me noticing. I limped silently to the cupboard and pulled out the spare blank and cushion before limping back to my bed room. Moses had fell to sleep. That brother must of been really tired. I bent down and placed the pillow under his head and placed the blanket over him. I watched him for a moment before limping to the sitting room. I sat down on the couch, staring up at the ceiling. Tonight was crazy. It started off being a normal night. Just a normal Guy Fawkes night. Fire works, bonfires etc. Then it started to get late and we decided to mug a lady. Who turned out to be Sam, a women who lives in the block. From there, thing started to take a turn for the worst. I can't recall all the events in order but I know bad tings happened and there's nothing I can do about it. I stood up and limped over to the mantle piece and took a cigarette out of my box and placed it in my mouth before use my lighter to light it up. I took a drag and sighed, looking towards the door. I'm too tired to sleep. I breath out smoke and limped towards the door, looking behind me before opening it. I took another drag of my cigarette before walking out, closing the door behind me. I looked up and down the corridor, breathing out smoke. Where to first? Sam's or Biggz's? Well Biggz's mum will probably be in bed so I'll just see him tonight. I limped up the corridor towards the elevator. Pressing the button I took long drag of my cigarette. The elevator ding-ed and I entered and pressed the button to the 9th floor. Sam better be awake. The elevator slowly started to move up, I took another long drag of my cigarette and breath out rings of smoke. The door opened and I limped out. Making my way towards her flat I finished my cigarette. Last time I was in Sams flat we were attack by a alien, I wonder if its still on her kitchen floor? I reached the door to her flat and knocked on. The door slowly opened and there was Sam, standing there. \"H-hey.\" I said quietly, looking up at her. \"Hey, P-Pest isn't it?\" She replied, opening the door fully. \"Yeah.\" I nodded. \"Can I come in?\" I asked, putting out my cigarette. \"Y-yeah sure.\" She gestured for me to come in. \"Thanks.\" I replied and walked in, looking at the couch that I had once been lying on the first time I was here, on of the cushions were stained with my blood. \"Sorry..about the mess I made with my leg.\" I said, gesturing towards her couch. \"Don't worry about.\" She said shaking her head. \"How is your leg anyway?\" I shrugged my shoulders. \"Painful. Very painful.\" I nodded, slowly sitting down. \"Can I take a look?\" She asked, sitting down next to me. \"Yeah, sure.\" I nodded and carefully placed my leg on her lap. Sam took a look of my leg and shook her head. \"I can check it out properly, too much blood, I'll have to clean it.\" I nodded and smiled slightly. \"Ok, just don't hurt me like you did earlier.\" She let out a laugh and smiled. \"Sorry about that, but I wasn't in the best of moods was I?\" I grinned and shook my head. \"Nope you weren't\" I moved my leg as she stood up and walked into her kitchen. She soon returned with a cloth and a bowl of warm water. He smiled slight and lay properly on the couch and moved his ripped jeans further up his leg. \"Thanks.\" Sam said kneeling next to the couch and slowly started to clean his wound. \"Oww..\" I whispered through gritted teeth. \"Sorry..\" Sam said quietly, looking up at me, then she continued to clean with wound, rinsing the cloth in the bowl of water now and again. The two of us remained silent, except from the times I gasped in pain. My wound stung badly but it had to be done. The wound could become infected, the aliens could of had anything. Sam finished cleaning my wound and stood up holding the bowl in her arms. \"I'll get something to cover the wound with, 2 seconds.\" Sam said as she walked into kitchen. I nodded and watched her leave then looked down at my leg. I could now see how deep it was, it made me feel sick so I had to look away. Sam returned with what looked like a badge. She knelt down again and started to wrap my leg. \"Why did you come in the first place?\" Sam asked me, looking up from my leg. \"I came to see if you were alright after everything that has happened.\" I replied, folding my arms behind my head. \"I'm alright I guess.\" She nodded and finished bandaging my leg. \"And you?\" She asked. \"I good, I think, tings just haven't sunk fully in yet.\" I nodded and smiled slightly. \"Thank you.\" \"What for?\" She replied, standing up. \"For everything, for dropping the charges, for helping us, for treating my leg twice.\" I replied, sighing quietly. \"No worries, you saved my life, thank you for that.\" She replied and sat on the other chair. \"Its the least we could do after mugging you.\" I nodded, frowning. \"I guess we are even know.\" She said, laughing a little. \"Yeah we defiantly are!\" I grinned at her and sat up. \"Weird isn't it? We know aliens are actually real!\" She grinned and nodded, agreeing with what I said. So I know now Sam's alright, I just need to see Biggz now. I hope he didn't get in to trouble with his parents. He is the youngest out of the gang. Also I wonder what has happened with Brewis and Ron. Ron will probably get locked up, he was found with a weed crop in his house. I don't know what will happen with Brewis. I let out a sigh and looked around Sam's flat. Jerome was right, she has got a nice place. I looked over to Sam and smiled, she is kind of fit, I wasn't seeing things earlier. Sam smiled back at me. \"Do want something to eat? Or drink?\" She asked me as she started to make her way to the kitchen. \"No thanks, I should be getting home now.\" I replied, hoping Moses hasn't woke up. \"Okay then, see you tomorrow then?\" She replied, looking over at me as I stood up and made my way over to her door. \"Yeah, sure.\" I nodded and opened the door. \"Bye!\" \"Good night.\" She replied as I walked out, closing the door behind me. I sighed and limped my way over to the corridor, my leg didn't hurt as much as it did before but it was still painful to put full pressure on it. I reached the elevator, once again and pressed the button for it to go down. I let out a yawn as the elevator ding-ed and the doors opened. I entered the elevator and pressed the bottom for it to go down. I literally felt let go to sleep right here, right now. All my energy had just drained away. I felt really weak. I closed my eyes as the elevator started to move down, it felt as it was taking for ever. The elevator finally reached my floor and I limped out weakly, yawning again. I couldn't wait to get to bed. I continued to limp across the corridor to my flat, I reached the door and took a deep breath before slowly opening it. I glanced a round the sitting room, things the way I left them. I walked in and closed the door behind. I limped over to the couch and sat down to take my shoes off after I did that I took off my coat and stood back up again. I let out a quiet yawn and stretched my arms. I silently limped over to my bedroom door and walked in quietly, trying my best not to wake up Moses or my Nan. I shut the door behind me and took of my jeans carefully, then my t-shirt and pulled on a pair of jogger bottoms and climbed into bed, pulling the sheets over me I curled up and shut my eyes, falling a sleep after a while. ","Summary":" I had finally got let out the police station, Moses had gotten out a hour earlier then me, so he wa"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"One Day","Author":"Little Ms LBP","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7778993","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the rights or the characters from Attack the Block Kelly had always been High-hats girl. She was the only one who could stand up to him, and say whatever shit she felt like. She just wasn't scared of him. Apart from tonight that is. Moses, Dennis and Pest were all sat up in Ron's flat, having a smoke just chattin shit to each other when the argument started. Unfortunately, no matter how thick the door to the weed room was, everyone could still hear every word. \"Are you fuckin crazy? Me give up ma whole life, just for you?\" \"Hats, I was only joking! No way would i ask you t-\" \"It's always what you want,you spoilt whore.\" \"WHAT! I never ask for anything Hats. Nothing. I put up with you going out all the time, I put up with the violence and the crime. All. The. Fucking. Time. And what do I have to show for it? Nothing. Absolutely nothing.\" \"Hey, you signed up for it.\" \"God. you know what? I'm done. That's it. I can't do this any more.\" Her footsteps are cut short. \"You're not going anywhere.\" High-hat said before the first slap was heard. They all cringed at the sound of it. And the sound of the next one, and the next. Moses looked over at Pest, not surprised to see that he had his eyes squeezed, his mouth set in a scowl and his fists clenched so tight that his knuckles nearly burst through his pale skin. His hat and hood had fallen down, not that he particularly cared. He was concentrating on blocking out Kelly's screams that could be heard now. Pest had been crazy about Kelly since forever. And everyone knew that she liked him back. Always had, always will. They were two people that were never seen separated on the block. You could always catch them laughing, or smiling, or just enjoying the others company. That all changed when High-hats stepped in. He was crazy jealous and decided to claim Kel for himself. When she refused, High-hats threatened to shoot them both. In the end, she agreed. But it was only because Pest forced her to, but he was honestly doing it to protect her. 'Cause, in all honesty, Pest would do anything for that girl. Jump in front of a van to save her, mug, steal, lie. Fuck, he'd even take on High-hats himself if she asked him to. But she never did. So just like everyone else, he had to sit through that torturous hour until the screaming subsided, after Ron had turned the volume up on the Discovery Channel to full. High-Hats walked out of the weed room pulling his jacket on, as if the last hour hadn't just happened \"Turn that shit down man.\" he snapped at Ron, while he adjusted his hat in the mirror. \"I'll see you next week yeah?\" He asked, walking out the door, not waiting for a reply. As soon as the front door clicked shut, Pest was up and in the weed room. And even though the TV was still loud, everyone could hear Pests comforting whispers. How she was worth more than this. How he always thought she was beautiful, no matter how much the bruises show. How he would do anything for her, that she just had to ask. How much he loved her. She would always reply with the same things That she'll leave High-Hats. That she adores how sweet Pest is. That she'll take him up on that offer, one day. That she loves him too. And just like always, the whispers fall silent, normally because Kelly or Pest have silenced each others tears with a kiss. Pest and Kel. \"The perfect couple.\" Tia always says. She always says that forbidden love is always the most passionate, and that Pest will get his chance. One day. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the rights or the characters from Attack the Block Kelly had always been H"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"we were made of lightning","Author":"emilyforprez","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8375443","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: i can't write fanfiction anymore i don't know what i'm doing He gets out of juvie on a very rainy day, and it's hot enough for all the moisture to stick to his clothes and skin, and by the time he gets to the bus stop, he's drenched in sweat and humidity. There's only one person on the bench, an older woman, and she looks at him like she's scared of him, so he doesn't sit down next to her. He pushes his back against the railing and waits. His mobile is already buzzing with violent fervor. He'd thought they'd wiped his memory card clean with the amount of snooping they did, but it still works, as much as it did before. Pest's name and a blurry picture of half his face pop up on the screen. He got out before Moses. The most he got was a month in juvie for the THC in his system when they found him. Moses has been gone for six months, enough time for the probation worker to prove that he didn't slaughter all those people, with eye-witness reports from Dennis's sister and Sam. Biggz offered to take the stand but Probation Worker Bethany said she didn't think he could do it. He's gone mental, that's what everyone said; he never even came to visit Moses. Pest did, but Moses didn't accept the visitations after the first one. It was hard. He hoped Pest didn't hate him for it. He probably didn't because now that Biggz has retreated inside his mind, they're the only ones left. Moses missed Dennis and Jerome's funerals. Pest told him that he hadn't even been invited, all wide eyes and angrily thin lips, but Moses didn't expect anything different. He might as well have slaughtered them, too. The bus screeches to a stop in front of him. Pest's name disappears from the phone and the screen flashes: one new voicemail. Moses deletes it without thinking twice. … The inside of his apartment is still singed mostly everywhere, but Probation Worker Bethany arranged for the gaping hole in the side of the building to be repaired. All that's left is a little clean-up but Moses is too tired to do even that. He starts peeling off his clothes, slowly, cracking open the window to feel a bit of the breeze. Everything starts getting really quiet and Moses can't take the silence; he starts thinking, and he starts remembering. He half-expects the door to swing open, for Dennis to be standing there with a stolen frozen pizza and a bag of chips, with Biggz and Jerome in tow. Pest would be a bit late, coming up with an excuse for his nan. He'd have the weed. They'd sit around and talk about nothing and everything, until Pest would doze off on Moses's shoulder, and Biggz would collapse in a ball on the bed, and everyone would wake up at noon to the sound of Jerome's mobile blaring. But. Dennis and Jerome are buried far under the ground. Dennis stopped existing the moment Moses watched his throat get torn open. The last he heard of Jerome was a faint scream. He won't answer Pest's calls. He refuses to think about it. He refuses to think about anything. The breeze gets stronger, whipping around clouds of ash in the room, and Moses tucks his knees to his chin and presses the back of his head to the coffee table. He starts humming, until the humming becomes a buzzing noise, until the buzzing is an audible hiss and he can't feel or see or hear anything anymore. … He wakes up without ever realizing he fell asleep. The room is dark and the city below sings with the sounds of nighttime; the rushing of wheels and horns and laughter. Moses aches with longing to go back to the times when he was down there, laughing and showing off the tricks on his bike, and watching everyone else try to keep up. His wristwatch says it's almost midnight, and he's feeling a little restless and can't go back to sleep now, so he pulls himself to his feet and starts searching blindly for his clothes. And the doorbell rings. Moses knows who it is but he freezes in the spot because he doesn't want to answer it. He doesn't want to see Pest. He can't be reminded. He can't, he can't, he can't. \"Mose!\" His voice is deeper somehow, desperate and hoarse. \"You're fucking in there, you wanker. I know you're fucking in there.\" Moses clutches the fabric in his hands and starts slowly towards the door. His body is shaking. He doesn't know why. He can't feel like this again, not after Dennis, not after Jerome. Not after what he did to them. All by his fucking self. The knocking becomes a pounding and the angry whispers are shouts. \"Fucking let me in, Moses!\" The door bursts open. Pest stands there in his stupid as fuck The Who shirt that he bought when he went through his gay classic rock stage in the seventh grade. Light spills in, yellow and warm like sunlight. His eyes are red like he's been crying, and he still is, and Moses stands there in his boxers and his jacket clutched in his hands. And Pest says, \"I fucking hate you, I really do,\" and he's still crying, and Moses feels like flying away. Pest grips for his shoulders and fumbles with the taut skin, and his hands are cold on the back of Moses's neck, and his face is slick and wet where it pushes into his chest, and Moses has ruined everything. He drops his jacket, listens to it fall with a muffled thud, pushes his hands into Pest's hair and remembers the last time, and the last time, and the last time. Dennis and Jerome are dead. He doesn't say that out loud. He doesn't have to. They know, they know, they watched it happen. Pest said he can still remember the blood pouring from Jerome's mouth, choking his screams for help. And Pest couldn't do anything. The clock ticks slowly to midnight. Pest doesn't stop crying. Moses tries, but his eyes stay dry. … Looking at him is hard, so Moses avoids it as much as he can. Pest wakes up a little past noon and scrubs his face tiredly, glancing around the room. \"Your probation worker had them fix up everything?\" Moses nods quietly. \"Mostly everything.\" Pest's eyes are still red but they don't talk about that. It hurts to think about their sudden vulnerability; they used to be so strong, and the idea of their weakness becoming prevalent to everyone is terrifying. Biggz was the one who they always had to protect. Now they have to protect each other, and the feeling is strange and bitter on the inside of their mouths. \"Biggz is —\" Pest cuts himself off, swallows hard. \"He's okay, you know. I've seen him a couple times.\" Privately, Moses thinks that seeing Biggz twice in the past six months doesn't mean shit for his mental health, but he doesn't say that. He wants to hope, too, even if it's foolishly. \"Maybe we can go see him.\" Pest nods hopefully. \"Yeah, he's just — he moved away from here. A ways away from the block. His mum — you know.\" Moses doesn't know, but he can guess. Biggz's mum moved him away from the block just so that Pest and Moses couldn't see him, because they were always bad influences on her precious kid, and now that this — now that Dennis and Jerome — she must've decided now was the best time. Pest tilts his head at Moses and he knows exactly what Pest is looking at. The scar on the side of his face won't go away; he'd been given antibiotics, everything, but the gash is still there, barely even scabbed over, ugly and big. The doctors told him it won't go away. Moses instinctively puts his hand over it, glancing away. \"Mine won't, either,\" Pest says, tugging up his pant leg to show Moses the bite wound. \"I'm gonna walk with a limp forever, cuz.\" Moses doesn't look at him, doesn't even answer. \"Where does Biggz live, then?\" Everything starts closing in and if he doesn't leave his flat soon, he feels like he'll suffocate with the force of the memories that still linger on the walls. Pest doesn't smile, but his lips flick upwards in the beginnings of something. … Biggz moved to a subdivision. All the houses look the same, every last one of them, and the bus ride out there took at least a half hour of deafening silence. There's a cobblestone driveway and everything. It makes Moses a little sick to imagine Biggz living out here, away from them. The door opens very slowly, and Biggz's mum peers out warily. \"Boys.\" Her voice is thick and raspy. Moses thinks she might be ill. \"Out of juvie, then, Moses?\" \"Yes'm,\" Moses mumbles, struggling to meet her eyes. \"Is, ah, Biggz in?\" A misty look goes over her eyes and she cranes her neck slightly before nodding, almost reluctantly. The door swings open and she ushers them in. \"He's in the back room. First door on the left of the hallway.\" Pest leads the way, and Moses imagines that he's been here only once before, imagines that Biggz was still holed up in his room even then. The door clicks open and creaks a little, and Moses has to bite his tongue from saying anything, because he expected this, he did. The room is dark, the absence of light made even more obvious by its only source: a flickering telly, cartoons playing at a low enough volume for Moses to wonder how Biggz even hears it. Biggz himself is curled up on his bed, wrapped in a blanket, and he barely even moves his head when they step onto the shag carpeting. \"Out of juvie, Moses?\" His voice is so different, so quiet, so unlike Biggz, and it makes Moses regret ever coming to see him. He can almost see the blood on his hands when he stares at them. \"Got out yesterday.\" Biggz sits up, and even that effort seems forced and unnatural. \"There's a light switch right there.\" He points, and Moses flicks it up, blinking once or twice at the sudden flow of light. He can finally see Biggz fully, and there's a sick feeling in his stomach when he does. Biggz lost a lot of weight. He looks frail and fragile, so tiny, and it makes Moses hate himself. \"Hey, Pest.\" Biggz makes a visible attempt at a smile. Pest lifts his hand awkwardly for a pseudo wave. \"Hey, man.\" \"Everything okay in there?\" Biggz's mum's tinny voice comes from beyond the door, and Moses imagines that she's standing there, wringing her hands nervously, waiting for something awful to happen. \"All fine.\" Biggz barely raises his voice but it seems to reassure her; Moses can hear her steps fading away from the door. There's an uncomfortable silence for a moment before Pest clears his throat pointedly and says, \"Well, we've come to kidnap you.\" He pauses and rephrases carefully. \"Just for a bit of time in the city. We'll bring you back, bruv.\" Biggz's shoulders quake slightly; Moses doesn't miss it, but it's gone after a brief second. \"I — I don't know if I can. Maybe. You're coming, too, Moses?\" His eyes have become sunken in and hollow, and Moses can't look away from them. They're almost lifeless, dull with the weight of something without a name, and he feels like those eyes reflect everything that Moses has been feeling for six months. He shakes away the darkness and nods, slowly. \"Just for a little while, yeah?\" Biggz pulls the blanket off him and stands shakily. Bile rises in Moses's throat, just looking at how weak he's become; his legs are nothing but twigs, and he wonders how Biggz manages to even walk on them, how they even manage to support his frame. \"Yeah. I'll go. I will, yeah. Let me just — gotta tell mum.\" His legs crack audibly as he disappears down the hall. Moses glances at Pest, but he won't look at him. He was lying when he said Biggz was fine, because he's not, and they know it. Pest swallows loudly and fingers the strings on his jacket, not saying a word. … The city is having one of those weird cold days in the middle of summer, something to do with the breeze, maybe. Throughout the entirety of the dya, Moses notices one thing about Biggz: he doesn't smile anymore. Every once in a while, it looks like he's about to, his lips twitching, but it's like something in his brain tells him to stop, and they go right back to the perpetual lifelessness that has become his trademark. And he doesn't eat. They nicked a few candies off the shelf at the drugstore, offering some to Biggz, trying to feel something resembling normalcy again, but Biggz doesn't even look at them. He says he's not hungry, but more than once Moses can hear his stomach rumbling in protest. Signs have started popping up in and around the city for a movie version of the incident at the block six months ago. Moses tries to avoid looking at them; a white boy, some Zac Efron type, is playing the starring role, which is so typical that it makes Moses laugh for the first time in a long time. \"It's gonna be a load of shit,\" Pest says helpfully as they pass yet another sign for it. \"Trust.\" Biggz doesn't say a word, but Moses watches his shoulders shake again. Biggz has barely spoken all day. It makes Moses uncomfortable, considering how he could never get Biggz to shut up before. \"I don't even want to think about it,\" he mumbles, and Biggz nods at that, his head bobbing up and down, too big for his body. The night creeps up slowly, and they barely notice it. It's not that they're having too much fun to feel the passage of time, but that the day has been going by so slowly, almost ethereally, that they haven't felt anything but the weight of the city on their shoulders. Pest says that when he got out of juvie, he kept getting people at his doorstep, leaving flowers and chocolates and notes of condolence. Now that time had passed, everyone seemed to forget about the incident at the block, and the city began to move on. The world barely cared about the boys whose blood spattered the ground at the block. They cared about the aliens, the idea of a movie, the money spilling in from the note under the title: \"Based on true events.\" Biggz seems to drag on his feet by the time the city goes dark. Moses offers to take him back to his flat, before sending him home on the bus, and Biggz nods silently, tugging his shirt down over his bony waist. The walk back is short, and all Moses can hear is honking in the distance, people shouting drunkenly, screeching of wheels. It's all so unfamiliar after so many months locked away from the world. He barely even notices where they are, where they're walking, before Pest tugs on the back of his jacket and hisses, \"Wait. Biggz.\" Moses turns around. Biggz had been lagging behind for a while now, but he's fully stopped now, staring at something on the brick directly in front of him. Moses knows what it is before he makes his way over to check. His heart sinks to his stomach and he stares, mesmerized, at the graffiti painted all over the wall. He remembers the night they did this. Pest spent all his allowance on the spray cans, because the place they bought it from was notorious for its high surveillance. They had four, and they spent the entire night doing juvenile things like drawing penises on the school walls, laughing as they went, high off the cold air and the night closing in all around them like a heavy blanket of stars. And they'd practiced, because none of them were artists, except for Jerome who wanted to go to art school, and they always dumped on him for that. Pest took the first turn, then Moses, and Jerome and Dennis next. Biggz was last, because Biggz was always last. Tiniest went last. That was the rule. They expected it to be painted over by morning, but for some reason, it stayed. And it still stayed. Biggz breathes out through his mouth. His eyes start watering. Moses can feel something in the back of his throat. Pest clutches Moses's arm, like he'll fall over if he doesn't. And everything is very, very quiet, and very, very still. Biggz wipes his eyes with the back of his hand. \"I miss them,\" he chokes out, coughing up the words. Pest flinches, like the sound reminds him of Jerome choking on the blood in his throat. Moses remembers Dennis screaming for help. Dennis looked at him in his final moments, before they ripped his throat out, and Moses could only stare at him, frozen with fear. The screams echo all around him. He thinks Pest can hear them too. Biggz whispers, \"I want to go home.\" Moses looks at him, just as he collapses to his knees, shaking all over, crying like he hasn't in months, and maybe he hasn't. Pest tugs him to his feet and doesn't say a word. Moses forgot how to. Suddenly, the block is too far away, as they start walking back, leaving the names painted on the brick. … They sent Biggz home on the bus a little after nightfall, making him promise to call when he got home, to make sure he was alright. Biggz didn't say anything. He didn't even look at them. But he nodded, promising that he would, and Pest and Moses watched the bus roll off apprehensively. Pest had swiped some cough syrup when Moses wasn't looking, and he downs the bottle in a few swigs, shuddering with the taste. Moses lets him, because Moses doesn't know how to tell him to stop. He doesn't know if this will make anything better. He doesn't know how to make anything better. Six months didn't help anything. He can still hear the screams. Pest slumps against him, whispering something that Moses can't hear. The world feels very small now. Like their entire life became shorter when Dennis and Jerome died. After a few minutes, Moses starts to hear what Pest is saying. \"It's not your fault. I know you think that. It ain't. We did that shit together, bruv. All together. All our faults. We killed that thing. All of us. Our faults. Everyone.\" His voice has gone deep and slurred with the drug, and Moses feels his hands coming up to his shoulders, but his eyes are squeezed shut. He doesn't want to see his face. He doesn't want to hear what he's saying. \"I watched Jerome die. You know? Blood everywhere. He wanted me to help him. I couldn't. He reached for me. I couldn't.\" Moses starts humming again, drowning out the words. He can't. He can't. He can't. \"I thought you were dead too, for sure. I thought you were going to die. I didn't know what I would do. I heard the explosion. All the way in Ron's weed room. I heard all of it. Thought you died.\" He starts sniffing, the way he does when he's about to start crying but wants to stop it. The humming grows louder. A buzzing noise. \"It's okay. To think about it. I try not to. But I do. It's okay. I'm okay. We're still here.\" And Pest stops, finally. He pushes his face into Moses's shoulder, and he stops crying, and he stops talking, and he stops breathing. He becomes quiet and still. It's not like Pest at all. It makes Moses sick. Everything has changed. Everything. \"Biggz isn't okay, cuz,\" Moses says, like this is something Pest didn't already know. \"He's not going to be okay.\" He feels the pricking behind his eyes for the first time in years. Pest is heavy and numb on his side, like the dull weight of the world. Moses starts crying. The breeze rolls in from the open window, and the ash dances all over the ground, and Moses starts crying, and Pest clutches onto him, and they're the last ones left. They're the last ones standing, the winners of the game. Moses doesn't stop crying until the sky turns pale blue with morning, and the sun peeks up over the buildings, and life still goes on without them, as it tends to do. ","Summary":" A/N: i can't write fanfiction anymore i don't know what i'm doing He gets out of juvie on a very ra"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"We Are The People (Hiatus)","Author":"OblivionsGarden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8861335","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title - We Are The People Chapter title - Floor 12, Flat 172 Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Sci-Fi Disclaimer - I do not own Attack The Block in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters. For this chapter, Rumer and her dad. Summary - Rumer has never been anywhere long enough to make friends and as a result she's overly shy around new people. With a dad who's far too over protective will she learn to open up and live on the wild side? Luckily there are some new boys around who can help her do just that. That is until the aliens invaded the block. Pest/OC A/n - I know I already have two other Pest/Oc stories on the go but he's such a good character and ATB is such a god movie I can't resist starting another fic. Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: Staring up at the building I felt a wave of dread wash over me. This area wasn't the best and worse still I'd be spending most of my time here alone. \"12th floor, honey.\" \"Twelfth floor? Jesus Christ.\" I shrugged my oversize rucksack onto my shoulder, lifted a large box and started for the large tower building that was where I was going to be calling home from now on. I used the key my dad had given me earlier and let myself into the reception area. I pressed the button for the lift and waited for it to land. When it did, two dark skinned girls walked out, staring at me as they did so. I held the box closer to myself, avoiding their gaze as I got in the lift and hit the twelve button. I placed the box on the floor, hearing something break as I did so. I checked the label and saw it was one of my boxes so at least dad wouldn't have anything to bitch about later. The lift stopped short on the tenth floor and before I could hit the twelve button again, three boys barged in. One had glasses, one had a small afro and the other was wearing a woolen hat with tassels. I used my foot to slide my box to the back of the lift and squashed myself against the wall, keeping my head down. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't a total wimp but...I did have issues when it came to meeting people. My dad travels alot for work and I usually travel with him so I'm never anywhere long enough to make friends. As a result I've become kind of, secluded and shy around other kids my age. We were only moving into this flat because my dad thinks that now I'm seventeen I should get a job and become more capable of standing on my own two feet whilst he travels. I noticed the boy with glasses hit the floor nineteen button and inwardly groaned. But did I say anything? Of course I didn't, I stayed quiet and didn't make a sound. \"Alright there girly? I ain't seen you around here before... You new?\" The one with the afro asked. I nodded meekly. Please don't talk to me. \"What's your name?\" The one with glasses asked. \"Hang on, have we skipped your floor?\" I nodded again. \"Which floor?\" \"Twelve.\" The one with the afro double tapped the 19 and then hit thee 12. \"Thanks.\" We went back down one floor and I picked up my box and left without looking back. Just before the door closed I heard one of them call \"You didn't tell us your name.\" Ah crap. The twelth floor had three different doors on it. I checked the key my dad had given me but there was no number on it. I placed the box down again, carefully this time and pulled out my phone. My dad answered on the second ring. \"Which number are we?\" \"172.\" \"Cheers.\" I hung up, found the right door and pushed the key in. The flat was small, two bedrooms, one bathroom and quite dingy. No doubt it'd be up to me to clean and re decorate. No problem, it'd give me something to do. I put the box on the floor beside my bag and had a quick look round. One bedroom had a double bed and the other had a princess bed. I moved my bag and box into the room with the princess bed and made my way back out to the car. This was going to be a long evening. I passed my dad on the way back down to the car and had to hide a giggle because all I could see was his fluffy black hair and electric blue eyes over the top of his boxes. He handed me the car keys and warned me about a group of lads lurking in the garage area. I nodded and continued on. Sure enough when I reached our new lock up the three boys from the lift and two others were five doors down from me. The others that I didn't recognize turned to stare at me. One was tall and dark skinned with a snap back hat on and the other had a strange sort of off centered mo hawk that actually quite suited him. \"Oi, it's the new girl!\" One of them shouted. I hurried to open the locker back up and get inside. Once I did I shut the door behind me and concentrated on getting out the last of my boxes. When I opened the door again, the five boys were lent against the opposite wall staring at me. Shit. \"Why are you so scared of us?\" The one with the afro said. \"We ain't gonna hurt you or nothing'. We just wanna know your name, is all.\" I pushed the box out of the lock up and shut and locked the door behind me. \"Rumer.\" \"Eh?\" \"Rumer. Rumer Howard. That's my name.\" My voice was quiet when I spoke. \"Rumer...That's unusual.\" The one in the woolen hat commented. I nodded, lifted my boxes and walked back towards the building. \"You don't talk much, Rumer.\" I heard behind me. I ignored them and continued on. My dad was coming out of the lift as I was about to get in. I handed him the car keys. \"Any trouble from those lads?\" \"No. These are my last boxes. I'm gonna set up my room OK?\" \"Alright love.\" I didn't really have much to unpack besides my clothes. Like I said we traveled alot so we usually kept things light. I had a few keepsakes that I'd gathered over the years but not many. My only real possession that I'd be distraught if I lost is a photograph. A photo of me aged about 8 months old in my mothers arms with my dad by her side, his arm draped around her shoulder. It was the only photo I had of my mother and she died not long after it was taken. Her name was Emma and besides that all I know about her is that she was too good for my dad to ever move on after her death. Even know, seventeen years on and he doesn't like talking about her. He says it brings back too many memories, so instead I just keep my photo close and imagine what she would've been like from that. I cleaned my room first, seeing as thought it had a layer of dirt on everything. Then I unpacked once everything was nice and shiny again. My room was a plain magnolia white so I decided I'd leave it that colour and decorate the walls with photos, posters and doodles. I had a habit of drawing on walls, not like graffiti or anything, out of mindless vandalism just mainly out of mindless boredom. My dad must've come back whilst I was cleaning cause when I finally left my bedroom to get rid of my now empty boxes, he was sat on the dirty brown sofa drinking a cup of tea. \"You don't hang about do you?\"He smiled. \"Just wanted to get settled.\" I checked the time on the television screen and found it was quarter to twelve. \"I'm going to bed. I'm gonna finish the cleaning in the morning, OK?\" \"Alright. I'll be at work early so I'll see you late tomorrow night.\" \"Night dad.\" \"Night, love.\" When I awoke in the morning, I found a note stuck on the fridge with my name scrawled across it in my dad's messy handwriting. 'Rumer, stay safe if you head out today. I'll be back late. If you stay in, don't answer the door with out checking who it is first. And stay away from and dodgy looking people. You know the type I mean. See you tonight, love dad. xx' I shook my head and made myself a cup of tea. My plan was to stay in and clean the flat and get everything unpacked but I used the last tea bag and I couldn't function without tea. Plus we only had bread and eggs in so I'd have to get some food too. We had a tin in our house that dad put money in for things like food etc. I dressed in the first pair of jeans I found and my favorite black and white jumper. I pulled on my studded skate trainers, left my long auburn hair loose and wavy and pulled on my green jacket. I grabbed a ten pound note from the tin and left the flat, locking the door behind me. I checked the time on my phone and found it was ten to ten in the morning. Outside the shops there was the two girls I'd seen last night coming out of the lift. The darker skinned girl frowned at me. \"You the new girl Biggz was talkin' about?\" She asked I passed her. I shrugged. \"You Rumer?\" I nodded. \"Well don't worry about them boys OK? They might look like your average gang of idiots but they're harmless if you're from the block.\" \"Thanks.\" \"I'm Tia by the way. This is Dimples.\" \"Hi.\" I smiled and went on with my shopping. I was about halfway back to the flats when two of the boys caught up with me. They were just getting off the bus as I walked past the shelter. They spotted me and decided to walk me back home. \"Rumer, yeah?\" I nodded. \"I'm Biggz, that's Pest.\" \"Hi.\" \"You don't talk much do you?\" \"Not really.\" \"Why not?\" Pest asked. I shrugged as I usually did. \"What brings you down this end anyway?\" \"My dad works away alot and I used to travel with him. He just thought I should stay in one place and get a job.\" \"Ah, the familiar job speech eh? Get that from my mum alot.\" Biggz laughed. I smiled a little. \"You're so shy, man.\" Pest commented as we walked through the door of the block. \"You should come chill with us and the boys some time, we'll teach you how to relax a little. I bet you're an innocent too.\" Again, I shrugged. \"Depends how you define innocent.\" \"Oh yeah? You got me intrigued girl.\" We entered the lift and Biggz hit the 12 button. \"It was the twelfth floor, yeah?\" I nodded. \"Right. What flat?\" When I hesitated to answer Pest laughed. \"We ain't gonna rob you, love.\" \"I didn't think that, it's just...My dad's a little bit over protective when it come to who I socialize with.\" \"Ah, daddy don't want his princess hangin' out with hoodlums yeah?\" \"Something like that.\" I exited the lift, making to leave them behind. But something stopped me. The thought of finally having a social life was too good of an opportunity to pass up. I turned just in time to stick out my foot stopping the doors from closing. \"172.\" \"Rebel.\" Biggz grinned. \"Come up to floor nineteen later. The flat at the end of the hall, it's Ron's. Be there about eight-ish, we'll be there. Ron'll answer, tell him we asked you up.\" \"And if you don't come by half eight...We know where you live.\" Pest added, widening his eyes with a chuckle. The lift doors closed and I found myself smiling at the thought of finally having something to do in the evening rather than spending it alone and bored. A/n - Rumer's outfit for the day if you're interested. /rumer_howard_atb_fic/set?id=67506101 (Add that onto the end of polyvore -dotcom-)[Chapter 2] Title - We Are The People Chapter title - First Time For Everything Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Sci-Fi Disclaimer - I do not own Attack The Block in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters. For this chapter, Rumer and her dad. A/n - Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: Once I'd made myself another cup of tea I tied my hair into a bun, rolled my sleeves up and set to cleaning the living room. Once that was done, I finished the bathroom and the kitchen and my dad's room. I left his boxes for him to unpack himself. By the time I was finished it was three in the afternoon. I flicked the TV on and made myself some beans on toast. As usual there was nothing interesting on tv so I found one of my few DVDs and stuck it in the player. After my dinner I lay down and ended up falling asleep. By the time I woke up it was five to eight. With a yawn I turned the TV off and headed into the bathroom. I splashed my face with cool water to wake myself up a bit. I brushed my hair and sat back in the living room, resting my feet on the coffee table. I was unsure of what to do. On the one hand I've got an opportunity to make some friends for a change, maybe have alot of fun and on the other hand my dad could disapprove and flip his shit. Unless I didn't tell him of course. I found an old notepad in my bedroom and scribbled down a quick message for him. ' Dad, got invited to a small gathering in a flat a few floors down. Just a few girls. I'll be back later. Love, Ru. x ' By the time I found my trainers and jacket it was quarter past eight. And with the lift taking forever to arrive on my floor, I gave up and took the stairs. Seven floors later it was eight thirty exactly. Right, which flat did Biggz say it was. The one on the end? Hoping my memory was serving me correctly, I went to the very end flat and rung the doorbell. A chubby guy with long greasy hair answered. \"Alright?\" \"Um...Ron?\" I asked hopefully. \"Maybe.\" \"Biggz told me to come here.\" \"Did he?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Well you better come in then.\" \"Right. Thanks.\" He opened the door wide enough for me to enter, shutting and locking it behind me. I stood awkwardly in the hall. \"Well go on then. The boys are in there.\" I heard the loud chatter and laughter coming from the living room and gulped. I was never going to fit in with these guys. \"Actually... I just remembered I'm supposed to be meeting someone. Tell them I said sorry yeah.\" \"Yeah. Alright.\" Ron turned to unlock the door and I shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot. \"Oi, Rumer where you goin'?\" I turned and saw Biggz stood at the end of the short hall. \"I...Uh...\" \"She's got to meet someone, ain't you?\" Ron smirked knowingly. \"You skippin' out on us?\" \"No, I just..\" \"Come on, we'll get you a beer.\" Biggz moved closer, clutching my elbow and pulling me through into the living room. He left me to be stared at by his friends whilst he headed off into the kitchen. \"I was beginning to think you weren't comin'. Thought I was gonna have to come and find you.\" Pest said patting the sofa between him and the boy with glasses. \"Come sit.\" I sat down like an obedient dog, folding my arms across my chest and avoiding looking at anybody. \"Pest said your name was Rumer.\" The one with the hat said. I nodded. \"I'm Moses, this is Jerome and Dennis. You already know Biggz obviously.\" I nodded. \"Pest was right man, you is so shy.\" \"Do you drink beer?\" Biggz called from the kitchen. \"Um...Sometimes.\" \"We've got Carling or you can have a can of coke if you want.\" \"Coke's fine, thanks.\" \"Innocent.\" Pest mumbled. I frowned at him. \"What?\" \"Why do you think I'm so innocent?\" \"Shy girls are always innocent, man. Trust.\" Dennis answered for him. \"Hm.\" I wanted to say more but knew they'd think I was just lying to impress them. Biggz entered the room and handed me a can of coke before sinking down onto the other sofa beside Moses. \"So, Rumer...Who gave you that name?\" He asked with a slight frown. \"My mum. It means gypsy apparently.\" \"Gypsy? Any connection with you in that?\" \"Sort of, I guess. I mean I've traveled around England with my dad all my life.\" \"Is it? Don't you get fed up?\" Pest asked as he rolled himself a cigarette. \"Sometimes. That's why I'm staying put whilst he goes off for work.\" We continued speaking for some time, them asking me questions about myself and my past and in return telling me little snippets about their own lives. Like how Biggz lived with his mum who was a little over bearing at times but only since his dad left at the start of the year. How Dennis lived with his mum and step dad who he didn't really like but put up with for the few good times he had had with him. And Jerome's constant bickering with his sisters and their friends. Pest's love for his Nana, which I thought was particularly sweet of him to admit and Moses who was obviously the strong silent type that lived with his absentee Uncle. Most of the night I was trying to figure out what Pest was smoking since it smelt very different to the cigarettes my dad smoked. He seemed very chilled out and part of me wondered if he was smoking some kind of drugs. I'd never really come into contact with any illegal substances so I wouldn't know one if it turned human and kicked me in the shin. \"Want some?\" Pest noticed me staring at the roll up in his hand and offered it to me. \"Uh...What is it?\" \"It's weed, love. Told you you was an innocent.\" \"Is it legal?\" I asked taking it from him. The boys burst into laughter. \"In some countries.\" \"In England?\" \"Not exactly.\" I glanced between each of the boys trying to decide if this was a good idea or not. Surely one little try wouldn't hurt would it? I placed it in between my lips, taking a deep drag like I'd seen people do on TV and in films. I'd never smoked before so the sensation was knew to me. I held the smoke in for a while before exhaling in one stream. I avoided a cough and handed the joint back to Pest. I ended up having two more drags of the stuff before it was gone and stubbed out into the ashtray. It was a strange feeling, at first just an odd buzzing sensation in my head. Then when I closed my eyes I felt like I was floating, flying maybe. Now I understood the whole reason they called it 'getting high'. I slumped down further into my seat, winding up leaning slightly against Jerome's arm. \"You alright there?\" Pest asked smiling at me. I don't know if it was the weed or what, but something about that smile made me want to straddle his lap, if you catch my drift. \"Fine.\" I smiled back. \"I pick pockets.\" \"Eh?\" I'd captured everyone's attention now. \"You asked what I meant when I said I wasn't that innocent. I pick people's pockets. I'm bloody good at it too.\" \"Seriously?\" I nodded moving to my bag and pulling out a wallet I'd had for a few days. I pulled the id from inside and handed it to Pest. \"Mark something or other. He was in the train station a few weeks ago.\" \"How do you do that?\" Jerome seemed genuinely surprised. \"Pretend to bump into 'em. Slip a hand in their pocket. Or if they've got a bag, bump into 'em and knock it out of their hand. Be polite, apologize hand them their bag off the floor. Take something whilst you apologize. Simple.\" \"Well you proved me wrong.\" Pest laughed, handing the id back. I sighed putting the wallet back in my bag. \"Do you have any more of that?\" I nodded to the ashtray. \"Funny how a bit o' weed can open a girl up, eh?\" Dennis laughed, pulling out another joint and lighting it up. We chilled out at Ron's place, smoking and talking until gone eleven when I decided I should probably go home. I didn't feel like standing up and walking back home but forced myself to. Moses was the first to leave the group, since he lived on the 18th floor below Ron's floor. The others left too until it was just Pest and I in the lift heading to my floor, Pest living on the tenth, two floors below. \"Had fun then?\" He asked, bleary eyed. \"Yeah.\" I smiled. \"You have really pretty eyes.\" I commented, noticing the deep blue colour of them. \"I like you when you're high.\" The lift stopped on my floor and I slowly stepped out. \"We're definitely making this a common occurrence.\" \"Sounds good.\" I gave him a thumbs up and continued on home. It wasn't until I'd managed to lock the door behind me that I heard the television. \"You're home late. Have fun with these new girls?\" \"Hm?\" I frowned, turning to face my dad. \"Oh yeah. We just, chilled out.\" \"What's their names?\" \"Um...Tia and Dimples.\" \"Dimples?\" He snorted. \"You kids get weird nicknames.\" I headed for my bedroom, rubbing my eyes in tiredness. \"Ru, are you drunk?\" \"Uh...\" Shit shit shit. \"It's alright. It's about time you got out and had fun with your mates. I was drinking with mine from thirteen.\" \"Huh. Yeah, we had a few beers.\" I lied. Better to lie than tell him I'd been smoking weed all night. The following morning, I didn't wake up till half eleven. My memory of the night before was hazy and I felt starving. Since we still only had a little food in, I took more money from the pot, dressed in my jeans, baggy top and biker boots, left my hair loose and grabbed my bag, In the lift, was Dennis also looking a little worse for wear. \"Alright, fam?\" \"Alright.\" \"Goin' down?\" I nodded, leaning back against the lift wall. \"How you feelin' this morning?\" \"Shitty and hungry.\" \"Sounds about right.\" Dennis smirked. \"I can't remember that much to be honest.\" \"Yeah. You smoke too much it's like a blackout. Like when you get mad drunk and don't remember nothin'.\" \"We didn't smoke that much.\" \"You're a first timer though, innit?\" \"I didn't do anything or say anything embarrassing did I?\" The lift landed on the ground floor and we both stepped out. \"Nah. You told us about your pocket pickin' thing.\" \"Oh god. Please tell me you won't tell anyone. I mean, it's not like I do it all the time just every now and then or if we're hard up for cash. I mean-\" \"Stop hyping, man. Me and the boys ain't exactly on the right side of the law anyway.\" \"Oh. Right.\" I blushed at my rambling. \"Where you heading anyway?\" \"McDonald's. Weed leaves you hungry.\" \"No kidding.\" \"Come with, I'm meetin' Pest and Biggz there.\" \"Uh...Sure why not.\" \"Oh yeah that's something else.\" Dennis' smirk increased in size now. \"I'm pretty sure if we'd had left you an' Pest alone last night, you would've jumped each other.\" My eyes widened. \"What?\" \"Honest girl, you looked like you wanted to jump his bones.\" \"Don't be ridiculous.\" I could feel my cheeks burning and sped my walk so Dennis was a few steps behind. It still didn't stop be having to listen to his laughter the whole way there. A/n - Rumer's outfit for the day if you're interested. /cgi/set?id=67907714 (Add that onto the end of polyvore -dotcom-) ","Summary":" Title - We Are The People Chapter title - Floor 12, Flat 172 Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Roman"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"Love and Hurt Intertwined","Author":"Korangatangi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11399347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Love and Hurt Intertwined Mary almost falls when she sees him again. Of course, she's seen him on the news. Getting up to no good. Has seen his image plastered all over the newspapers. Reeking havoc. Has seen him in her dreams. Her own personal reel of history films; him in a leopard skin loin cloth, spear in hand; him in Roman garb, sword raised; him lying bloody and broken...always with a weapon, raised to defend her. She has become adept at separating that part of her life. It's almost like a dream, nothing real, nothing tangible, nothing that has actually happened to her. But then Ray brings him home. And he is standing so close to her that all she needs to do is take a single step to close the gap between them and she'll be able to touch him again. But she doesn't. Because he doesn't remember her. And she's glad for this...really, she is. Because she knows that if he remembers, then it will be close to impossible for her to segment her feelings for him. To pretend that that part of her life is not real. If he remembers, she will go to him, and they will attack, and he will defend her. And the cycle will play again as it has always played. Love and hurt, intertwined for her forever. She loves him so much that it is a physical ache in her bones. The thought of him getting hurt causes her to hurt. The pain rises up and almost chokes her making it impossible for her to hear a word that Ray says. She is surprised at her own strength, that she is able to speak through the lump in her throat. That she is able to keep herself upright and look him square in the eye as though he is not the entire universe to her. Love and hurt, intertwined forever. Later, she tells Ray to stay away from him. She knows this will be the only way she can do the same. The only way to protect him. Her thoughts turn inward even as her hands busy themselves applying lotion to skin that will never age. Thoughts in turmoil, a sword plunged deep into his stomach in Greece. Hands methodically applying lotion. Yes, she has to stay away from him. It's the only way he'll survive. Love and hurt, intertwined forever. Why does he keep coming back? She knows that he feels it. The pull that's between them like a physical rope tying their fates together. She turns around and he's there. So close. Her lips go to his of their own accord. They know their way, have kissed him millions, upon thousands, upon hundreds of times. The small caress opens up the floodgate of hurt that she's been working valiantly to stem. And before she knows it, her thoughts of pushing him away to protect him have manifested into a physical push that sends him flying. All these years of being careful with Ray gone in the split of a second just by the merest brushing of lips. She has no control when it comes to him. Love and hurt, intertwined forever. In the end, she follows through with her plan to keep him safe. He moves to New York and she stays in LA. She loves him so much that she would rather hurt by being apart and know he's safe than love being together and expose him to danger. Love and hurt, intertwined forever. ","Summary":" Love and Hurt Intertwined Mary almost falls when she sees him again. Of course, she's seen him on t"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"The Ones I Love Most","Author":"Kokurai-Alchemist","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7064732","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Ones I Love Most Mary knew she shouldn't be here but at the same time she could no longer deny the burning inside of her, the deep needing that pushed her to come see him here tonight. It almost broke her heart to see him there, weak and human in a way that he hadn't been in over 80 years and knowing that it was in part, her fault. Knowing that because of her weakness that she just COULDN'T stay away from him anylonger, knowing that everytime they were close, she drained his power from him making him human. She looked at him, reading his eyes and anshering the question that he didn't voice \"You're becoming mortal\" Seeing him more confused she went on \"It's us, being close to each other. It's never happened this fast before\" He simply stared at her as she contuined \"You have to leave. The farther you get away from me, the better you're going to feel. You'll start gettin your powers back, you'll be flying and breaking things and saving people before you know it.\" She said smiling at the thought. They stayed there for sometime, talking about them, their past the history they had that he had forgotten. She gently skimmed her hand over his chest, going immedently to the scars as her memories reminded her exactly how each had happened. \"Eighty years ago.\" John said \"What happened then?\" Fighting back tears she called the night in question up into her mind \"We were living in Miami and a new movie was playing in town.\" \"Frankenstein,\" John said with an understanding sigh. \"And after, we walked down Flagler Street and you took my hand and you held it so tight.\" She took his hand, loving the way it fit perfectly into hers, and pressed her cheek to them, temporarily overcome with emontion. \"And they attacked us in a alley. They hit you so hard, there was so much blood. They wouldn't let me ride in the ambulance with you. And by the time I got to the hospital, you were awake. But you didn't know me. So I left. Every time we are togeather they come after you through me.\" Mary stared at John, so lost in memories that she didn't notice Ray and Aaron walk in. \"You're built to save people more then the rest of us thats who you are. You're a hero. The insurence policy of the gods. Keep one alive. You. To protect this world\" Suddenly a jolt went through Mary's body casing her to raise off the bed to look in the hallway. Two men where coming and she knew with out a doubt that they were not here for more then a get well call. She was running to stop them when the first bullet hit her, and before she could even process what had happened the second bullet struck home. The pain came as such a shock that all Mary could do was gasp out a little choked cry as she crumpled to the ground. As her mind struggled to comprehend this feeling she hadn't felt in so long unwanted memories serfaced of the last time she had felt pain, eighty years ago in Miami. When she had walked into that hospital room, so happy to see that he was alive and he had looked at her and said that three words that had shattered her world forever \"Who are you?\" Strangly she felt the same then as she did now, so shocked and out of breath that nothing seemed to make sense. Dimly she heard two different people yell her name, followed by a younger voice yelling \"Mom!\" Slowly the names attached to the voices filtered in: John, Ray, Aaron. Just as the names came to her so did he, Hancock he went by now, she tried to speak with him but all that came out where moans. As he layed her on the bed she remembered once again what it was like when she felt she had lost him. Not wanting to feel that again she clung to him desperately, pleading with him to be safe, don't do this, don't die. Against her will her body dropped back to the bed and she felt him pull away, and watched him leave through eyes that seemed to be going hazy. Then she saw them, her other men, her Ray and Aaron, she saw Ray trying to protect Aaron but he was only human after all. \"I need to help them, I CAN'T lose anyone else again.\" Her mind screamed at her as she painfully got up off the bed and attempted to go to them. Her legs gave out before she could even leave the room and suddenly there where nurses there, lifting her away from Aaron and John and Ray, away from the ones she HAD to protect. She tried to fight them but she was so weak and soon more men came to hold her down. \"Get up!\" Her mind screamed as she struggled and looked at Aaron, her boy, her child that she had raised even though she had not given birth to him. She cried in anguis to see him looking so scared and doubled her efforts to get to him. Then she heard, no FELT, John scream in pain and it was as if her very soul was being ripped out. She screamed, loud and long, screamed for the ones she loved and couldn't help, Aaron, John and Ray. \"Stay calm!\" The doctors told her. \"How can I be calm when they are in danger?\" She wanted to replay \"How could I be calm when the ones I love most are in danger of being lost forever?\" But before she could say anything else, she felt her connection to John, felt the pain as he was hit and hurt and choked by whoever was attacking him. She cryed out in pain, not only physical but emontional as well. \"He's dieing! Help him!\" She wanted to tell them all but the only thing she could do was scream. Then it all started to fade, she seemed to lose the connection to her body, to John, to Ray and Aaron. She dimly felt the doctors poking her with needles and monotoring her heart beat, then trying to shock her when it turned speratical. She tried to hold on to the light but it was all slipping away, it was all turning into nothing and suddenly it was all gone, nothing left but black nothingness and it was quiet so so quiet. Then Mary felt it, a spark of life deep within her chest, she felt her body jerk with spasams as her heart slowly restarted. And got stronger and stronger untill finally Mary could open her eyes, open her eyes and find the ones she loved most. ","Summary":" The Ones I Love Most Mary knew she shouldn't be here but at the same time she could no longer deny "},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"Tragic Love","Author":"Sage-of-Ink","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12920839","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Whatever she and John were, whatever there kind was, they were built in two's. Man and wife, one and two, positive and negative. They are drawn to each other like two atoms. They have been for over a thousand years, since the moment they laid eyes on each other. Mary remembers that moment well. She was in what is now modern day Africa, she was a healer of the village she was staying in for the moment. She was out picking herbs in the jungle when she heard a roar and the terrified scream. As it was in her nature to protect people, Mary took off in the direction of the scream, leaving a small crater where her feet were. It took less than a moment too get there but she was already too late. He had beaten her there. Dressed in a buffalo loincloth and a lion tooth necklace, he was protecting a little girl from lions. He was beating them easily. A punch or a kick was all it took to kill them. It was over in less than ten seconds. Skip ahead two months and he says \"I love you\" for the first time. Another 2 months and they're married. In her very long life Mary can barely think of two moments in her life where she was just as happy. Most never even came close. And then they came, wielding wooden spears and torches, they came after her to get to him. He fought them off, taking a spear to the stomach that was aimed at her. It was the first time she saw him bleed, but it wouldn't be the last. She saw him bleed in Persia when he shielded her from the rain of arrows they fired upon them. In Greece, when he fought off soldiers in phalanxes. In Rome when he killed an entire battalion in her defense. In 1850 when they set fire to their home, burns covered his body, but he still carried her to safety. It was the same formula over and over again. He would save people, they would love him for it and then hate him, until eventually they would use her, his only weakness to get to him. So she ran. She ran as far and as fast she could. To protect him but he always found her, and she was always so happy when he did, because she thought that finally , finally this was the time that they could be happy together. Then they would come and he'd save her like he always did, but he'd end up broken and bloody by the end. That was the tragic fate of her love with Jon. XXXX It was amnesia the doctors said. \"Do I know you?\" That single statement hurt more than anything Mary had ever felt. It was like a thousand blades had been shoved into her heart. Like someone was ripping it out of her chest. How do you respond to that? What do you say when the man you had been in love with for the past 3,000 years can't remember you? She opened her mouth to tell him who she was. Who they were to each other, and their history together, but she stopped herself. This was her chance to finally keep him safe, and for her to finally live a normal life. He wouldn't miss what he couldn't remember. So she left. XXXX Decades flew by and she never heard from him. He hadn't come looking for her.. Other than that he moved from Miami, and had fought in WWII she heard nothing of the man she once loved. Mary didn't know how to feel about that. On one hand she was relieved, but on the other she was sad. Relieved because he wasn't being hurt because of her, but sad because he wasn't looking for her. Even when they were a part and seeing other people, he always looked for her. To know that he wasn't was...difficult. But she could work through that, after all if normal people break up all the time and get over it so could she. XXXX She had been in the kitchen making pancakes and eggs for her new family when she saw it. The news was on and a it had a breaking news. Drunk Superhero Saves School bus Full of Kids. Glass in her hand shattered. Without even looking at the picture she knew who they were talking about. He finally found her. ","Summary":" Whatever she and John were, whatever there kind was, they were built in two's. Man and wife, one an"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"It's Never Too Late (To Rewrite Your Story)","Author":"Jedi Buttercup","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9003504","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title : It's Never Too Late (To Rewrite Your Story) Author : Jedi Buttercup Rating : T Disclaimer : The words are mine; the worlds are not. Summary : \"So, hey. You never said,\" Hancock says out of the blue one night, after an especially busy evening in New York that had played out on the six o'clock news while the Embreys were eating dinner. 2000 words. Spoilers : Tag for \"Hancock\" (2008) Notes : For somebraveapollo in Yuletide 2012. Because I've wondered about the worldbuilding behind this movie, too. Mary/Ray, with threesome-ish implications. \"So, hey. You never said,\" Hancock says out of the blue one night, after an especially busy evening in New York that had played out on the six o'clock news while the Embreys were eating dinner. Mary trades a wry, fond glance with Ray. Their cell phone bills have been through the roof since Ray had sent Hancock a Bluetooth and started this tradition of weekly three-way calling – once even literally, the first time she'd opened the Verizon envelope – but it's worth it for the warmth she sees in her husband's eyes. And hears in her partner's voice. Ray had believed in Hancock before Mary did, but she hadn't dared hope he'd accept her truth as well. She'd thought she'd be forced to choose between them – between the human she's found refuge in and her 'fate' – but he's found a way to turn their tangled knot into an and instead of an or . She really doesn't know what she's done to deserve him. \"There's a lot of things I haven't said yet, John,\" she replies. \"It's a little hard to catch up on several thousand years of history in a few weeks. You want to be a little more specific?\" \"John,\" he chuckles, roughly. \"Yeah, about that . You told me people used to think we were gods or angels. But you never said what name they knew me by, and I been wondering.\" Ray blinks at John's comment, then sits up straighter, letting the tablet he'd been using to sketch out his next Allheart campaign drop to his lap. \"Hey, that's right. You've never told us what your name used to be, either,\" he says, staring at her with avid interest. \"No, because you were too busy asking what Attila the Hun was like, or if I'd met JFK, to bring it up,\" she points out, smirking at him and reaching for his hand. He takes hers easily, without flinching, despite the fact that Mary could grind his bones to dust with the least clench of her fingers. Ray's always been that way, giving so effortlessly of himself even when common sense should tell him to back away, and that hasn't changed at all since Hancock crashed into their lives and exposed her little secret. In all her existence, she's never met anyone else like him. \"Sorry, you're right,\" he shrugs, a little sheepish and a lot amused. Then clears his throat and adopts a more serious expression, like the one he'd worn when he'd popped a certain other question. \"Mary Embrey, light of my life, will you tell me what your name was before I met you?\" \"Which one?\" she teases. \"I've been called a lot of things in my lifetime.\" \"Aw, c'mon,\" Hancock groans. \"I'm serious, here. I know they didn't have Youtube before I woke up in Miami, but there's got to be newspapers, legends, something. Can't blame a guy for wanting to know what name to Google. Then maybe I wouldn't have to ask so many questions.\" Mary sighs. She can't blame him, no. But she's lived enough history, particularly before cameras were invented, to know how badly it gets distorted by the tellers. \"Oh, trust me, you'll have even more questions after you look us up. Actually, I'm surprised you didn't ask a lot sooner.\" \"Yeah, and why's that?\" \"The eagle,\" she replies. John's worn the image of a bird of prey their entire lives, even after he'd forgotten every other connection to his past identity. \"You draw it on napkins, on walls, on pictures; I figured eventually you'd want to know why.\" \"It relates to his past somehow?\" Ray perks up, raising his eyebrows. She nods. He'd done better than he knew when he'd worked the symbol into Hancock's uniform; it was probably the only reason John had actually agreed to wear it, from subconscious association. \"Don't overreact on me – but how much do you know about Egyptian mythology?\" It doesn't take Ray long to connect the dots. His jaw drops almost instantly. \"You're shitting me.\" Mary's not surprised; he's an excellent publicist, for all his tilting at windmills had made him a little unpopular in the industry before Hancock came along. And Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, written in vivid color on the walls of public buildings, are among the earliest examples of publicity available for study. \"Who's shitting what now?\" John asks irritably in the silence that follows. \"I can't actually see y'all, you know. Not all the way from New York; the earth curves too much. You got to fill me in, here.\" \"It's not an eagle, actually – it's a falcon . Same order, different family,\" Ray fills him in, still wide-eyed with wonder. \"The original falcon god, I think, was called Nekheny , but he became part of Horus: the sky god, war god, god of justice, and one of the few Egyptian deities to survive the syncretic transition into Christianity, as St. Horace. Which would make Mary...\" She cuts him off before he can finish the reference, showing teeth in her smile. \"You can stop right there. The first person who mentions cows? Is sincerely going to regret it.\" His face twists, but he manages to hold in the laugh as he finishes. \"The goddess of ... well we won't mention that, then; and of joy, feminine love, and motherhood.\" \"...Horus,\" John repeats, in a kind of stunned, disbelieving tone. \"Seriously?\" \"Seriously,\" Mary replies, gently. She knows it's kind of a lot to take in; that's why she hadn't brought it all up before. There's knowing you've been around longer than democracy, and then there's knowing it. \"Wow,\" he half-laughs. Then he takes a sharp breath, suddenly, and asks something else she'd been hoping he'd leave for later. \"Wait, wait. Motherhood ? I thought you said we were made in pairs. I guess I didn't figure that meant we could have kids...?\" There's another question waiting nakedly behind that one, and Mary winces as she addresses it, eyes locked with Ray's. He'd asked her, once, about having more kids to keep Aaron company; she'd told him, then, that she was infertile. She hadn't been lying. But she doesn't blame him for wondering. \"Not ... exactly,\" she says. \"They made us to function in pairs – and no, I don't know who 'they' is – but they didn't make us all at once. There were a couple of generations before yours ... have you ever heard the story of Isis and Osiris...?\" John shudders audibly. \"Yeah, that one I do know. He's the dude who got cut up by his brother, and when his wife put him back together, his love handle was missing. But she did the deed with him anyway, somehow. I'm guessing it's not just a story, then?\" \"No, not just a story,\" she says, watching Ray's expression twist. He'd relaxed as she began her explanation ... but she's yet to meet the man who doesn't flinch when a particular kind of injury gets mentioned. \"You know we get vulnerable when we're around our opposites for long. Set took ruthless advantage of that. We heal pretty well, but some things just don't regenerate.\" The two men shudder again, Hancock making a pained sort of 'augh' sound. \"That's nasty. And we came after that?\" \"You did,\" Mary shrugs, and leaves that topic there. She's not going to talk about Ra today. Or the other children she raised. \"And there were a few more generations after you, too. Until whoever was responsible decided they'd filled out enough pairs. You took in four; they're remembered today mostly as mummification gods.\" \"Did ... um.\" John pauses, and Mary thinks again about his drawings. Two figures, one smaller and one larger, appear frequently; they could be Mary and John, but they could also be the falcon-god and his falcon-headed son. He's always so gentle with Aaron; he always was a good father. \"The bird thing. Did one of them...\" \"Yes,\" Mary confirms. \"Qebehsenuef. He – he was the first of our children to settle down long enough to find out what happens to matched pairs.\" John goes silent on the other end; she can imagine the look on his face. But Ray speaks for him, as he so often does now. \"I'm so sorry for your losses,\" he says. \"I'm ashamed that I never thought to ask about that, either.\" \"It was a long time ago,\" she says, shaking her head, and shifts around the couch until she's curled up against his side. \"I try not to think too hard about it. When I do – when I really think about the scale of the lives we've lived – it's so easy to treat the world like it's ephemeral. Made of cardboard. Not really real.\" He slips an arm over her shoulders, burying his nose in the hair atop her head, and hugs her close. \"Like when you lost it that time and summoned a storm downtown,\" he says. \"Yeah, like that. If I hadn't looked up and seen you standing in that window...\" she shudders. \"I know you've wondered why I kept under cover for so long, why I didn't at least let the world know John wasn't alone. But it wasn't just because we nearly die every time we come near each other, or because I got tired of other people's expectations; I don't even see it as giving up, really. If I don't remind myself sometimes why the world's worth fighting for ... humans are like mayflies to us, and the world is so breakable. Living like one, loving like one, is the best way I know to keep sane.\" Call her crazy. Actually, don't. But Mary's had a lot of years to figure out the pattern – how to keep their destiny from swallowing up everything that makes existence worth the suffering. It would be so easy to give in and finally let them annihilate each other, if she didn't. \"Yeah. I think I'm starting to get that,\" John says, quietly. Then he clears his throat and addresses her husband. \"Speaking of. How's business been doing this month, Ray?\" Ray stiffens a little, probably blushing; but being who he is, he barely pauses before replying. \"Pretty good, actually. Allheart's message still isn't the most popular one out there, but it helps to have the kind of brand awareness even Microsoft could only dream of. Even if I'm still waiting for someone to sue.\" Mary smiles into his shirtfront. \"They're probably waiting for your next trip back East,\" she says. \"Even the head of NASA knows you're John's agent, by now.\" No, she's never met anyone else like Ray. He's capable of humanizing her and keeping her grounded; she should never have doubted that he could do it for Hancock, too. The belief he's had in Hancock from the start, the belief Hancock has in him; she'd been afraid John's presence would wreck her life yet again, but this time, thanks to Ray's acceptance, it's actually more stable than ever. He sighs, theatrically. \"Something to look forward to, I suppose.\" John chuckles in her ear. \"I'll make sure he doesn't spend the whole visit buried in paperwork, I promise.\" \"Just remember to make sure he puts on his helmet before you take him flying again, okay? The bugs in the teeth incident last time wasn't pretty.\" \"Hey, it's not my fault you kissed me before I had a chance to brush them off,\" Ray objects. Mary laughs, tipping her chin up to remind him why she hadn't. \"Hey, I'm still on the line here,\" John splutters, but his voice is still warmly amused as he signs off. \"Okay, okay, I can take a hint; I got patrol duty tonight anyway. Take care, guys, and tell Aaron I said hi, all right?\" \"Night, John,\" Mary replies, and kisses her husband again. She and John may be the insurance policy of the gods ... but fate doesn't decide everything. She's been telling herself that for a long time. But these days, she might actually be starting to believe it. -x- ","Summary":" Title : It's Never Too Late (To Rewrite Your Story) Author : Jedi Buttercup Rating : T Disclaimer :"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"Before","Author":"SylverMoonSlyver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5028710","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't ownnanything. Zip. Zilch. Enjoy. (()) Mary could say that shenhad the heart to take the tickets when she saw him lying in thenhospice bed, when he forgot about her. She could say that she wantednto take them, as she left him, because she wanted to make absolutelyncertain that she was never again on his mind and never cause himnpain. But it would be a lie. If he couldn't remember, then he couldnhave a token of her to haunt him as he would haunt her for all ofneternity. Honestly how could she,nthe supposed stronger one, live with watching scar after scar mar hisndark skin on her behalf? Why could she never just save herself ?nBecause she was weak with him, physically and mentally. The fire innthe air whenever he found her, over and over again in the past,nburned into her memory, leaving the spiritual equivalent of thenwounds he took for her in the moments of mortal weakness when theynwere supposed to find happiness, not heartbreak. Mary rememberednscreaming, screaming his name as police drug her from the ambulance.nAs it drove further and further away the number of men needed to holdnher back increased until she could stand no more. Why did it always havento end exactly as before? When Mary stood gazingninto his unseeing eyes and saw no gleam of recognition on his haggardnface she knew what her choice would be. He always found her before.nBut not this time. She hated him for making her weak, as she lovednhim for the very same reason. She hated the desire to protect builtnso strongly into every fiber of his being that nearly ended his life,nand therefore, inadvertently, hers, more than once. For her. Shenloved him. She hated the overwhelming happiness that overflowed intonagonizing sadness. Every. Single. Time. She'd finally hadnenough. This time it would be different, not like before. The chancenlined perfectly with her frustrations and his amnesia. She would notnregret the decision. For once she would suffer more than him while henlived in forgetfulness. So Mary reached for thentickets on that un-fateful night, meaning to leave him with one. Hisneyes keenly followed her movements and locked, confused andnsleep-ridden, on her trembling fingers. With angry tears—she wasndrowning again—Mary slipped her hand away, turned, and quietly leftnhim behind. She disappeared withnher gilded guilt, bent on enduring alone because she was the strongernone, but, leaving a trace of herself in his hands, it appeared onlynphysically. And it all ended justnas before. While she suffered for a time, unknowingly, along withnhim, he suffered, alone, the most. (()) What can I say? Inlove the movie, and these two. Together. Or separate. Either way. Inlovingly call them HanMar to those who agree that these two shouldntotally have some serious make-up sex. Now where the hell is thatnsequel I've been hearing about...? ","Summary":" I don't ownnanything. Zip. Zilch. Enjoy. (()) Mary could say that shenhad the heart to take the tic"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"27 Prompts","Author":"CurrentlyIncognito","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7577153","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: Prompts found on the internet. Disclaimer: Not mine. 27 Prompts 1) Evidence The movie ticket was proof that eighty years ago, there was someone who cared. One day, that someone might care enough to come find him. 2) I'm here He stared at her from afar, mesmerized by her wavy blond hair and her light laugh, cringing as her husband pressed his lips to her cheek. 3) Funeral There were so very many of them that he no longer found it possible to sit still and do nothing. 4) Puppy love He was sure that was it. Ray was the puppy and she was in love with him. 5) Gloves She wore gloves for winter, spring and fall, hiding the invisible scar that still ran across her finger from where they wrenched her ring away so many years ago. 6) Blackboard The chalk crumbles between his fingers and he punches a hand through the board and past the wall. 7) Muse She might be Ray's muse, but she was his light, his fire, his life. In the end, he knew she was his. 8) Magic They gravitate towards each other, no matter how long it takes and how far it takes them. 9) Clean Their definition of clean never agreed with one other. She cleans compulsively and he leaves things on the floor obsessively... but he likes it best when she cleans him, rather than after him. 10) Secret She watches the news for every new piece of disturbance he did, pretending that she was just curious. 11) Superstition Before every important outdoor event, she would tie a Japanese rain doll on the window and promise her stepson that it wouldn't rain. 12) Fantasy Sometimes when he close his eyes and dream, he sees a beautiful woman who knows his name and loves him. 13) Test Everything was a test. Everything. She glared at the church building before going in to pray for his safety. 14) Tease Sometimes she would follow him for hours, hiding in shadows until he caught her in his arms and kissed her senseless. 15) Storm He loved storms, though he couldn't understand why at first. He loved the sound of thunder and the splatter of rain. He didn't understand the way he kept looking in the skies, as if expecting person to come back to him until they found each other. 16) Strawberries He was ever so close to those lips, those strawberry-coloured lips that smelled like fruits and heaven. 17) Weapon They loathed weapons, being victims of them their entire lives. 18) Beach He rolled her under him, feeling the sand in his hands and her laugh in his ears. 19) Lost Even when they were together, she would get lost, wandering around villages for hours before he found her and swore to tie her to a chair somewhere. 20) Cry When she first saw him on the square box television, she laughed until tears streamed down her face. Then she just cried. 21) Aloof 'I don't care,' he said to himself, the thought of her with Ray does NOT make him sick . 22) Blood There was so much blood that she just ran. She ran as hard as she could for as long as she could and as far as she could. 23) Tower He wasn't cruel on purpose. The heart on the moon was not a tower that would be a constant reminder of him to Ray's wife. 24) Block Sometimes she wished there was something to block the pain. Something to make it so that it wouldn't hurt as much that he knew nothing, nothing about her. Then, she met Ray. 25) Taxi She ran into him in a taxi, literally. When she ran out and asked if he was okay by another name, he glared and called her crazy. 26) Search It was a little game they played. She would run and hide and he would look for her to the ends of the earth until they were torn apart again. She wanted him to live. He wanted to be with her. 27) Worry When Ray suggested he go to jail, he caught the horrified look on her face and said yes to make her worry. She cares. He cherished that worry. Note: 27 Prompts. . . 31 days to Christmas. =P Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Don't forget to review! ","Summary":" Note: Prompts found on the internet. Disclaimer: Not mine. 27 Prompts 1) Evidence The movie ticket "},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"If That Night Had Gone Differently","Author":"Dlvvanzor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5021627","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do notnown Hancock or Of Mice and Men. A/N: This is not reallynslash because what you do when you're drunk doesn't really count, andnbecause it doesn't go far at all. And no, I don't believe that thenmovie supported this pairing, I was just watching this movie with mynfriends, and since we're all obsessed with slash/yaoi/etc, this camento mind. Again, it's not really slash, and I'm not shipping thisnpairing. \"Why does yournwife hate me?\" I asked Ray as I scooped him up. He was drunk,nand I carried him into his house. Mary was fixing something aboutnthe car. He was slung over my shoulder. I felt on my arm that henhad a crazy hard-on. That was awkward, but someone had to get thenman up the stairs. He mumbled somethingnincoherent and I tossed him onto his bed. He lay there, sprawlednout, and he looked so pathetic and helpless. He was making littlensounds of happiness. \"Okay, man, I'mngonna get your shoes off.\" He raised a fingerndrunkenly. \"But that's all you're getting off.\" That made me chuckleninwardly. I could have left then. I should have left then. nI almost did, but something made me stay. I plopped down next tonhim, sitting. He propped himself up. \"What's wrong?\" henslurred. Happy drunk. I hadn't had anything to drink, but it wasnlate. Just at that time where you're over-tired and you'll do almostnanything. So I told him. \"I'm... alone,\"nI said simply. I didn't need to go spilling everything, even if Inwas about to pass out. He hefted himself upnall the way and put an arm around me. \"You're notnalone,\" he said, \"You have me. AND I HAVE YOU! Ha ha,nit's like Of Mice and Men with the strong guy and the little smartnguy.\" He hiccupped. I rolled my eyes. ButnI couldn't make myself leave his warm kindness. \"I know I'vennever said it, but I love you, man.\" My whole body froze. nI hadn't heard that before. To me, that is. Ever. I was glad I wasntoo shocked to cry. \"Come 'mere,\"nhe said. I turned to look atnhim, and he leaned forward and his lips met mine. The only way Incould avoid throwing him across the room was to not move at all. Andnas he deepened the kiss a bit I found I didn't want to. Yes he was a... man. nBleh. It was a little strange. But this much human contact, tendernaffection, was irresistible. I had never... I couldn't remembernfeeling loved. 80 years, alone. It does things to your mind. Likenmakes a straight man enjoy being kissed by another drunk straight mannwith a hot wife downstairs. So yes, I kissed himnback. And when he didn't pull away, I pushed him over gently andnbalanced over him, still kissing him. He sighed happily andnfell asleep. I slowly lay down nextnto him, on my back, careful not to disturb him. Not that anythingnshort of an air horn would be able to wake him. He rolled over innhis sleep and his arm came across me. The muscles in my face did anstruggling twitch thing as they rejected the tears that pricked myneyes. Man. How pathetic wasnI? Crying, almost, because a happy drunk guy had shown some kindnessnto me? \"'Night John,\"nhe said. With just those twonwords, all my shame, fear, and reserve snapped before I could stopnthem. I finally cried, although I was still able to force it to bensilent. Even if I had wanted to, I don't think I could have moved. He was warm. Alive. nKind. I allowed myself tonfall asleep in his arms. A few minutes later,nMary walked into the room to find her husbands cuddling with eachnother on her bed. \"Okay then.\" She turned on her heels. nShe did NOT want to know. When I woke up, Raynwas not in the bed. I remembered the kiss. Time to go see if henremembered it, too. I went downstairs. He smiled at me,nholding a cup of coffee. \"Hey. I was really drunk last night,nhuh?\" \"Uh... yeah. nUm...\" \"Yes, Inremember.\" \"Oh... right. nSorry about that.\" \"No, I was thendrunk one and I started it. Thanks for not throwing me across thenroom. And for not taking advantage of me.\" \"Why would I donthat?\" He just smiled. \"I'dnappreciate it if we didn't tell Mary.\" \"Yeah. Nonproblem. Um... I'm just gonna... go... \"Alright. Seenyou later.\" \"Yeah...\" Inshook my head and took off once I had used the door (which is goodnPR). I thought furiously asnI flew. I could still feel his warmth, still feel a lightness that Inhadn't had before. But to him it was a random drunken slash moment. nIt wasn't that I was upset because it hadn't meant anything to him. nI was just trying to figure out why it didn't when it meant sonmuch to me. But I knew the answer,nas much as I was embarrassed to admit it. He had a family. Friends.n A wife. A job. A purpose. I had no family, nonwife, no job. But I had a purpose. And now I knew I had anfriend. End. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do notnown Hancock or Of Mice and Men. A/N: This is not reallynslash because what you"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"For You","Author":"SerpentsAttire","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4367160","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Hancock or anything connected with Hancock. That right belongs to Peter Berg, Vincent Ngo, Vince Gilligan, and Blue Light. I just took them for this :D Warnings: SPOILERS for the movie Hancock. Slash (m/m), and language. For You When he would later think about it, Ray's mind would never be able to offer him a vaild excuse as for why he did it. Alcohol seemed like a good excuse, of course. And then there was the usual human drive, and the pity he felt, and the need to simply have some form of contact -- any form of contact -- with such an extraordinary being. But in truth, he knew the truth, that when he had cornered John Hancock against the shadowed wall of the celebrity gathering, it had not been for any of the excuses he had gathered in his mind. John's story had killed him, straight and simple. Sure, he found the would-be superhero attractive -- anyone who didn't had obviously not gone through puberty -- but that had not been enough to drive his hands forward to touch with John's. No. It had been the blankness in the deep mocha eyes as the man spoke -- the despair that formed in the wrinkles of the pained scowl of his recollections, the lost tone of his voice. To the world, Hancock was nothing more than an ambitionless drunk who, after a well-served stay in prison, had turned over a new leaf and realized his place was to protect them. Ray was ashamed to admit that he had been one of them just a few hours ago. But now, as he stood before the restrained figure of a man he was quickly coming to respect as more than just a super-being, he realized how wrong he was. As John pinned him with a look of faux bad-ass and hidden starvation, his own heart, blackened with his sin, crumbled to ash with the next beat. \"What are we doing to you?\" He whispered, unsurprised when the taller man jerked back, as though just realizing how close they had gotten. He held up his hand in a movement of peace, speaking to him slowly as he had to Aaron so many times when his son was timid and scared. \"You've been through hell, and here we are treating you as though you deserve it.\" \"It's nothing,\" John quickly muttered, jerking his head away and glancing toward the table they had left behind. \"Go back to Mary, Ray. I'll be there in a few. I just ... I just need a minute, okay? He looked down, shifting his feet in a nervous way. \"Damn, wish I had some whiskey ...\" \"I'm sorry.\" And this time, he was surprised, because they were not the words that he had meant to say, and John had the same reaction, looking up with narrowed eyes of suspicion that had long since been painfully taught. He rushed to take the apology back, to offer some manly, off-wall and pointless joke that the older man was used to, but his mouth continued on the same track. \"What I've done to you. You trusted me help you set up a better life, one where people wouldn't scorn you and eventually accept you for who you were -- but I've done just the opposite, haven't I?\" The narrowness softened to the natural round, and still the gazes held in a steadfast grip. Ray could see it coming back -- the confusion that had been in John's eyes when he spoke of awakening alone in the hospital, the hurt of no one wanting him. And it was reflex, sure, that drove his hand upward, but it was entirely him who chose its destination -- laid calmly upon the superbeing's jawline, fingers curling into the neck to stop the man's natural flinch backwards. \"I've changed you,\" Ray whispered. \"I ... I feel like I've broken you -- tamed you in the wrong way. You were so proud, so independent. And though it may have taken a near century, you were finding yourself again. And I took that away. Put you on an entirely different path -- I'm no better than the bastards that left you.\" It could have been the alcohol -- it should have been the alcohol. But as the last words left Ray's mouth, he saw John's mouth tighten, felt his neck stiffen, saw the defensive grief on every line and it was all him, and not the damn wine, that had their lips pressed together the next second. It wasn't a kiss of wanton, lustful passion -- nor of pity, of fear, or of help. It was fervent in the sense that Ray was desperate to get his message firmly across, wanted John to see it. And as he dragged his tongue across the chapped lip with slight hesitation, finding equally reluctant access, he pulled away, forcing his eyes into the same narrowedness that John had previously used. \"You are not, and I am almost a hundred percent sure have never been , so much of a bastard that no one wanted you.\" He paused momentarily, swallowed, and then admitted lowly with a shy but stern gaze. \" I want you.\" And it may have not come out right, especially not in the way a man with a wife and son might say it, but it didn't feel wrong. Especially not he felt himself being slammed against the wall with just enough strength to leave him breathless, and John's lips back on his. This time, the kiss was as brutal as one would have expected from one such as John Hancock. It was a feirce, outraged, grevious answering cry to his own, and Ray was tsure that, in the tangle of tongues and grinding of hips, John was responding to him in the only way he knew how. And just as quickly as before, it ended, John pulling away so fast an untrained eye may have thought him burned by disgust. But Ray, managing to pull himself away from the wall after more than a few unsuccessful attempts, could see the same suspicious light in the superhero's deep eyes. \"Go back to Mary, Ray,\" he repeated, voice softer than before -- lighter, somewhat, like it was with Aaron. \"And don't get too drunk on that wine. Sucks like a bitch, trust me. Been there.\" An attempt at humor. Ray smiled in spite of himself, managing to keep the selfish wobble from his legs as he manuvered to do John's bidding. But just as he walked by him, he drew to a stop, clapping the taller man tightly on the shoulder. \"I heard you, Hancock.\" Using the last name for public's sake -- he could see curious eyes now aimed toward them as they neared the light. \"Heard you.\" The wine, the damnable need -- no. Not even the guilt, heavy and necessary though that was. As he neard his wife, he could only grin at the questionable, oddly knowing gaze in her eyes, careless for the first time. It was John Hancock, through and through. Maybe he would get drunk. Complete Just a drabble. Inspiring movie, I guess. (wink). More mature sequel to be posted on my AdultFanFiction account, if you're interested. If not, whatever. But click the review button and let me know what you think, k? Always, Me (Special note: Anyone know why the Doc isn't letting me center anything?! TT.TT) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Hancock or anything connected with Hancock. That right belongs to Peter Be"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"A Bedtime Story","Author":"Silvertongued Mischief","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4763228","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"C'mon Mom I want a bedtime story!\" Erin cried to his stepmother. Angel smiled and shook her head in defeat and sat next to the boy on his bed, \"Alright alright, what do you want to hear?\" she asked. \"Tell me a story about the immortal people,\" he said excitedly. She nodded and began her tale, \"Well at the beginning of time God made Adam and Eve, they were the first of us. Though they weren't really apart physically, they were emotionally and mentally. They were special. God had made it this way so that they would stay in his Garden forever together but not quite. One day a snake came along, he was the first of 'them' to ruin what we are. He went to Eve, innocent and unknowing Eve and took her to the Tree of Knowledge. She knew the fruit was forbidden by her Creator, but the curiosity she had was overwhelming. So she took that fateful bite. In a rush the knowledge came to her. Everything she wasn't supposed to know. About her Creator, about herself and Adam, and what they were. In haste she went to Adam and made him taste the fruit. After he changed he looked at her and understood. When God came to them to see them in the bushes He asked them why they were hiding. And quite honestly they replied that they wore no clothing. God knew they had eaten the fruit and was dismayed. As you might have heard God made Adam and Eve mortal beings. In a way He did. When they are close to the other in all ways they would turn mortal, grow old and die. But if they stayed away from each other they would live forever with abilities far beyond mortal comprehension. You see, God was mad at them for betraying Him and His heart. But He was mostly mad at Himself for His folly. Because He could not turn back He cast Adam and Eve out so they could live imperfect lives however they chose in the world He created. After a few years separation from the other they came back together so they could love and live long and happy lives. They worked for their food and lodging in life. They had children. And eventually they grew old and died while their descendants carried on the immortality and its curse to later generations,\" Angel sighed sadly as she look upon Erin's face, \"And now me and Hancock are the last of our kind and will be for a very long time.\" Erin smiled and understood her pain with a child's mind. He bade her good night and kissed her on the cheek. Angel kissed his forehead as he went to sleep and stood. She turned around to see her husband leaning against the door way with a thoughtful expression on his face. \"That is definitely a new spin on the story,\" he chuckled. She smiled warmly and gave him a kiss, \"It's the truth, dear, just like what I told you about Rasputin.\" He laughed quietly and led her to their bedroom to turn in for the night, still puzzled at the way the world was and the manner of beings in it and beyond it. ","Summary":" \"C'mon Mom I want a bedtime story!\" Erin cried to his stepmother. Angel smiled and shook her head"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"Together, the Moon and the Sun","Author":"Anaya of Wolves","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6808541","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well…I have an interest in Greek Myths…and I though Hancock was a really good movie. What do I do? Yep, combine the two. Yeah…this is also my first Hancock fanfic. This is going to be interesting… Also, this is abstract-ish… Disclaimer: I don't own Hancock…or Greek Myths… You know what I have found out? Maybe…not exactly…but truly close enough…. We are like Artemis and Apollo. The Sun and the Moon. Born together, bound together, meant to be together, yet…we are torn apart from each other. Not even having a say in the matter, just our quiet and pitiful argues with the invisible force that is all around us and guides us and our love. But…you know, our love is special, just like us. Our love is eternal, like the bright and glowing heavenly bodies above that helps and guides this planet we live on. And yet…we can never fully be together. Many 'eclipses' has happened in our past. Times when we were brought together by our love and destiny. Only, those times never lasted long. We were always torn apart from each other. Fate is a very fickle thing. And the Moon always fades away at one point. But…that cannot be helped…can it? The Moon must fulfill its duties by disappearing and reappearing while it performs its heavenly duties. My Artemis is always leaving me, vowing of no love. Why…why…why… Fate, you are so cruel. Could you not leave us alone? Could you spare me the pain of my Artemis leaving…or when I leave my Artemis? Can you please stop…because my tears do not. I cry those tears everyday for my Artemis…who leaves me to mortals. My Artemis always leaves me…and sometimes, I have to leave my Moon for safety for both of us. But…I know that is what fate does to us. Gives us our eclipse…then tears us apart. But…those brief moments, we both hold dear. But unfortunately, there is always something there to tear us apart from each other. They tear us apart. Fate has sent them to take us apart. And they succeed everytime. But no matter what happens, what has happened, and what will happen…we will remain together. It is who we are, who we were destined to be. We are destined to love each other and to be together forever. A very painful forever, but forever none the less. Oh my Artemis, woe is me. I love thee, but… My Moon…I am still you're Sun. Fate gave us a painful life, but I love you without no doubts or love. No mortal has compared to you. Never my heart has stray, only giving me the protection to continue on to finally, in the end, be with you. Time has pass, and it can pass for all I care, but you will forever be with me. Artemis…My Moon…I'm still your Sun…forever. I love you….John. So, that plot bunny wanted to have its shine. Ugg…I hate random plot bunny. REVIEW! PEACE OUT GIRL SCOUT! ","Summary":" Well…I have an interest in Greek Myths…and I though Hancock was a really good movie. What do I do? "},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"Different","Author":"s-jb123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6194581","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Different : Hancock sat outside of his trailer. So sad. So alone. What was he thinking. How could he possibly ever become a true citizen of the town he liked to call home. People described him not as a hero, not as a friend, not as a person, but as different. Different. He hated that word. He shook his head in disgrace of himself. There is no way it will ever happen, no way it's even close to happening he thought to himself. All I am able to do, is sit here. It is all I really deserve to do. After what I had done. What ever it was, it must have been bad, I don't remember a single thing, but I know it was bad. It's in my nature to do that. In my nature to be… different. Hancock sat there in silence. He squinted up at the hot, blazing sun that shone down upon him. He rubbed his eyes, and thought to himself, What am I even doing here. ","Summary":" Different : Hancock sat outside of his trailer. So sad. So alone. What was he thinking. How could h"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"if I ran far enough away","Author":"thecivilunrest","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6155284","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Hancock. I don't know who does, exactly, but I don't. A/N: God I love this movie. It makes me cry every single time. It's amazing. So yeah, this is just a little back story to Mary and our beloved Hancock. It doesn't have much of a plot, but I think that it's alright. Feedback is very much appreciated. if I ran far enough away The first time that she left him she thought that this had to be the hardest thing that she had ever done. But at the same time it was the easiest, because she knew that things were just going to go back to normal for him. He would heal and he would get his powers back. He would get his powers back and would be back to saving people all over again. What she hadn't expected was for him to come back. But he did. Over and over and over again. Each time he did she rejoiced and thought that this would probably be the time that they could be together, the time when they could grow old and live a regular human life. But his chivalry got the best of him, always. And people grew to love him and to hate him, and they all knew that the one thing that he cared about the most was her. So they hurt her to get to him. And it worked. Every. Single. Time. So she ran. She ran so that she wouldn't get hurt anymore, she ran so she could live forever, she ran because it would be better if she was alive too. Or at least that's what she told herself. But the real reason that she ran was so that he could be safe, so that he would save people. They were all created for a purpose, all were created to do something or to mean something. Her sister's, Mae, was to make people believe in the things unseen. Mae's husband's, Alexander, was to help people hope. They finished their duty early, as most of their kind did, and so felt like they could finally be happy and together. But Mary had no purpose, or so it seemed, other than running. But his, his was saving people. He always saved people and she knew that he always would, simply because the human race would always need saving. This was the cruelty of their love. If they were together he could not ever find peace in his purpose. And so the gods punished him by letting Mary get hurt and letting them be torn apart yet again. Mary was sure this was how life would go on forever, her running him following, the two of them getting ripped apart because no matter how much they wanted to be together they could not. Sometimes she found human men to love, but it was never the same. Because they weren't him. They would never be him. She knew that occasionally he had human women, but he didn't love them because he refused to let her go. No matter how far she ran he would always find her. So eventually Mary gave in. She had no other choice and besides, she loved him. He was everything to her. They were literally meant to be together, fated from the very first time they had ever seen each other. And then they went to Miami. And they would never be the same again. oOo \"Who are you?\" When he asked her that it felt as if he had sent a thousand knives straight into her heart. He hadn't meant to of course, and he wasn't just kidding around. It was the amnesia, the doctors said. But she would have thought that the two of them were stronger than that. She would have thought that the love that they shared would have survived a mere injury. But she had been wrong. Perhaps what they had wasn't as strong as she thought it was. After all it never lasted very long. So she left. She vowed that she would never see him again. She never wanted to be the reason that he was hurt ever again. He would never know. He would never remember her, all of the memories that they shared over three thousand years. You can't miss what you never had, after all, and he would never know what he had once had. He wouldn't miss her the same way that she would miss him. Once again she found herself alone in the world, but this time she knew that he wouldn't come to save her. oOo For decades she never heard of him. She did not know what had happened to the man that she once loved, other than the fact that his name was John Hancock know, and that he had moved from Miami. She wasn't sure where, though, nor did she care to find out. If she did find out she knew that she would not be able to resist going to him one more time. She would not be able to resist the temptation of finding him and making him remember. But she swore that she would not let him be hurt because of her. So she found the love of human men again. Occasionally she would love them back but their love would be overshadowed by something greater than their life itself. And eventually she always had to leave them. They would ask questions if she never aged. Life might have gone on like that for years, if she had not ended up marrying Ray. If she had not gone to California. If she had just stayed in Idaho. If she had just left the country. If she had just let herself be alone forever. But when she saw his face on the news she knew that once again she had been found. She hated him for it. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Hancock. I don't know who does, exactly, but I don't. A/N: God I love this "},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Attack The Block","Author":"CheerleadingGymnasticsGrrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7761254","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Attack The Block. Pest/OC Summary: Wylie's part of the gang that found the first alien that landed on the block… This is her story. Chapter One: The Attack. I adjusted my scarf over my face as I stood in the freezing London air. My mates Jerome and Dennis were on either side of me, providing a slight amount of warmth, but not much to make a difference. \"Can we just get this over wiv?\" I grumbled. I was bloody exhausted and cold and really just wanted to go home. We were at our wall, waiting for our next mugging victim. \"Calm down, if we pick right, it won't take long.\" Dennis assured, I rolled my eyes and shoved the black beanie father down onto my head and pulled my black hood up over it and crossed my arms over my chest, leaning against the tree. \"Look, here one comes now.\" Moses said, pointing at a woman walking our way. We all perked up at this and as she got closer, Dennis nudged me. \"Take the bike, ride wiv Pest.\" He said, but there really wasn't any need for him to say it, we had done it so many times before, I took the bike from him and hopped on and rode off into the street with Pest following, both of us snickering, we crisscrossed in front of her and continued on behind her, she whipped around to look at us, and the other 4 had gone to block her path. \"Fuck,\" She muttered. I laughed slightly. She looked back at us once more, and then when she turned around, she came face to face with Moses. \"Give me the phone! Give me the phone!\" He demanded, she fumbled around in her bag before pulling out her phone and handing it to him. \"Give me the purse! And the money! Give it to me!\" He demanded yet again, she fumbled once more, and he got irritated. \"No fucking around!\" He growled, yanking it off of her and then tossing back to Biggs. \"Thank you.\" He singsong-ed, grabbing it with ease and going through. \"Look-\" She began to say, but he cut her off. \"Give me the ring!\" He said, \"It's not worth anything.\" She tried to protest, but he pulled out his switch blade. Now this was all for show. I knew Moses, he could never seriously injure someone over flipping jewelry… It was more the shock effect of the victim. She fumbled with the ring, and Moses got pissed and shoved her down. \"What about the Feds?\" Biggs asked as we all closed in on her. \"Fuck the Feds man!\" Moses spat. She got it off her hand and held it up. \"Take it!\" She exclaimed, Pest grinned and snatched it from her. Then I noticed something. A white ball of light, heading straight for us. \"Guys!\" I shouted, pointing, they all looked up and we all scattered just as it crashed into the car we were next to. As I ran, Pest ran into me, and knocked me flat. My head bonked the sidewalk and I knew there was going to be a bruise, \"Wys, you okay?\" Pest asked. He was still on top of me, so I adjusted my self to sit up, pulling my scarf over my mouth and nose. \"I'm fine… But… The chicks gone!\" I said, noticing her running figure down the street. His head snapped and he jumped up off of me. \"She's ghosting man!\" He exclaimed at Moses. \"She'll go to the Feds for sure.\" I muttered, but I doubt I was heard through all of their protesting. \"Allow it!\" Moses demanded, and they all shut up and turned to focus on the car. \"Someone's bombing us, blood!\" Jerome exclaimed. \"Nah, it was just a firework!\" Dennis said. \"Well that's some big firework bruv.\" I snapped sarcastically. He just glared and shoved me roughly, knocking me into Pest. \"Nice whip…\" Moses said, he started walking towards the car. \"Could be some bare valuables in there.\" He continued, he checked the door to find it was locked, so he leaned in through the busted window. After a minute, he jerked back, causing all of us to as well. \"Shit, there's something in there!\" He yelled, just as he said this, a thing jumped out and attacked him. It slashed at his face until he got out his knife and stabbed it. It let out a pained shriek, before it ran off, and up the hill. \"What the fuck was that thing?\" Pest yelled as we all rushed to help Moses up, but he shrugged us off. \"It looked like some orangutan type thing bruv, I'm not even lying!\" Jerome exclaimed. \"Its breezing mate! It looked like some Dobby the house elf thing man!\" I said. \"Moses got shanked by a Dobby.\" Dennis mused, we all laughed slightly, but Moses was clearly not amused. \"I'm chasing that down. I'm gonna kill it.\" He said. He wiped off his cheek. \"Watch.\" He nodded, then took off. The rest of us quickly followed in suit. Jerome and Biggs on the bikes, Dennis, Pest, and I on foot. \"It's payback time, fam!\" Pest yelled. \"It's gone for an adventure!\" Biggs yelled. \"Time for round two, bruv!\" I shouted. \"Playtime, bruv!\" Jerome shouted. We had followed the thing into a shed and we all stopped just outside of it. \"You got beef, Moses?\" I asked, \"I'm gonna fuck this thing up!\" He exclaimed angrily. He turned to Pest. \"Oi, Pest, you still got them bangers?\" He asked, Pest smiled with pride. He always had bangers with him. \"Yeah.\" He nodded and got out the explosive. I grabbed out my lighter and flicked it open, lighting the banger and Pest ran and tossed it in. We all watched as smoke billowed from the shack, accompanied by loud shrieking. After it died down a bit, Moses turned to us. \"It's mine!\" He said, adjusting his bat and running in. \"Hey! BACK ME! BACK ME\" He shouted, Jerome, Dennis and Biggs wasted no time running after him, but as I went to run in, Pest stopped me. \"You know the agreement!\" Then followed the others. I heard screeching, yelling, and banging, and then nothing at all. \"Guys?\" I asked cautiously, walking slowly towards the shed. I heard them all talking about it, and sighed with relief. They were fine. All of a sudden, someone ran into me, knocking me onto my ass, him on top of me. I looked to see my dear friend. Gee… This is happening way to damn often. \"Ouch! Pest! Come on man!\" I groaned, sitting up the best I could. \"Sorry love,\" He replied, he looked down at me and smiled impishly. \"I quite like this position, you know?\" He asked. I scoffed. \"All right, get off you perv.\" I said, shoving him roughly, he laughed and rolled off and we hopped up. I looked to see Moses holding the thing on a stick. \"It fell from the sky.\" Dennis exclaimed. \"It looks like a monkey!\" Jerome exclaimed. \"Monkey's aren't bald, man!\" Biggs protested. \" That fell from the sky bruv! Are you tryna bloody tell me it's raining monkeys?\" I exclaimed. \"I don't even know what that is.\" Moses said, \"I ain't even gonna say.\" Dennis exclaimed. \"You know what that is!\" Pest asked, we all looked at him. He and Dennis had their phones out and were recording the thing. \"I'll tell you what that is! An alien bruv! From outer space! Believe it! Coming to take over the Earth, innit? Well it landed in the wrong place, you get me? The wrong place!\" Pest exclaimed proudly, \"Welcome to London motherfucker!\" Dennis spat at it, I took a closer look at it. \"Welcome to the ends, brother!\" Biggs exclaimed. \"This is the block! Nobody fucks with the block, get me?\" Pest asked, getting in the things face. \"Yeah, the B-L-O-C-K!\" Jerome exclaimed. We all laughed and started chanting. \"The block!\" Over and over while cheering as Moses held it up over his head. After a minute, we all calmed down. \"Well what the hell are we gonna do wiv it? Hang it up on our wall?\" I asked, looking up at Moses. \"We'll take it back to the block, let's go.\" He said. Pest held the thing and dragged it behind him as I grabbed my bike and we all headed for home. The boys were all talking about what it could be, when Biggs asked: \"Hey Moses, where are we going to take that thing man?\" But Pest answered instead. \"Take it Ron's man! He watches that National Geographic shit.\" I nodded in agreement. \"All the man ever does is blaze, water them big buds, and watch the nature channel, he'll identify that thing for real.\" I said. \"Let me bell him up.\" Pest said, pulling out his phone. I noticed Jerome and Biggs were also on the phone. \"It was the beast of Brixton! We were crazy kicking that!\" Jerome was saying. \"No Mum! We're playing football!\" Biggs exclaimed, then Dennis was going through the woman's wallet. \"Ah man, she's a nurse! They don't get paid nothing, fam!\" He groaned. \"Hey, Moses, why you always picking the poor people, man?\" He asked. We all laughed. \"What? We shady, fam, we shady!\" Moses exclaimed. It was long after that we came to the block, which was still crawling with people. We came across Tia and her crew, girls I wasn't too fond of. Tia I was okay wiv, I didn't like the others too much though. \"Moses, what happened to your face?\" Tia asked. She had always had a thing for Moses, and he liked her back, but the two would never admit it. \"Battled an alien that fell from the sky! Truth!\" Pest exclaimed, holding the thing up. The girls let out a disgusted groan. \"You're funny!\" One exclaimed. \"Yuck! What is it?\" Dimples exclaimed. \"I'm sorry, I can't even look at that!\" Another said. \"Halloween was last week, ya know?\" Tia asked. \"That ain't real, it's a creation!\" Dimples exclaimed. \"Touch if it ain't real then!\" Pest countered, shoving it towards her. \"Shove that thing in my face and them fangs are going in your tits!\" She snapped back. Pest laughed. \"It's probably diseased.\" One said. \"Yeah, I don't want no Chlamydia.\" Dimples exclaimed. The girls all laughed. \"You mean you don't already have it?\" I asked, in fake shock. The boys all laughed and she glared. \"Fuck you.\" She spat. \"No thanks, I don't roll that way.\" I replied with a shrug. \"So, you're telling me that thing fell from the sky?\" Tia asked. \"Yeah.\" Moses replied. \"And did that to your face?\" She asked again. He looked at us for a brief second. \"Yeah.\" He said. \"So you killed it?\" She asked again. He looked at us again. \"Yeah.\" He nodded. Tia looked at all of us once. \"You're such a bad breed, Moses.\" She said. The two locked eyes for a few seconds then Pest nudged and winked at me. \"Fuck! It's alive!\" He shouted, lunging at the girls, they all screamed and ran, causing all of us to laugh. \"Come on, let's get to Ron's.\" Moses said, we all began walking to our apartment building, as we walked, Biggs said. \"Tia's moving to you Moses!\" \"She's on your balls, coz!\" Pest agreed. We all laughed. \"Hey, that's my cousin your chattin' about!\" Biggs exclaimed, this just caused us to laugh harder. \"Hey, hey, hey! Watch this jump!\" He exclaimed, he jumped onto the side of the railing. \"Get down man!\" Moses exclaimed. \"Trust I could it!\" Biggs protested. \"Humpty Dumpty.\" Dennis singsong-ed. Jerome yanked him down while I said. \"We ain't cleaning your guts off the floor Biggs, come.\" Whilst moving past him and Jerome to catch up with Pest. \"I could have made that!\" He protested. \"Yeah, yeah, sure you could have, man!\" Jerome replied. All right, first attempt at an Attack the Block fanfic. Sorry if it's bad or unoriginal, but give it a chance, and I'm sorry if I got some of the characters lines wrong, but do R&R;, and tell me what you think. Rhey,[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: Pest Control As we walked into our apartment area, I noticed two young kids throwing things into a trash bin that was ablaze. I instantly recognized them as Reginald and Gavin, two youngsters that always wanted to hang around us. I laughed and nudged Moses, pointing to the kids. \"Oi, Gavin! You pyro!\" Moses laughed. \"My name ain't Gavin! I'm Mayhem! And he's Probs!\" The youth exclaimed, pointing to himself and his friend. \"Probs and Mayhem? Seriously?\" I scoffed in laughter. \"Couldn't come up with something better?\" Pest asked. We walked past them, and they followed after us. \"Wow! What is that?\" Reginald asked, noticing the alien Dennis was holding. \"None of your business.\" Biggz laughed. \"Where you going? Let us come with you!\" Gavin exclaimed. \"No!\" I exclaimed. They were too young to be getting involved in all this crap… It isn't always fun, and we aren't always lucky. \"Come on Moses! Let us rolls wiv you! We're bad boys!\" Reginald begged. \"No Reginald! This is big boy business! You're too tiny!\" Jerome exclaimed. \"Yeah, get in touch wiv us when you get your first pube!\" Pest said, we all chuckled. \"Go suck your Mum!\" Reginald spat back. \"Oh, feisty little bugger.\" I chuckled. We continued walking and talking, leaving the two behind to cause whatever trouble they're hearts desired. \"Does this mean we're going to chips in our bodies?\" I asked, we had been discussing the possible outcomes after finding and killing this thing. \"Wild, fam.\" Pest said. \"Not as wild as that .\" Moses pointed to the alien, we all laughed. We dropped our bikes in my garage, seeing as how I had the key, and continued into our building, Pest slinging an arm over my shoulder. When we walked in, I noticed a chap up ahead. He didn't look like no one from the block, so it's our duty to mess with him. We walked up behind him and he about jumped out of his skin. \"I already pressed it….. Take enough time….\" His attempt at acting calm made me chuckle. The elevator ding-ed and we all shouldered past him and into the elevator, Dennis, being the last one, stared at him until he stomped at him and the guy jumped. \"Enough, man.\" I laughed as I looked at the others. Moses nodded. I pressed the button. \"Express elevator to the penthouse suite.\" Pest smiled. The doors closed on the gaping guy, and we rode up to floor 19. Once there, we walked to Ron's place where I pressed the doorbell. I do like pressing buttons. \"YO RON!\" Pest yelled. We got no answer so I pressed it a few more times. \"YO RON!\" I yelled this time. I heard noises from the other side and it opened. \"Ready?\" He asked, we nodded and he opened it all the way and we piled inside. I made a break for the couch, taking off my beanie and braids, shaking my dark brown hair loose, then collapsing onto the couch, laying down. The boys walked over, each taking a seat. \"Move it.\" Pest ordered, I lifted myself up enough to allow him to sit, then settled my head in his lap while Moses moved my feet to sit. Dennis grabbed a joint and lit up. The boys were all chatting and I found myself going in and out of focus from being so damn tired. \"Shut up, man!\" Dennis snapped at Biggz, for what, I wasn't entirely sure. \"Well done, lads.\" Ron spoke, I twisted my head to see him walking out of the bathroom with the chap from downstairs. Hm, where the hell did he come from? \"I'm a girl!\" I reminded. It really got annoying having to do that. \"You've discovered a species, hitherto unknown to science…. Perhaps non-terrestrial in origin…. And you bashed it's fucking head in!\" Ron ignored me and continued his little speech, making us all laugh at the end. Biggz and Pest did a fist pound, Dennis ruffled my hair and I swatted his hand away, laughing slightly, and Moses high-fived Jerome. Ron turned to his mate, whispered something to him, and walked off to the weed room, leaving the chap to us. \"That thing could be worth bare money.\" I stated after a few minutes. They all looked at me. \"You're probably right love.\" Pest smiled. Pest and I had known each other since we were 4, so out of all the guys, I was most comfortable around him, even though he was probably one of the biggest, most annoying potheads on the English continent, I loved him anyhow. It was rare to see either of us, without the other close behind, and being in the gang was no different. \"We're getting rich off that, because we discovered it!\" Dennis exclaimed. \"EBay, fam!\" Pest laughed, \"Alert the media! Exclusive rights to the highest bidder!\" Biggz chuckled. I snatched the joint away from Pest and took a hit, he flicked my nose, glaring slightly, and took it back. \"The Sun , fam! They believe anything.\" I said, looking away from Pest and to the others. \"Nah, not the Sun , they'll just dress it up like one of them Page 3 girls.\" Pest replied. \"Call the Guardian … If it's a proper paper, people will believe it.\" Dennis said. \"But tabloids pay more money, bruv.\" I pointed out. \"We can't go the papers…. The FBI will confiscate it off us.\" Biggz added. \"FBI? This is England, fam! There ain't no FBI!\" I scoffed. \"Yeah, we have like Section 6 or something.\" Dennis agreed. \"We need an expert to identify that thing!\" Jerome said. \"Hey, look in the Yellow Pages, for them scientist people that know about meteor things.\" Biggz said. \"The Yellow Pages? Like what, a for \"aliens\" ?\"Dennis asked, shoving Biggz' shoulder lightly. \"We need a lawyer, or a manager or something.\" Jerome said. \"Hey, bell up Simon Cowell! Aliens Got Talent! \" Pest laughed, we all laughed along with him. \"Jokes, man, jokes!\" Ron's mate laughed from the corner, we all stopped and looked at him. He stood awkwardly before walking over, \"Actually, I did this zoology module at uni… Primatalogy, Mammaology, all that shizzle.\" He said, we all just stared at him. What is he on about now? \"That thing in there, don't belong to no taxon, I've ever studied.\" He said. \"You've met Brewis then… Very reliable customer.\" Ron spoke, causing all of us to look up. \"What's gwanin?\" He asked, moving to fist pound with Dennis. \"Hey, move, blood!\" Dennis exclaimed, getting in his face. We all laughed, Pest put his face close to mine, kissing my cheek and forehead, where I had scars from previous fights, and where the street scraped my cheek earlier. I noticed he became very affectionate when stoned…. He lifted back up and turned towards the other two, I sat up all the way, and noticed Moses grab the alien and then saw him and Ron walk off to the weed room. I got up and walked into the kitchen, extremely hungry and thirsty. After searching and finding nothing to satisfy either of my problems, I walked back out to find the guys watching… The Nature Channel. Big shocker. I plopped back into my spot, Pest sliding an arm onto my shoulder. \"Brewis!\" I heard Ron exclaim. The chap was so absorbed in his show he didn't notice. I rolled my eyes and scooted close enough where I could reach him with my foot. \"Brewis! Hey, mate!\" I exclaimed, nudging him with the toe of my shoe. \"What?\" He asked, turning away from the TV. \"Ron, man.\" I replied, nodding back at the man in question. \"Oh, okay!\" He said, he got up and walked to Ron. \"You alright?\" Ron asked him. \"Yeah, yeah, fine.\" Brewis responded. It was then I noticed Moses walk out, a small smile on his face. \"What's up bruv?\" I asked him. \"What you smiling about?\" Pest asked. \"I bet he got a job!\" Dennis exclaimed. \"Is it?\" Biggz exclaimed. \"I bet he got recruited, innit?\" Jerome exclaimed, Moses' smile just got bigger, we all hopped up from our seats. \"What's that in your pocket?\" I asked, pointing. He had pulled something out, and knelt down. \"I bet Hi-Hatz is gonna step you up!\" Biggz exclaimed. \"What's that?\" We all asked, he stuck whatever it was in his sock, and looked out the window, I did too. \"Yo, check it!\" He said. \"What bruv?\" Pest asked. \"More!\" I exclaimed. \"More what?\" Dennis asked. \"Of them things, man! Look!\" I exclaimed, pointing out the window where meteor looking things were falling out of the sky. We all walked to the window and stared out. \"It's just rockets, innit?\" Dennis asked again. \"Nah, rockets go up before they come down.\" Pest said, I nodded. \"Them things is pure coming down.\" I said. \"They're the same!\" Moses exclaimed. \"Same as what?\" Jerome asked. \"Same as what hit that car, fam.\" He replied. \"Trust!\" Pest exclaimed. \"No! It's more of them little gremlins!\" Biggz exclaimed. \"Hey! It's raining Gollums!\" Dennis laughed. \"Bare creatures!\" Moses exclaimed. Just as he said this, one landed right in the park near the block. \"Look! That one landed in the park, fam! Close!\" I exclaimed, pointing. \"Oh, lovely fireworks.\" Ron said. \"Nah, mate, it's an alien invasion!\" Dennis exclaimed. \"Of course it is!\" Ron laughing lightly. \"Let's go fuck them up!\" I exclaimed. \"I'm killing them! I'm killing them straight!\" Biggz declared excitedly. \"Let's get tooled up, blood!\" Pest called, we all turned and made a dash to the door and out of the apartment. \"Hey, somebody call pest control!\" Pest's lame joke made us all chuckle as we ran for the stairs. Flying down them, Jerome was the first to make it to his floor, then Biggz, then Pest and I. I ran into my apartment and found my uncle on the couch with his current slut, \"What the fuck are you doing?\" He slurred. \"None of your business.\" I snapped, continuing into my room. \"You fucking bitch!\" He yelled, I was aware of the sound of a bottle hitting the wall behind me, but since he was drunk, his aim was off. Ignoring him, I ran into my room and over to my bed, I grabbed out my trusty metal bat from underneath, and the nunchucks I had borrowed from Dennis, I shoved them into my back pocket, and then I yanked off my black sweater, throwing on a tighter hoodie and fixing my hair. After I was finished, I ran out. \"I hope you fucking die!\" My Uncle shouted, another bottle hit the wall as I bolted out the door. I barely got it shut as another one hit the door. I looked up to see Pest standing there, staring at me. \"What do you think your doing? We've got monsters to kill!\" I exclaimed, I grabbed his hand and pulled him to the stairs. We ran to the garages and met up with everyone. \"Pogo!\" I exclaimed, noticing Dennis' dog. \"Dad forced me to bring him.\" Dennis said, I pet the animal on the head, and grabbed for my motorbike. \"Ready to go, fam?\" Pest asked. \"Hell yeah, bruv!\" I smiled. \"Let's go kill some Gollums.\" Dennis agreed. Biggz, Moses, and Jerome nodded. We all got on our bikes and rode out. Tell me what you think! I don't own Attack The Block, I do own my OCs. So, R&R; for cookies! Well... The virtual kind at least... Rhey.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three: Running Like Hell. We rode our bikes down towards the park, the boys whooping and hollering the entire way. Once there, we walked up to it, dragging our bikes along with us. \"The Dobbies came again!\" I exclaimed. I was in the lead with Pest behind me, Moses and Dennis, and Biggz and Jerome bringing up the back. \"Easy, there might be something!\" Pest said, grabbing my shirt near my lower back, I reached back and grabbed his hand, giving it a squeeze and continuing on. \"They set the grass on fire!\" Jerome declared. \"That's messed up!\" Dennis exclaimed. \"We told you, fam!\" I exclaimed. \"A meteor, for real!\" Pest yelled. We finally made it close to the meteor, abandoned our bikes, and walked towards it. I was closest, next to Moses. \"Aye, loads came down, innit?\" Dennis asked, eyeing the thing. \"We gotta take them all out!\" Biggz exclaimed excitedly. \"Gotta catch them all!\" He added, laughing slightly. I rolled my eyes at how nerdy he had sounded right then. \"Calm down Biggz, this ain't Pokemon!\" I exclaimed. I heard Pest chuckle and we knelt by the meteor, I was closest, but Pest grabbed my shoulder. \"Yo, shine the light.\" Moses demanded. Dennis adjusted his little scooter with a basket and pointed it in the direction, on the meteor a picture was embedded, it looked similar to the thing we killed earlier, but bigger. A lot bigger. \"Like a fossil, innit?\" Dennis asked, \"Nah, that's different.\" Jerome said. \"It ain't even the same thing.\" Pest added. \"That's triple the size, blood.\" Biggz agreed. \"I'd like to see who's going to fight that.\" Jerome said, \"Are you, man?\" Pest asked him sarcastically. \"It's huge!\" I hissed, reaching to touch it. Someone yanked me backwards, I looked to see Pest. I smiled slightly up at him. \"Right now, I feel like going home, locking my door, and playing FIFA.\" Biggz said. I got up from the ground and surveyed the rest of the park. There was a loud screech that made me jump back. Then I saw Pogo shoot past me, and down the hill towards the park. \"Pogo! Stay! Stay!\" Dennis shouted. \"Bad doggy! No! Come back!\" I shouted. \"There.\" Moses nodded at the one large mass on top of the jungle gym. \"Where, fam? Where?\" Jerome asked. \"On top of the tower!\" Biggz said. \"Which tower?\" Jerome exclaimed, searching again. \"Ain't you go your contacts in, bruv? Look!\" I exclaimed. He slipped on his glasses and I looked back just in time to the creature jump down and Pogo's yelp caused me to gasp. \"Pogo! No!\" Dennis cried, Pest and I held him back. \"Don't! You'll die too!\" I shouted. He stopped struggling and nodded. We all stared at the park, just waiting. \"What's it doing?\" I asked worriedly, Pest hugged me to him, \"Where's it gone, man?\" Biggz asked in the same tone. \"It's coming!\" Moses exclaimed. The creature stalked up the hill, it's neon blue eyes staring straight at us. \"Aw, I can see it's eyes!\" I said. \"Not sure them things is eyes.\" Moses stated. The monster roared, revealing that it's huge as fuck teeth were the glowing objects. \"Holy fuck!\" Dennis exclaimed. \"I'm gone!\" Pest yelled, breaking for his bike, \"Everybody run, fam!\" I yelled, grabbing my own and starting it up. We raced out of the park, and onto the street. Dennis was leading us, then me, then Pest and Jerome, and Moses and Biggz. Not long after we made it to the street, blue lights started flashing along with sirens. \"BULLY VAN!\" Moses shouted, I pulled my scarf up over my mouth and nose, and cranked up my bike. Dennis, Pest, Jerome and I made it to the bridge above the street, but Moses and Biggz weren't that lucky. They crashed the bike, but Biggz was able to get free while they tackled Moses to the ground. \"Man! Fuck the Five-O!\" Pest shouted, I laughed but yanked him down next to me. \"Stay down, man! Stay down!\" I hissed through my chuckles. \"I'm calm, love.\" He said, kneeling next to me. We all peered over the wall and saw them searching Moses. His eyes flashed to us briefly, but he didn't dared let them linger for fear of giving us away. \"You know, I bet it was that girl from earlier! I knew she was going to go the Feds, man!\" I said, \"Shh!\" Jerome hissed. I sent him a glare and turned my attention to the street. They opened the door of the van, and from where I was, I could see the snitch from earlier. \"They're booking him in the van, bruv.\" Biggz exclaimed. \"Hey, behind the cars, check it!\" Dennis said, pointing off to the side, I looked in time to see one of the beasts walking behind the cars. \"Hey, where is it?\" Jerome asked. \"The roof, fam. Clock that roof.\" Biggz pointed to the opposite end, and I saw another jump from the roof. We all watched as the two beasts stalked up to the bully van, and all of a sudden, they savaged the cops! Completely tore them apart. \"Oh shit!\" I hissed, we all ducked down, then popped up again to see his blood splatter across the window. I cringed. \"Oh, fuck!\" Dennis exclaimed. One beast jumped on the roof of the van and began clawing at it. \"Nah! The Feds got savaged!\" I exclaimed. \"Shit fam, we gotta back Moses!\" Pest exclaimed. \"Sod that. I ain't going anywhere near none of that.\" Jerome replied immediately. \"But Moses!\" I exclaimed \"Think, fam! Think what scared the little one!\" Pest said, yanking his backpack off, we spun around and leaned against the wall \"Bangers ain't gonna do nothing, fam!\" Dennis protested. \"He ain't talking about bangers.\" I muttered. Pest and I shared a know grin as he pulled out one of the bigger fireworks. I pulled out my lighter, and handed it to Dennis, turning to check out the scene on the street. \"Hold it steady!\" I heard Dennis demand. \"I ain't the one with the shakes! You hold it steady!\" Pest snapped. I turned to see them struggling, so I snatched the lighter away and lit the thing. Pest sent it flying, it rolled under the car, and we waited. Within seconds, it went off, and the loud popping filled the air along with the same screeching from earlier and a lot of smoke. \"Yo, cover me fam!\" Dennis yelled, he raced for his bike, and rode off. The rest of us sat and watched. I grabbed a Roman Candle from Pest's bag and lit it up, shooting towards the smokey streets. I did this a few times until the van shot off down the street. \"They jacked it!\" Jerome exclaimed, laughing slightly. I chuckled too. \"Fam, let's go! They said meet them at the garages!\" Biggz yelled, we all hopped up and grabbed our bikes and rode off. We followed the van until we hit the garages, and a loud crash from ahead caused me to stop. \"That's bad! Really bad!\" I yelled. We rounded the corner and saw a black car with it's hood all smashed in and…. OH FUCK! Hi-Hatz…. We parked our bikes, and checked on the guys before meeting up with Hatz in between the wreckage. \"Hi-Hatz, it was an accident, bruv!\" Moses exclaimed instantly. Hi-Hatz just glared at him, not saying a word, which was probably one the scariest things. Pest decided to intervene this time. \"Trust, bruv! There's bare creatures chasing us! Some big, alien-gorilla-wolf motherfuckers! I swear! Some creature fell from space and jumped Moses, so he bored it! So, now it's brethren have come down in force, blood! Then Moses got shiffed by the Feds, and then them things attacked the bully van and the bluefoot, so we jacked the van! We're running for our lives now, cuz! BELIEVE !\" Leave it to Pest… We all just stood there, us staring them, them staring back at us in a dead silence. Finally, someone broke the tension. \"You jack a bully van, crash it into my whip, and then chat shit to aliens to me?\" Hi-Hatz spat, glaring at Pest in disgust and anger. \"This is making me nervous, blood.\" Tonks, Hatz' big goon/bodyguard spoke, he pointed to Moses. \"That boy's still cuffed ya know. The police are gonna be all over this.\" He continued. Hatz ignored him and pulled his gun out and pointed it straight at Moses. \"You tryna snake me?\" He asked. We all brought out our weapons, mine being the nunchucks. Hatz let out a laugh. \"What? You wanna bring arms to me now? You wanna murk me ? You wanna war with me ?\" He asked. I hated Hi-Hatz…. But I decided to step up, I shouldered past Pest and stood between the two groups. I could feel all their eyes on my back, but I stood. \"Listen, cuz. We're not even lying! If we was making it up, don't ya think we'd make up something a bit better than aliens?\" I asked, he pointed his gun at me. I stood my ground though, just staring at him. \"Say that word one more time.\" He hissed in a daring tone. A screech sounded causing all of us to jump. I saw one of the aliens on the roof. \"We told you, bruv! On the roof if you don't believe me!\" Pest yelled, pointing at it, Hatz swiveled around and pointed the gun yet again at Pest. \"What? What's on the roof?\" He yelled. \"One of them-\" Pest started. \"Say it!\" Hatz spat. \"One of them big gorilla-wolf motherfuckers!\" I yelled for him. Another screech sent us all launching backwards, and Pest took this time to pull me behind him. \"Yo, Hi-Hatz, there is something there, bruv.\" Tonks said, the beast dropped down from the roof, and suddenly, I wish I had grabbed a better weapon. \"Yo, go see what that is.\" Hatz demanded. \"No way, bruv!\" Tonks yelled. \"Move!\" Hatz shouted, pointing the gun at him. \"Shit.\" Tonks cursed, he walked towards the back of the car and Hatz turned the gun back on what he thought was me, but it was Pest again, Hatz sent me a glare. Tonks looked around, then back at us. \"Yo, Hi-Hatz, there's nothing-\" He started to say, but he was knocked into the locker. \"FUCK!\" I yelled. We all jumped back and watched as it bit at him. The thing finally reached his neck and tore it clean off. I looked away. \"Oh, shit!\" Dennis yelled. \"Got the key to your locker?\" Moses asked. \"Yeah!\" Dennis yelled. \"Then let's go!\" I exclaimed, I ran for my bike and jumped on, I started off for Dennis' locker. \"Go, go, go!\" I heard Moses yelling. We raced to Dennis' locker and got in, shutting the door behind us. As we stood there, Pest reeled on me. \"What the fuck was that, Wys!\" He exclaimed. The guys all had their arms crossed, well aside from Moses, who was still cuffed, and were glaring at me. \"I was saving your ass!\" I defended. \"You don't step up to Hi-Hatz! He had a fucking gun to your head!\" Pest yelled back. I just rolled my eyes and turned away from him. \"I'm sorry all right.\" I muttered. He reached and squeezed my arm, telling me it was okay. \"All right guys, we need to figure this shit out!\" Biggz exclaimed. \"What? Running like hell ain't working well enough?\" I asked, turning around to face them, picking up the bolt cutters I found, this earned a slight chuckle all around, I handed them to Dennis, who went to cut the cuffs. Chapter 3. (: Tell me what you think. I wasn't sure where to end, but I didn't wanna make it much longer. So, R&R;(: Much Love, Rhey ","Summary":" Attack The Block. Pest/OC Summary: Wylie's part of the gang that found the first alien that landed "},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Welcome To The Ends","Author":"Raexsz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8990502","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PROLOGUE The mirror of the small bathroom was fogged and a figure in the shower turned off the faucet. A lightly tanned hand reached on and grabbed a towel from the nearby rack. Pulling the towel behind the shower door, it opened. Inside the shower was a teenaged black haired girl. She was of average height with the towel wrapped around her body. She reached for another towel and wrapped it around her hair. She traveled the short distance to the mirror and wiped it off; seeing her reflection. There was a soft knock on the bathroom door. The teen opened the door to see a young African girl standing there in pajamas with a teddy bear. The little girl looked exhausted. \"Redd,\" the little girl addressed the teen, \"are ya gonna read me tha' story?\" \"Ya', sweetie,\" the teen, Redd, responded, \"Jus' let me get dress firs', okay?\" The little girl nodded and turned, going to her room. Redd strolled over to her room and shut the door. One look inside her room, revealed where she got her name. The walls were a stark red; the bed had a red comforter with a black border. The head hoard was a dark cherry wood; as was the bedside table. The lamp in the table had a red shade over it. Redd removed the towel from her head and walked over to her closet. Grabbing a random set clothes, she laid them on her bed. Slipping off her towel and slipping on some undergarments; she picked up a white halter tank top that had a Black Sabbath skull on it and put it on. She shimmied into a pair of black skinny jeans with chain suspenders. She plugged in her skull earrings and slipped on her bangles. Grabbing her black beanie, red hoodie, and electronics, she walked to her little sister's room. Redd lightly tapped on the door before opening it. \"Lily,\" Redd spoke quietly, \"ya still up?\" A tiny head of dark hair shifted under the pink comforter, but didn't rise. This proved the child to be asleep. Redd smiled and closed the door. Redd walked out into the living room; finding her parents there. Her father was a burly German with a thick accent. Dark hair and eyes with a pencil thin line of facial hair. Her mother was a feminine Irishwoman. Although they adopted all their children, they loved their children more than anyone ever could. Redd gave her both her parents a kiss on the head and continued into the small kitchen; where she found her other sister. \"'Ey, Monique,\" Redd addressed the, slightly, younger teen. \"Hi, Redd,\" Monique replied, \"goin' out wiv da boys, again?\" \"Yay,\" Redd sounded hesitant, \"why?\" \"Jus' curious,\" Monique said, flipping her long, cornrow braided hair over her left shoulder. \"Y're jus' curious 'bout Dennis, aren't ya?\" \"No!\" Monique blushed. \"Whatevah,\" Redd chuckled and started putting on her red Nike Jordan's and picking up her hooded biker vest, \"I'll see ya later, 'k?\" \"Ya',\" Monique shrugged and nodded, \"bye.\" Redd walked to the door, saying 'bye' to her parents and opened the door, walking out. Shutting the door, she saw Pest down the hall; doing the same thing. He was a little taller than her, same age; 16. He was standing there in a pair of baggy, blue jeans; orange striped, grey winter coat; blue hoodie and green 'Granny Magnet' t-shirt visible. Redd chuckled lightly at the shirt; his grandma had gotten it for him. Pest, hearing her, looked over and smiled. \"'Ey, baby,\" Pest said, smoothly. \"Hi, Pest,\" Redd said, walking over to him. \"Ready ta go?\" Pest said while grabbing her waist. \"Ya',\" Redd said, placing her hands on his elbows, \"let's go me't up wiv the boys.\" The two walked over to the set of elevator. Next to the elevators was the number eleven, painted in reddish orange. Pest pressed the down button and started talking to Redd as they waited for the lift. When the elevator dinged and opened, they were met with Dennis Moses. Moses nodded in greeting and Dennis grinned. Pest and Redd walked onto the lift; still holding hands. END OF PROLOGUE! Read and Review! Check out the story poster at - polyvore pest_redd/set?id=70396700 Check out Redd's clothes and weapons at - polyvore redd/set?id=70425434[Chapter 2] Yay! First chapter~! Tell me~ whatcha think :) Redd stuffed her hands further into her biker vest. London in October was freezing. She stepped closer to Pest, trying to conserve body heat. Pest wrapped an arm around her in return. After meeting up with Jerome and Biggz, the gang went out to find their next victim. They'd been out for about an hour, now, and hadn't found anyone. \"Everyone's out enjoyin' da Bon Fires,\" Redd broke the silence, \"I doubt we'r goin' ta fin' anyone out.\" \"Trus',\" Moses murmured, and noticed a woman, older than them, walking by their graffiti, \"Always trus', Redd. Always\" The others smiled while Pest lit a banger and tossed it. The sudden, loud noise shocked the woman, but when she turned around, she found no one. She sighed and continued talking on her cellphone. \"Okay,\" She smiled into the phone, \"Bye, mum.\" She looked up to find a group of six teens. All of the teens had their hoods up and faces covered with bandanas. Most of them were in dark clothing; except one in a gray winter jacket. Moses nodded his head slowly, signaling Pest and Redd. They got on their bikes and hopped off the curb. They crossed in front of the woman, who followed them with her eyes. She turned back around and found the four other teens lined up across the street. \"Oh, fuck,\" She whimpered. She pivoted to see the two bikers, now standing on their bikes. They were intimidating for being teens. She swiveled around and almost smacked faces with Moses. \"Giv' me da phone,\" He shouted, threateningly, into her face, \"Giv' me da phone!\" The woman dug into her bag while Redd and Pest rode up behind her. She fumbled with her phone when she handed it to Moses. \"Giv' me da mon'y,\" Moses demanded, \"Giv' me da pu'se!\" She shrunk away and started digging in her purse. She was smart, though. She was trying to take as long as possible, in hopes that someone would find them. But, Moses was smarter. \"Don' fuck 'bout,\" Moses grabbed the purse and ripped it from her, tossing it to Dennis. The woman held up her hands to defend herself, unknowingly, showing off her ring. Gold; very valuable on the block. \"Giv' me da ring,\" Moses said softly, but demandingly. \"It's no' worth anythin',\" She tried to reason. \"Girl, we don' care,\" Redd taunted her, \"Jus' giv' him da ring, damnit!\" The woman seemed surprised to hear a feminine voice among boys. She turned to Redd with wide eyes before Moses got her attention again. He tousled with her until he pulled out his blade, only to scare her. \"Ya wanna get murk, innit,\" Moses pretended to threaten and struggled with the ring again. Finally, he shoved her to the ground. She faced Moses while taking off her ring and holding it up for him to take. Pest snatched it instead and slipped it on Redd's finger. The teens crowded around the fallen woman; becoming much more intimidating than she originally thought. \"Y're too brave,\" Moses spoke in truth. All the teens stared down at the woman until a bright ight caught their attention. The light got closer and closer until they realized it was coming towards them. \"Duck!\" \"Mov' it!\" Everyone fell to the ground, covering their heads as the light, or now meteor, crashed into a nearby car. Pest flung his body over Redd's; for extra protection. \"Som'one's bombin' us,\" Biggz shouted. Dennis looked over to where the woman was; she was gone. \"'Ey,\" He said, getting everyone's attention, \"She's duckin'!\" \"Man, she's ghostin',\" Pest commented, helping Redd to stand. \"Moses-\" Redd was cut off. \"Allow it,\" Moses stated, \"Nice whip,\" He said walking over to the destroyed car, \"Could be som' valuables in it.\" Moses tried to open the door but the handle was jammed, so he jumped in through the window. The others crowded around his dangling rear; waiting patiently. Moses moved to grab something when a white blur lunged at him. He hurried out of the car, staring into it with wide eyes. \"Whoa,\" He breathe, \"dare's-\" A white creature lunged out of the car and attacked Moses. The creature swiped at his face, cutting near his left eye, and Moses pulled out his flint blade. The others were yelling out in shock as Moses plunged the blade into the side of the creature. It gave a shriek and darted off threw a whole in a chain link fence; going to an old, wooden she in the park. Moses and his gang were breathing heavily from excitement as he got up. \"Wha' was dat,\" questioned Biggz. \"It looked like Dobby da House Elf,\" Redd jibbed at Pest, who chuckled with her. \"Moses go' shacked by a Dobby,\" Dennis teased as they all laughed. Pest held onto Redd's waist as she rested her arm on Biggz' shoulder. Moses glared in the direction of the wooden shed; the one lamp laminating it in the darkness. \"Imma killin' it,\" He growled. Dun Dun Daaaaaaa~! I know I forgot to mention Redd's bike in the beginning but I picture Biggz carrying it in this chapter. R&R;[Chapter 3] The boys and Redd ran across the dark park; Pest and Redd on their bikes. When they came upon the shed, Redd and Pest tossed down their bikes and joined the others in front of the wooden shed. The teens heaved breathlessly, still in shock of the white 'apes' attack on Moses. \"Aye, Pest,\" Moses gained his attention, \"Ya got any of dem bangas?\" \"Yeah,\" Pest said taking out some firecrackers from his pocket. Pest leaned over towards Redd, who lit the firecracker with her dragon decorated lighter. Pest ran up to the shed, threw in the firecracker, and jogged back to Redd's side. A couple seconds later, there was a popping sound, followed by smoke, light, and screeches from the creature; which Redd was pretty sure that it was an alien. After a few more seconds, the commotion stopped. Moses stared into the wooden shed; glaring into the shed, he charged. The others stood outside the shed, the single light tinting them orange. The listened to Moses beating the creature with the branch he found. \"Aye,\" Moses shouted, \"Back meh! Back meh!\" The five teens ran into the shed, causing greater commotion. Everyone struggled with the creature, trying to pin it down. The creature, dubbed alien by Redd, got a few swipes in on the only female of their gang, ripping part of her jeans on her right thigh. Soon enough, it went quiet. Silent . . . . The gang of teenagers walked out of the shed, the creature strung upon the sharp edge of the branch like a flag. Everyone formed a circle around Moses, using their phones to see the creature in the dark. \"What is dis ting?\" Dennis asked, moving his phone closer to the creature. \"Dats an alien, bruv! Believe it!\" Pest boasted, \"It came down ta take over de Ear'h!\" \"Til it landed in de wrong place,\" Redd commented, \"Welcome ta de Ends~\" Dennis grinned, \"Yeah, mothafucka!\" He feigned towards the alien. Moses raised the alien above his head as the gang began to chant, becoming ruddy and swaying back and forth. Redd and Pest began to jump, causing the others, besides Moses, to copy them. Their chants could be heard on the other side of the park, loud and proud. \"BLOCK!\" \"BLOCK!\" \"BLOCK!\" \"BLOCK!\" \"BLOCK!\" \"BLOCK!\" The boys and Redd walked beside the chain link, Pest dragging the alien along with them. Redd strolled next to Pest, who was talking animatedly to everyone about the alien. She laughed at a few of his jokes and looked by to Biggz. He was holding her bike, since he suggested to earlier, and she wanted to make sure he was 'treating' it right. \"Ya, bettah treat dat bike righ', Biggz!\" she shouted back to the African boy. The boys busted out in laughter as Biggz mocked her by caressing the red bike lovingly. Biggz looked up at Moses, who was leading the gang of delinquents back to the block, \"Ay, Moses,\" Moses tilted his head to acknowledge him, \"Wha' are we gonna do wiv dis ting?\" Pest turned back to Biggz, \"Take it ta Ron,\" he turned back around facing forward when Redd moved him so he wouldn't trip, \"He watches dat Geographical shit! All dat man evah does is blaze, water dem big buds, and watch de nature channel\" \"Ya know dat he's righ',\" Redd chuckled elbowing Pest softly, \"He's da only reason dat de block smells like bud\" The boys laughed as Biggz answered his phone; he's a momma's boy and knows it, he quickly explained why he was late and told his mom he'd be home soon. Jerome took out his cellphone and called Ron to tell him of their 'Beast of Braxton'. \"Ay, Moses,\" Dennis called from the back of the group, \"Why ya always pickin the poor people, man?\" The whole gang started to laugh, knowing that it was true. Dennis soccer kicked the wallet into a small patch of grass and kept walking. \"Ay, man, we shady, we shady,\" Moses tried to defend. The gang turned a corner and started walking toward the youth center, where they saw Tia and her friends. Dimples was the first to notice them and comment. \"Wha?\" She questioned pointing to the alien, \"What is dat?\" \"An alien, Dimps,\" Redd countered; she never really liked Dimples- to stuck up. \"Watch it, Hermaphrodite,\" Dimples growled. \"Ya wanna go, Cush Crotch?\" Redd said pushing up the sleeves of her skin tight red hoodie. \"Now, now,\" Jerome said holding Redd back; knowing the damage she can do. Tia shook her head and stared at Moses, \"Did dat ting do dat to ya face?\" He stared back, \"Yeah\" \"So, ya killed it?\" \"Yeah\" The others felt a little awkward standing there as the two stared 'passionately' at one another. Pest grinned and shared a look with Redd. He jerked the alien forward, causing all the girls to run away and Tia to grab the door behind her. Pest chuckled and wrapped one arm around Redd's waist. Biggz and Jerome rode on the borrowed bikes ahead of the others. Everyone squeezed through the smaller alley way. They found two younger boys from the block setting a recycling bin on fire; the paper one to be specific. \"Gavin!\" Redd yelled catching the African boy's attention. \"Ya pyro!\" Moses yelled after her. Gavin turned around looking a bit miffed, \"My name ain't Gavin, its Mayhem,\" he gestured to his friend, \"An' he's Probs\" \"Y're fuckin' wiv meh, righ'\" Redd jeered, her head laying on Pest's shoulder with his arm still around her waist, \"Mayhem an' Probs? Those has ta be the weakest names I've evah heard\" The boys looked pissed but gained an expression of interest as the group passed them and they got a look at the alien. \"Whoa!\" \"What is dat?!\" \"None of ya business,\" Redd countered. \"No,\" Probs squeaked, \"Let us roll wiv you, Moses!\" \"Yeah,\" Mayhem spoke, \"We bad boys, Moses, bad boys!\" \"Go home, Reginald,\" Jerome twisted back while riding Pest's bike, \"Y're too tiny\" \"Innit past y're bed time?**\" Pest teased. \"Go suck y're mom\" Reginald countered. The group ooh'd at the burn as Pest and Redd turned to the youth with smirks on their faces; they taught them well. The group stopped off near the garage to lock up the bikes then headed towards the elevator. When the teens walked in they noticed an older man, probably in his twenties, listening to music and talking on his cellphone. He quickly hung up as the teens surrounded him; hiding his phone and iPod. \"I already pushed the button,\" he said trying not to look scared, \"It's taking enough time\" The teens scoffed. They loved playing with people's heads, especially if they didn't live in the block; they didn't know the routine. The elevator dinged and the teens got on, leaving the older man by himself. Dennis feigned towards him, intimidatingly. \"It's okay,\" He informed them, \"I'll catch the next one\"[Chapter 4] *the rest of this chapter is being polished* \"'Ay, Ron!\" A fist banged on the apartment door, \"RON!\" \"Man, open th' door,\" Redd yelled at the barrier, \"before he awakes up th' whole block!\" Slowly, the door open slightly revealing a rather large man. His shoulder length, greasy hair was separated to either side of his face, which held a nine-o'clock shadow. He looked slightly scared, as if someone had just threatened his life. \"Did ya brin' it?\" He spoke quietly, like someone was behind him. The group of teenagers just smirked at him. The grey, monkey-like alien hung by Pest's belt on Ron's shower rod. Ron and the fellow the teens had met down stairs were 'examining' it. \"What's it?\" The younger of the two questioned. \"Don' know,\" Ron gaze at the creature, \"Maybe, there was a partay at th' zoo an' a monkey fucked a fish?\" Both men looked at each other, before turning back to the creature. \"I saw dem wit' it in the elevator. I though' it was somethin' they won at the Fun Fair.\" Silence. \"So ya want to buy a bit of weed?\" \"Yeah.\" The teens lounged around the living room, passing a joint around. Redd had curled herself into Pest's shoulder, obviously high. Pest received the joint, consuming a massive chief, and pasted it to Redd; who did the same thing. Ron and the other man walked into the hall a adjacent to the room, the unknown man leaned against the wall; trying to look cool. \"Well,\" Ron announced, \"You fellows and lady have discovere' a creature even to unknown to science.\" He paused. \"An' you kicked it's fuckin' 'ead in!\" The teens cheered. Then began suggesting what to do with it. \"Pu' it on th' cover of Th' Sun,\" Dennis suggested, \"Everyone believes dem!\" \"Section 9,\" Redd mumbled, \"Anythin' public about a real alien an' we'd get arrested,\" she finished, dazed. \"Call Simon Cowell!\" Pest exclaimed, surprising the blazed Redd, \" Alien's Got Talent! \" The teens began to chuckle at his suggestion. \"Jokes, man, jokes.\" The stranger murmured, although the teens heard him. Staring at him intently as he sat in front of the telley. \"Ya all know Brewis,\" Ron tried to ease the tension, \"Reliable customer, he is.\" Brewis waved and extended his fist to Dennis, \"Wagwon.\" Dennis, whoever, gave him a disturbed look, \"Ge' tha' away from meh!\" Moses smiled, getting up to talk to Ron privately. Redd was leaning more into Pest , who was enjoying it mind you, completely and utterly stoned. The joint was still being passed around; since the boys weren't high. The troubles of being so small and loving weed; you get high too quick. Pest went to pass her the joint, until she shook her head, mumbling softly into his shoulder: \"If I take around hit, Imma throw up.\" He passed onto Biggz. Moses, finally, came out of the weed room; smiling. To which Redd took notice and announced. The teens dog piled on their leader before heard loud fireworks. Moses turned to the window. The 'hoodlums' walked to the window. \"Fireworks?\" Jerome questioned. \"Nah. Fireworks go up before comin' down,\" Pest responded, \"Dem things are pure comin' down.\" The teens watched as fireballs, bigger than fireworks, came crashing to the ground. Pure white and blazing. Crashing into buildings and cars. If anyone else had been watching, they would have thought the fireballs were fireworks, as well. The pure number of how many were coming down, shocked the group. Ron walked over to the teens, gazing out the window, \"Ah, fireworks.\" \"Nah, man,\" Dennis corrected him, \"It's an alien invasion.\" \"'Course it is.\" They watched as one fireball landed near the Council Estate. Biggz got excited. \"Look,\" He exclaimed, \"That one landed in the park! Close!\" Redd, who had been surprised into sobriety, smirked, \"Huntin' Time.\" That's all for now! I'm still fixing the rest of it. This chapter will go up to the Bully Van incident. R&R;! -Rae-kawaii ","Summary":" PROLOGUE The mirror of the small bathroom was fogged and a figure in the shower turned off the fauc"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Running For Life (Hiatus)","Author":"OblivionsGarden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8817398","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title - Running For Life Chapter title - Saving Young Den Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Sci-Fi Disclaimer - I do not own Attack The Block in anyway shape or form. I only own my original character, Robyn Hill. (And her mum.) Summary - Follows The Film. Robyn didn't know the boys that well, only vaguely recognizing them from the block. That soon changes when two creatures burst through Tia's window and she winds up running for her life, trying to save the block. And with this extra pair of hands will Dennis and Jerome be saved? (Pest/Oc) A/n - I watched ATB for the first time a few days ago. I've watched it three times since. It's so god damn good. I thought Pest was hilarious despite the situation he was in so thought I'd write him an oc in. Plus I was upset when Dennis and Jerome died so I figured I might be able to save them with an extra helping hand. Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: With chattering teeth I reached into my coat pocket and pulled out my blue woolen gloves. I slipped them on and pulled my scarf up a little higher, keeping my head down in a hopes to conserve some heat. I smiled a little when I spotted two children playing with sparklers. I remember when I was young enough to play with sparklers and try to write my name in the air. Not anymore. At sixteen, a few months from seventeen, I was supposed to be getting a job and growing up. All childhood carelessness lost. As the wind whipped around, sending my midnight blue hair into my eyes, I regretted not wearing my hat. I made my way through the alley where the familiar graffiti decorated the wall. I read the five names each time I passed, wondering who they were. ' Jerome, Biggz, Mos, Pest and Young Den. ' I vaguely remember a friend of mine talking about someone called Moses and wondered if that was ' Mos .' I came out onto the next street, spotting a group of boys, I presumed to be around my age just up ahead. I continued on, hoping not to come across as scared. One of the boys made to ride past on his bike but another stopped him with a hand on the shoulder and a shake of the head. \"No. She's from the block.\" His deep voice seeped through the scarf pulled up over his nose. I nodded in thanks and slightly quickened my speed as I passed. \"What's her name?\" I heard another boy ask, presumably the one who had gone to ride past. \"Don't know. I've seen her around though. I think she's friends with Tia.\" I sighed in relief. Never thought I'd be thankful for living in the block. Eventually I reached home. I say home... I mean small cramped flat on the fifth floor. The TV was switched to some random music channel and I could hear my mum humming along to it from her bedroom. I went in to see her adjusting her short black dress. \"Going out?\" I asked leaning on the door frame. Of course she was going out. She was always going out. \"Do you always have to sound so downbeat? Try being happy for a change, it wouldn't hurt.\" She fixed her dark blonde hair before sitting on her bed to fasten her strappy sandals. \"I am happy. I just want to know why you have to go out with a different guy every night.\" \"I'm young I'm having fun. You should be doing the same.\" \"Yeah.\" I nodded. \"Except I don't sleep around.\" I added in a mumble. Mum stood up, pulled on a faux fur jacket and grabbed her handbag. \"I've left some money on the coffee table for you if you fancy a take away. I'll be back later. Love you, darling.\" She gave me a quick peck on the cheek and slipped passed. \"Love you too.\" I listened to the door shut behind her before going into the living room and putting the money into my jacket pocket. I switched the TV off and moved into my room. After shedding my jacket and trainers, I picked up my battered acoustic guitar and sat at the top of my bed, resting my back against the headboard. I practiced a few songs I'd written myself then sang some songs I always enjoyed. After a while I could barely keep my eyes open so I set the instrument down and settled myself on the bed for sleep. I was woken up about an hour later by the ringing of my mobile. I pulled it out of my pocket and saw the name Gloria across the screen. I clicked the button and lay the phone beside my ear, too lazy to sit up properly. \"Hey, Gee.\" I yawned. \"Alright, Robyn. Me and the girls are hanging out at Tia's place why don't you get your arse down here?\" \"Uh...\" Thinking about it, I didn't have anything better to do. \"Yeah alright. Be there in two.\" I hung up and ran a hand over my face. I went into the bathroom and splashed my face with cold water to wake myself up. I pulled my jacket and trainers back on and left the flat, locking the door behind me. In the lift I pressed the large 7 and waited for my arrival on the seventh floor. Tia let me into her place straight away, offering me a cup of tea. I sat down beside Gloria and went to prop my feet on the coffee table. \"You put your dirty trainers on my table I'm gonna hit you with a spoon.\" Tia scolded. I shared a giggle with Gloria and Dimples and set my feet firmly on the ground. \"Tia, that Moses you're always talking about...What does he look like?\" I asked out of curiosity. \"Tall, dark skin. Usually wears a black hat with a red brim. It's sort of his trade mark. Why?\" \"Oh...I saw him earlier. Just wondered.\" She seemed to realize there was something more to the story but didn't ask. A short while later a pounding sounded at the door and Dimples went to answer. I could faintly hear someone's deep voice asking to come in. Dimples blew up at them. \"You ain't bringin' all them people in here! No! They're involved in somethin'! Someone's chasin' them! They got weapons and look, that one's bleedin'. And that woman...I don't even know that woman. I'm not gettin' myself involved in a situation I don't need to be in.\" I glanced at Tia who rolled her eyes and moved toward the door. \"It's my house, Dimples. Come.\" She pulled open her security gate and I watched as the group of lads from earlier piled in with a woman I didn't recognize. The one I now knew as Moses glanced at me, nodding in acknowledgment. One with glasses sat on the sofa opposite me, one sat down in front of Gloria and she immediately started to style his hair. One wearing a wooly hat with tassels moved over to the window whilst Moses stayed still as Tia cleaned his wounds on his face. I noticed them now, fairly sure they weren't there earlier. But then, he had his scarf pulled up earlier so I wouldn't have seen woman stood awkwardly, away from the group. \"There's one helicopter out there. Copper chopper. Ain't even military. And it's just around the ends man.\" The one by the window spoke, presumably to Moses. He moved and dropped onto the sofa beside me, pulling out his papers to skin up. I glanced at his leg. \"Why do you have a cushion taped to your leg?\" I frowned. He glanced at me, seeming to only just realize I was there. \"He's been bitten. I've done my best to stop the bleeding but I can't do anymore without a first aid kit or a hospital.\" The woman explained. \"Tia, where's your first aid kit?\" I asked. \"Bathroom.\" I found the kit under the bathroom sink and moved to sit next to the injured boy. \"Put your leg up.\" I instructed him. He seemed amused and winced as he lifted his leg to rest in my lap. As he spoke with the others I focused on removing the cushion and using a damp flannel to wipe away the blood. I applied a little antiseptic cream and re-dressed the wounds with some bandages. \"There. Should be easier to work with than a cushion.\" He smiled and sat back up straight. I focused now on their talk of aliens. \"They're out there for real.\" He said. \"They're coming' for us.\" \"Ready or not...Here I come.\" Dimples sang. The other girls joined in before collapsing in laughter. I smirked a little. \"Listen! There's a dead one in my living room. I live on the first floor. Go and have a look if you don't believe me. There's no front door anymore.\" The woman had spoken again, moving closer to us. \"Moses? When did you start going out with your maths teacher.\" The girls laughed with Dimples. Except for Tia. Even me, who usually kept to myself knew Tia had a thing for Moses. \"How do you know that woman?\" She asked. He stayed silent. \"We met earlier. He mugged me.\" I frowned at the woman. \"Is that what you were planning on doing to me?\" I asked. Everyone stared. \"Before you recognized me from the complex?\" Moses nodded once. I slumped back into the sofa. I wasn't sure whether to be angry and relieved. I ignored the rest of the conversation. Every now and then, I found the injured one looking at me with a mild curiosity in his eyes. Like I was some new breed of human that he'd never seen before. I presumed he must've been high. He offered me his joint once but I refused. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't completely innocent. I've been known to have a smoke every now and again but now didn't seem like the right time. \"Listen, we can't deal with this on out own. We have to call the police. You can trust me. I'll tell them what really happened.\" The woman said. Tia turned on her. \"You think the police is gonna help them? They might not arrest you but they'll arrest them.\" \"Yeah.\" The one sat in front of Gloria said. \"For murder of two police officers, vehicle theft, resisting arrest...Everything that happened everywhere in the ends tonight.\" \"They arrest us for nothing already.\" The one beside me said. Ignoring the rest of the conversation I moved to the kitchen, finding a remaining can of coke in the fridge and cracking it open. I stayed in the doorway of the kitchen, listening to dribs and drabs of their chatter. I tried to figure out what kind of animal leaves a bite wound like that Tia spoke again and I paid full attention. \"Excuse me but what is that?\" She sounded scared which was an unusual trait for the hardened South London girl. From my position I couldn't see what everyone was looking at but the other girls screamed and ran into the other rooms. The boys all raised their weapons whilst taking cover. \"You can't take two, fam.\" Moses said as one of the boys, wearing a bike helmet, aimed a small gun at the window. \"Watch me.\" He pulled the trigger only for two feeble bangs to sound. \"Shit it is a toy.\" Just as he spoke the windows were smashed as two huge black creatures came headfirst into the room. They reeled on the boy in the helmet and seeing him outnumbered I dropped my coke and ran into the kitchen. Once again, my hands were trembling but this time not from the cold. I yanked the drawers open until I found a large knife. I ran back out taking one deep breath, thinking of nothing and dove forward, over the sofa landing on the black furry mass. Grunting and clinging on for dear life I plunged the knife forward, earning a howl from the thing but still it moved around trying to swing me off. I pulled back the knife, and plunged it forward again, this time the thing collapsed to the floor. The other one turned on me now, pouncing on me and sending me crashing to the floor behind the sofa. In the panic, I dropped the knife, now left defenseless and staring at a huge set of glowing, sharp teeth. Someone jumped at the creature, managing to use enough force to knock it away from me. I used my feet to push myself backwards across the floor but the thing moved towards where Moses was hid behind the other sofa. Tia grabbed a standing lamp and smashed it against the wall. \"OI! FUCKFACE!\" She jammed the live end into the remaining creature. It shrieked and sprang at her. I ran forward only to see Tia and Dimples finish it off with the base of the lamp and an ice skate. You can fault South End girls for a lot of things but Jesus do they know how to fight. Everyone moved into the center of the room looking down on the huge corpses. The boy across from me removed his helmet and surveyed the teethmarks that were so close to cracking into his skull. \"You saved my life, man.\" He said almost disbelievingly. \"Thanks.\" I shrugged, \"S'alright.\" \"You know that little one you killed before? That was a mistake.\" Tia said. \"They weren't going for us. They were going for you.\" Dimples agreed. \"Actions have consequences you know Moses.\" \"Everywhere you go bad things happen.\" \"Stay away from us Moses.\"The girls fled the room and presumably the building. The boys and the woman went out into the hall. For a moment I stared at the...Aliens. Still unsure of what the fuck was going on I turned on the spot until I spotted the kitchen knife stuck into the carpet. I grabbed it and went out into the hall. The boys stared at me when I joined them. \"Tia's right. You should stay away from me.\" Moses said in a quiet voice, he was glancing between me and the woman. \"Fuck that man! I got your back.\" The one in the wooly hat said. \"I ain't goin' nowhere. They nearly got Dennis man. We gotta kill all them things bruv.\" The one in the glasses said and the other nodded in agreement. \"We're on the same side now right?\" The woman said. Again, they all looked at me. \"You're going to need all the help you can get if there are more of them.\" I glanced down and wiped the alien blood off the knife onto my jeans. \"I'm Robyn.\" \"I'm Sam.\" The woman said. \"Jerome.\" The one in glasses. \"Dennis.\" \"Pest.\" \"Moses.\" Before anymore could be said, gun shots sounded and bullets ricocheted off the wall above our heads, showering us with plaster. I turned to see a dark skinned man pointing his gun at us. \"Come on!\" One of the boys shouted to me and Sam who were both staring dumbstruck at the gun wielding man. I pushed Sam as lightly as I could whilst still getting her to run. I followed behind her, staying low and clutching the knife as though my life depended on it. Which now, it clearly did.[Chapter 2] Title - Running For Life Chapter title - Saving Jerome Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Sci-Fi Disclaimer - I do not own Attack The Block in anyway shape or form. I only own my original character, Robyn Hill. (And her mum.) A/n - Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: \"Who was that?\" Sam asked as we made our way up the steps. \"That's Hi-Hatz.\" Jerome answered. \"Why was he shooting at us? Well...You?\" I asked. \"Best friend got ate and he's a bit vexed about it. Know exactly how he feels.\" \"Man's a sausage.\" Pest added and I smirked a little at the comment. \"So is there anyone in this block that doesn't want to kill you?\" Sam seemed to hate the fact she was relying on a group of teenagers to keep her safe. I don't blame her, they did mug her earlier. \"Not really.\" Moses made towards the nearest doors having clearly seen something up the stairs. We followed him into the lift, piling in and watching in anticipation as the doors slid shut just before one of the aliens smashed into the other side. \"Will someone please tell me what the fuck is going on in the block?\" I turned and found myself face to face with a tall, pale boy carrying a plastic bag. \"What was that chasing you? Why's the other lift full of dead people?\" He asked. His eyes were red and I could tell he was high. \"Hear that Moses. They got Hi-Hatz! They ate that sausage.\" Another boom sounded as the creature collided with the lift doors again. We started to go down until Pest reached out and double tapped the ground button, cancelling the request. \"What are you doing, we need to go down!\" The tall guy exclaimed. \"I ain't goin' down. Too many things down there's out to get me, get me?\" Moses said. I shifted towards the back of the lift beside Dennis. With seven of us in here, it was more than cramped. \"True say. Bare police, crazy gangsters and fucked-up monsters down there.\" Pest agreed with Moses. \"OK good. Let's not go down.\" \"They can get through doors and windows and security gates.\" Sam thought aloud. \"Yeah, if we're not going down were is there left to go?\" Jerome was shaking his head, unable to see a way out. \"Up.\" Moses answered. \"Ron's weed room.\" Dennis said, reading his friend like a book. Once again cancelling out Sam's voice I pressed the 19 button and waited. Until I noticed Pest staring at me again. \"I'm starting to realize why you're called Pest.\" He chuckled. \"How do you know what floor Ron's is on?\" I shrugged. \"Maybe I know Ron.\" \"How?\" \"How do you think?\" \"You smoke?\" \"Sometimes.\" \"Thank fuck, I thought we had another annoying nurse around.\" Sam pouted at his comment but couldn't say anything as we had reached the nineteenth floor. Moses peered out of the lift, the rest of us leaning forward behind him. \"Down the end.\" Looking to where he said, we all saw the two aliens snarling at the end of the corridor. Moses moved back and hit a button to close the lift doors. \"We gotta clear that corridor.\" \"How?\" Moses was eying Pest, clearly with some kind of trick up his sleeve. \"Indoor fireworks.\" The doors opened once again and we all moved forward to hid behind the wall. Pest right on the edge, Moses beside him, then Jerome, Dennis, Sam and the tall guy. I knelt down beside Moses, sneaking glances around the corner. I could faintly hear the tall guy introducing himself to Sam as Brewis and talking about some party he was supposed to be at. \"I'm supposed to be at a house party in Fulham. I only came here to pick up. I've got customers waiting...\" He added. \"People like you encourage drugs in the ends man. Makes me sick.\" Jerome spat. \"Unless you want a better deal. What's Ron charging?\" Pest asked, a slight smile on his face. \"Am I the only person here who doesn't deal weed.\" Sam looked around us all and no one answered. \"Even you?\" \"I don't deal...Just enjoy it every now and then.\" I answered with a shrug. \"Maybe you should give it a make better money than being a nurse...\" Pest defended his life choices as Moses lit the two rockets he'd pulled from his rucksack. The hall was filled with dense smoke almost immediately followed by an unsettling silence. Moses pulled a roman candle from Pest's bag and lit the fuse. \"Come.\" He stepped forward into the smoke. \"Quickly.\" He called back. \"Lights.\" Jerome spoke to Brewis who hit a switch, turning on the lights. Slowly, we followed behind Moses. I stayed close behind Pest, relying on the outline of his wooly hat to guide me forward. The smoke was too thick for me to even see my feet when I looked down. I saw Pest reach into his bag again, this time lighting and throwing bangers back and forth, creating small intervals of light. \"Pest...\" I whispered. \"What?\" \"Don't leave me behind, OK?\" I heard him chuckle. \"Course not.\" I don't know why I said it. I barely knew the guy and he'd mugged Sam earlier today. But something about him...Something about his ignorance to the bite mark in his leg and his calm and collected approach to this situation made me feel a little bit safer. Well...As safe as you can feel during an alien invasion. A few slow steps forward and I heard Jerome behind us as Brewis raced past. \"Help! Pest! Moses! Dennis! Back me!\" I turned, facing more thick smoke. Pest seemingly heard his friends cries as he brushed past me, his bat wielded in front of him. \"Jerome? Where you at?\" I hurried forward, keeping instep with Pest, the kitchen knife ready to strike if needs be. Suddenly Pest screamed and looked down. A hand gripped his ankle. I dropped the knife grabbing Jerome's hand and dragging him backwards. \"Pest, help!\" Pest too ignored the pain in his leg and gripped his friends other arm, combining his force with mine to drag him back. The further back we got the more I could hear fists pounding on wood and Moses' deep voice calling Ron's name. \"Ron! Let us in man!\" We were out of the smoke now, in front of Ron's door. \"Open the door! Open the door!\" Pest was frantic, helping Jerome to his feet. Jerome's cheek was a mass of flesh and blood but he was alive and that had to count for something. \"You wanna get us killed? Open it! Now!\" Moses shouted. Finally the door opened and Ron stepped to the side. \"We need to hide in your weed room...\" Moses informed the drug dealing lay about. \"It's the only safe place left in the block.\" Pest agreed. \"Dunno about that...\" Ron muttered as I guided a bleary eyed Jerome past him. His glasses must've come off in the hall. As we entered the living room, the man that had shot at us earlier was stood, covered in blood and his trembling hand was pointing a gun straight at Moses' head. \"Wagwan Moses?\"[Chapter 3] Title - Running For Life Chapter title - Pass The Time Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Sci-Fi Disclaimer - I do not own Attack The Block in anyway shape or form. I only own my original character, Robyn Hill. (And her mum.) A/n - Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: \"You killed that thing.\" Hi-Hatz's face was contorted with anger. \"Hi-Hatz, bruv...\" \"You brought that thing to my ends?\" \"I don't want no trouble.\" \"You brought feds to my ends?\" \"Listen to me bruv.\" \"You brought an alien invasion to my ends.\" \"Behind you bruv.\" At Moses' words, I looked past Hi-Hatz, through the windows and saw the large shadow like shapes of more aliens. I gulped and stepped back, only to knock into Pest. I made to move forward slightly but he grabbed my wrist, keeping my in place, my back against his chest. \"Don't chat me.\" \"I ain't lyin'.\" \"Shut up!\" More creatures were appearing as they spoke. We were fucked. \"I was gonna make you. Now I'm gonna dead you.\" Hi-Hatz cocked the gun and out of the corner of my eye I saw Ron, the great coward, shuffle into the walk in cupboard. \"This is my block, get me?\" \"Not really.\" At that moment the creatures burst through the window, sending glass flying everywhere, and pounced on Hi-Hatz. The rest of us raced into Ron's weed room, shutting the door behind us. Every one sat down, falling into a silence. I slid down the wall, sitting beside Pest who was beside Sam. \"How's your leg?\" I asked. \"I'll live. You know...If we get out of here.\" \"Wish I'd never chased after that thing.\" Moses said. \"Wish we never mugged you. Wish I never took that white from Hi-Hatz. Wish I'd just gone home and played Fifa like Biggz said.\" \"Who's Biggz?\" I asked. \"Our mate. He's hiding out in the bins. Can't get out cause one of them things is waitin' for 'im.\" Dennis answered. More silence passed. As everyone sat in their thoughts, I wasn't even thinking about the danger we were stuck in. I was thinking about the strange new boys I'd met tonight. Funny, they'd thought about mugging me and yet here they were helping to keep me safe. And Pest...Sat this close to him now I could feel his body heat radiating off him. He'd pulled his hat and coat off now, revealing his slightly curled brown hair and, green tee shirt and dark grey hoodie. He was fairly attractive, aside from the criminal part of him. \"Anyone got skins?\" He asked. \"Nah fam.\" Everyone shook their heads. I patted my pockets and shook my head. \"Bare weed and no skins? This is a nightmare!\" Moses turned to face Sam now. \"Listen, yeah...We didn't even know you lived in the block. If we knew you then were wouldn't have stepped to you.\" \"What it would have been okay to mug me if I didn't live here? Is that how it works?\" \"Boy, you's tetchy. He's tryin' to apologize to you.\" \"I suppose that's why they never mugged you then.\" She looked at me now. \"Yeah. But don't blame them.\" \"What?\" \"No one mugs out of choice. Especially not kids from the block. Sometimes, in areas like this, you gotta prove yourself or end up being taken for a mug by people like Hi-Hatz.\" I explained. \"What's worse? Having to step someone or have Hi-Hatz and co on your back twenty four fuckin' seven.?\" Sam went quiet, contemplating my words. \"How long you lived on the block? I ain't never seen you.\" Dennis asked with a frown and Jerome nodded in agreement. \"About eight months. I usually keep to myself or go 'round Tia's place. I know Gloria from when we were kids.\" \"Is it?\" Pest joined the conversation. \"You got a boyfriend?\" \"No.\" \"Why not?\" I shrugged feeling a little uncomfortable with everyone's gaze on me. Thankfully Pest turned to Sam. \"You're quite fit you know. You got a boyfriend?\" \"Yeah.\" \"You sure about him? Cause he's not exactly lookin' after you tonight is he?\" \"He's in Ghana.\" \"You datin' an African man?\" \"No. He volunteers for the Red Cross. He's helping children out over there.\" \"Is it?\" He said again. \"Why can't he help children in Britain? Not exotic enough is it? Don't get no nice sun tan.\" I smirked. The guy had a point. Moses stood and moved over to inspect the smaller alien. I assumed it was the one they said they'd killed back in the park. \"Moses man, your hoodie's gone rave!\" Pest laughed. Frowning, I looked back at Moses and saw that he had splatter of something all over him that was glowing in the UV light. Brewis stood, inspecting both Moses and the alien. \"Maybe it's a pheromone?\" \"A what now?\" I asked, sitting up straighter. \"It's a scent. Insects use them to send messages. Maybe that one's a female and the others are male. Maybe that's how they find each other?\" \"You mean you think that's what they can smell?\" Sam asked. \"Moses, you said it feel out of the sky, right? Well maybe they like, drift through space on solar winds or something, like spores. And whatever planet they hit first, the female leaves a pheromone trail, then the males follow it to breed. Like bees, like beetles, like moths.\" \"Some fuckin' funny lookin' moth.\" Moses countered the theory. Brewis turned, glancing at the boys. He lifted one of the UV lamps and shone it over them. \"You're all covered in it. I bet if you took your clothes off they wouldn't even know you were there.\" \"You fancy us or something? You tryin' to get us naked?\" Pest grimaced causing me to chuckle once again. \"No. I'm trying to save your lives. And in answer to your earlier question...\" Brewis dug into his pocket and pulled out a packet of skins. \"Oh thank fuck!\" Pest took the skins as though they were the most fragile thing on earth. \"I swear I'll never cuss you again.\" As the spoke my stomach let out a loud grumble. Pest, Brewis and Jerome turned to look at me. \"What? I was going to get a take away earlier but then Gloria called me up to Tia's and well...Then you lot turned up. I'm hungry,\" I blushed and folded my arms over my stomach, \"Here.\" Brewis pushed his plastic bag over to me with a small smile. \"Legend.\" I grinned when I found a couple of chocolate bars and packets of crisps inside. I opened a bag of cheese and onion crisps while Pest took a Snickers bar. \"Sorry I messed up your eye man.\" He said as he tore the wrapper open with his teeth. \"That's OK. It's good actually. I'm gonna tell my dad I got beaten up and carjacked, so...It actually helps my story.\" \"Yeah?\" \"Yeah.\" \"I'll do the other one if you like?\" \"Nah, I'm fine thanks.\" \"Up to you.\" Pest shrugged moving off to pluck some buds for his joint. Still smiling I carried on eating the crisps, quelling the hunger in my stomach. \"How old are you Robyn?\" Jerome asked. \"Seventeen in three weeks.\" I said around a mouthful of food. \"Why?\" \"Just wondered.\" \"If we get out of this, you should come hang out with us.\" Dennis said. \"You seem pretty cool.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Everyone who touched that thing has either got murked or came close to it. Them feds after they touched me, Dennis and Jerome...Everyone who had the scent on them. So if they follow the smell on that, then...I can lead them.\" Moses was staring deadpan at the female alien. \"Where?\" \"Somewhere I can blow them up.\" My eyes widened. Blow them up?! \"Yes fam! Deffo! Blow them up!\" Pest grinned as he lit up his joint. \"I killed that thing. I brought it in the block. If I hadn't, no one would be dead or injured. I've gotta finish what I started.\" Pest sat back down next to me, letting out a mouthful of smoke as he did so. He held the joint out to me and I hesitated. The situation didn't seem right for smoking but boy did I want to. Sighing, I took it and took a large inhale before passing it back. It was a while until a plan was formed but eventually we were getting ready. Sam was changing into Brewis' jeans and hoodie since he didn't have the scent on him. Then she was going to sneak past the aliens, turn the gas on in Moses' flat and leave the building. Then Moses was going to run out, past the aliens with the female on his back so they follow him. Then once at his flat he was going to light a firework and blow the place up, jumping out of the window away from the blast. Jerome, Dennis, Pest, Brewis and I were then supposed to wait for a minute or two then get Ron and head to someone else's flat and say we'd been there all night. Brewis was currently checking Sam over, to ensure she had no blood or scent on her. \"I don't like this plan.\" I mumbled to Pest as he passed me the joint again. \"Not one bit.\" \"Why not?\" \"Moses could die.\" \"Nah. Moses is a ninja. He'll be sound.\" He took it back. \"What you worryin' about him for anyway? You only met us a few hours ago.\" \"There's something about being in a team against an alien invasion together that can really bond people together.\" \"You're tellin' me...\" He shifted so he was facing me head on now. \"You know, when this is all over we should go out sometime.\" \"What, down the park with a bottle of cider?\" \"Rah! Cold, man.\" \"I was joking...But what did you mean?\" I rifled through Brewis' plastic bag and found the last chocolate bar. \"I don't know. Just hang out or somethin'.\" \"Don't see why not.\" I split the bar in half and handed a piece to Pest. \"Gimme that ring.\" Moses said, looking at Pest. \"What ring man?\" Moses glared. \"Aw man, that's ours. Worth bare P's.\" Reluctantly Pest pulled the ring from his pocket and handed it over. A few moments later and Moses opened the door to let Sam out. Once she was out one of the creatures went to lunge through the door but luckily Moses' slammed it shut in time. I moved myself to the far corner of the room, taking the last of Pest's joint as I went. Sitting alone, letting my mind dwell on all the negative things that could happen if anything went even slightly wrong, my hands started shaking. Sam could have already been killed. Moses could end up dead. We could all end up dead. Or, by a slim chance, if we do make it out alive, we were more than likely going to get arrested. \"You alright, Robyn?\" I looked up to see Jerome watching me. I nodded shifting closer to the wall. I focused on picking the chipped green nail varnish on my nails. I heard odd footsteps coming closer and turned to see Pest limp over and sit down facing me. \"Why do you have blue hair?\" He took the remainders of the last of the joint, took one last drag and stubbed it out against the floor. I pulled a strand of my hair down in front of my eyes. It was a deep blue like the sky at night. I shrugged. \"Got bored of blonde I guess.\" \"You're blonde?\" \"Yeah. Most people assume I'm a bimbo so I dyed it.\" \"You'd look good blonde.\" \"Thanks. I might let the blue grow out. Or maybe try green.\" I smiled lightly as Pest laughed. \"So, who do you live in this shit hole with?\" \"My mum. Although she's usually out with some random most of the time. You?\" \"My nan.\" He didn't seem willing to elaborate on why so I didn't ask. I heard Moses say later into the phone and realized Sam must've set the trap. Jerome, Dennis and Brewis must've helped him strap the female onto Pest's rucksack and he was now stood with fireworks and sword in hand. \"Moses versus the monsters! Kill 'em. Kill all them things!\" \"Allow it.\" Moses took one glance over his shoulder at the boys. His boys. Practically his brothers that he was going to risk his life for. \"You're brave Moses. You're a fuckin' hero no matter what happens, you know that?\" I said standing up. \"Good luck.\"[Chapter 4] Title - Running For Life Chapter title - Laughter And Promises Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Sci-Fi Disclaimer - I do not own Attack The Block in anyway shape or form. I only own my original character, Robyn Hill. (And her mum.) A/n - I changed the ending a teeny weeny bit, because it works better for the fic. Please don't hate me. Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: The explosion was heard up in Ron's and we took that as our queue to head out. Even though we were sure the aliens had gone after Moses, I couldn't help but feel jumpy as we left the weed room. \"Calm down, they ain't here.\" Jerome whispered as he brushed past me. \"Where are we going?\" I asked. \"Who's flat?\" \"Mine, I want to make sure my Nan's alright.\" Pest answered. \"Alright. Which floor?\" \"Six.\" \"Huh...\" \"What?\" \"Nothing. You're only one floor up from me. Would've thought I'd have seen you around.\" \"You're the one who said you usually keep to yourself.\" Dennis reminded me. \"Here.\" Brewis handed me a rolling pin as he was clutching a wooden sweeping brush. \"What's this for?\" \"In-case there are any more of those things out there.\" \"A rolling pin?\" I frowned. \"What exactly am I supposed to do to an alien with a rolling pin, flatten 'em?\" Suppressing a laugh Pest handed me his metal bat and took the rolling pin for himself. \"Better?\" \"Much.\" I smiled and followed behind Dennis and Jerome out of the flat. As I passed the walk in cupboard I tapped the bat on the door. \"Ron, we're leaving now.\" The door was yanked open from the inside. \"Is it safe.\" \"Think so.\" Dennis answered. The hall was still full of smoke as we tiptoed down the passage way. \"Feel like I'm on stars in their eyes.\" I mumbled attempting to ease the tense tightening in my stomach. \"I hope Matthew is by the lift.\" \"Who are you gonna be tonight?\" \"Tonight Jerome, I am going to be...\" \"Jedward.\" Dennis interrupted me with a laugh. \"I'm one girl how can I do Jedward?\" \"I'll team up with you but I'm not doing my hair.\" Pest laughed, squinting as though to see better through the fog. Eventually we reached the lifts and headed down to Pest's flat. The six of us were silent and I used a hand to cover a yawn. \"Tired?\" \"It's been a long night.\" I leant my head on the back wall of the lift and closed my eyes. \"You can sleep when we get to mine.\" \"Thanks.\" I heard someone let out a laugh and then someone hit someone else and then lots of muffled whispering. When I opened my eyes, Pest was facing the doors with his jaw clenched and the others seemed to be holding back smirks. Shaking my head I re-closed my eyes. Boys are odd. When we reached Pest's flat, he hushed us all as he unlocked the door. We followed him inside in silence, hiding our weapons from view. \"Alright Nana?\" \"Hello darling. Who are all these people?\" Pest's Nana was small but healthy looking. She didn't look frail like most old women. \"Just a few friends Nana. We're gonna chill in my room for a little while alright? We won't be too loud.\" \"Alright then. I might go to bed soon anyway.\" \"Alright, nan.\" Pest leant over the back of the sofa, placing a soft kiss to his Nana's head before gesturing for us to follow him. His room was average sized and kind of messy. Clothes on the floor instead of the wardrobe or wash basket, x-box games by the tv instead of on the shelf, the bed wasn't made... Exactly the kind of thing you'd expect to find in a teen boys room. Spotting a bean bag beneath the window, I made a bee line for it. Once I was seated I lifted the hood on my jacket, slumped down low and close my eyes. I woke up to the sound of a loud television. It sounded like the news so I groaned and rolled over, only to land on the floor. Frowning, I sat up and found myself in someone else's room. As I rubbed my eyes the memories of the night came back to me. The bedroom was empty save for myself. Silently, I opened the door a crack to see Pest's Nana watching the television as she had been when we came here. I turned back to try and find a clock but there wasn't one. I tried checking my phone but it was dead. Pest was no where to be seen. I stepped out of the bedroom and went into the living room. \"Oh, hello love.\" Pest's Nana stood up with a warm smile. \"You must be Robyn. Pest's gone out, he told me to give you this.\" She handed me a small folded bit of paper. \"Thanks.\" 'Robin.' I pouted a little at the misspelling of my name. 'Moses got taken in by the feds. Sam's down there now telling them he was protecting her but we need to back her up. They'll never believe me and the lads on our own. When you wake up can you come down here too? We need all the help we can get. Especially since he was caught with some white before the shit hit the fan. Pest. x' \"Thank you...Erm...\" \"Pearl.\" \"Thanks Pearl.\" I headed for the front door. \"Don't you want a cup of tea?\" \"No thank you. Bye.\" I ran out of the building as fast as I could, running to the nearest taxi rank and catching a taxi to the police station. Jerome was stood outside when I arrived. \"Jerome!\" I called as I payed the driver with the money mu had given me for a takeaway. \"Robyn, what you doin' here?\" As I neared him I saw the bandaged taped to his cheek covering the wound from the alien. \"Pest asked me to come. Says you could do with some help for Moses.\" \"Yeah but...I mean you barely know us.\" Jerome seemed bemused. \"Like I said to Pest, there's something about an alien invasion that can really bond people together. Moses is a hero.\" If you'd had come to be a few days ago and said soon I'll be fighting aliens with people I'd never met and then trying to get one of them out of jail, I'd have laughed in your face. And yet here I was sat with the chief inspector with a tape machine recording my every last word. \"And your full name please.\" Said the inspector. \"Robyn Hill.\" \"Where do you live?\" \"Wyndham Tower. Fifth floor with my mum. Susan.\" The inspector noted something down. \"Right.\" He took a deep breath and looked at me with his tired eyes. \"Why did you insist on speaking with me.\" And here it was. The moment where I was going to have to try and guilt trip him into letting go of the drug charges and bargain with him to get Moses out. \"Moses is in here for everything that happened in the ends last night, yeah?\" \"Possession, murder, armed robbery and-\" \"He's not guilty.\" I interrupted. \"He was caught with white powder in a cigarette box.\" I sighed. \"Look, Sam is our neighbor. He didn't mug her you can even ask her that.\" \"We did, but it's likely for people like her to be intimidated by people like him.\" \"People like him? You mean people who can't afford to live in a nicer area so they do what they can to get by in the ends. On estates all over England kids end up getting into crime cause people like you don't trust them enough to give them a chance. If Moses had white on him it wasn't out of choice. Hi-Hattz probably told him to get it sold. And if you live on the block when Hi-Hattz says jump you don't even ask how high, you just jump and hope it's good enough.\" Again, he scribbled something down on his notepad. \"You've seen those things in the block, yeah? The big black things with glowing aren't from this planet, they're the things that killed your police officers last night. They nearly got Jerome and Dennis. Moses has cuts on his face, Pest had a bite wound in his leg. They even got Hi-Hattz.\" \"The aliens.\" \"Don't say aliens like that. If I was making stuff up to get Moses out of here I'd come up with something more convincing that aliens.\" I leant back in my chair, hoping I was doing enough to get Moses out. \"And something else, why would I risk my own freedom by coming in here and lying. I only met Moses last night when he and the others helped me not get eaten.\" \"I think we're done here Miss Hill.\" \"Listen...\" I added as he switched the recorder off. \"You don't want to cause a national wave of hysteria over aliens right? We won't say a word to anyone, if we get Moses back.\" \"Are you trying to blackmail me?\" \"No. Just telling you the truth is all.\" I stood from my chair and left, leaving the disgruntled inspector behind. I found Dennis and Jerome in the reception area with a boy with afro style hair. \"Where's Pest?\" \"With Sam talking to Moses. Only two of us allowed to speak to him at a time.\" Dennis said as I sat beside him. \"This is Biggz. Biggz this is Robyn.\" \"Alright.\" He smiled and nodded. \"I think we might be able to get him out but only if we don't say anything about the aliens.\" \"What like cover the whole thing up?\" I nodded as Sam came into view through a side door. She smiled as she approached and all three of us stood up. \"He's fine.\" Was all she said. It was all she needed to say. Pest emerged behind her with one crutch in hand. I smiled when I saw him although I couldn't fathom why I was so happy to see him. \"Robyn, you came.\" \"Yeah. I've spoken to the inspector.\" \"What'd you say?\" The four of us left the station as I told them pretty much word for word what I'd said in the interview room. \"I don't know if he's going to let him go yet, but he seemed to want to cover the whole thing up. And I don't blame him really. If this gets out the whole country is going to simultaneously shit their pants.\" \"You're amazing you know that?\" Pest smiled. Again I heard the muffled laughter or Dennis and Jerome. Biggz looked just as confused as I did at whatever they were laughing at. And Sam had a smile on her face. \"What is wrong with them?\" I asked, moving to walk next to Pest. \"I'll tell you later.\" \"Alright. How's your leg anyway?\" \"I had some stitches and stuff and had it all washed out. The crutch is just for a few days cause it stings a bit. The skins a bit tight.\" \"Well, at least you're alive, eh?\" \"True say.\" As we approached the block, I suddenly remembered the one thing I hadn't thought about all night. My mum. \"Robyn! Where the hell have you been? I get a phone call from out neighbor about some kind of hostage situation going on here and you don't answer your bloody phone!\" She was marching towards me now, still in her black dress but her shoes were gone. \"It died. I was going to call you, I was just...Busy.\" \"Busy? Too busy to let your mother know your safe?\" \"Yeah or too busy to stay in at home with your daughter.\" I shot back, angry that she was embarrassing me in front of my new friends. \"Don't start.\" \"I'll see you later.\" I said, turning to the others. \"No you won't. You're grounded.\" \"Like you'll be home long enough to enforce that.\" I grumbled as I stomped past her and into the building. \"You know I really don't understand you.\" I hit the button for the lift, noticing that one was cordoned off by police tape. Must've been the one Brewis said was full of bits of dead people. \"One day you're telling me I should go out and have fun and now you're freaking out at me.\" \"I just wanted to know you were safe.\" \"Like I said, my phone died. Not my fault.\" \"Charge it!\" \"I wasn't home, I was at Pest's place.\" \"Pest?\" Suddenly her mood changed. \"Boyfriend?\" \"No.\" \"One nighter?\" \"What? Oh god mum no, I have some respect for myself.\" We arrived on our floor and headed straight into the flat. I shedded my jacket and went to my room, finding my charger and plugging my phone in. \"There, it's on charge. Happy?\" \"I'd be happier if you spoke to me about this Pest.\" She went into the kitchen and flicked the kettle on. \"What his real name?\" \"Uh...I don't know. I only met him last night.\" \"How'd you meet?\" \"It's a very long, very unbelievable story.\" I mumbled. \"He came to Tia's with his friends.\" I said louder hoping it'd appease her sudden interest in my private life. \"Oh, friend of a friend.\" \"I don't think so. Tia didn't seem so keen. More like friend of a friend of a friend. Although now he's just a friend.\" Mum pushed a cup of tea towards me in my 'Best daughter' mug. \"I miss this.\" She said quietly. \"Just talking about things with you.\" \"You're always out.\" \"I know. But when I'm not you're always in your room.\" \"That's you're fault for getting me a laptop last Christmas.\" I smiled. \"So you weren't in any danger last night?\" \"No. Promise.\" There was no way she'd believe me if I told her anyway. \"I chilled at Tia's for a bit then up at Ron's and then to Pest's.\" \"And you slept at Pest's did you?\" \"Yes. On a bean bag with his Nana in the next room. Get your mind out of the gutter.\" Some people would find conversations like this with their mum embarrassing but for me she was more of a sister. She had me young so she was only fourteen years older than me. At a few months to thirty she was still young and even younger at heart. I guess now she was just living her teenage years since she was looking after me when she was actually a teenager. \"I promise to stay in more. Not all the time I want some fun too but just a bit more as long as you promise to talk to me more.\" \"Promise.\" \"Good. Now why don't you go to Pest's place. Give him a kiss from me.\" ","Summary":" Title - Running For Life Chapter title - Saving Young Den Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Protected","Author":"WhiskeyWriting","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8409110","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Moses said \"Later,\" Sam didn't realize how right he was. Not wanting to stay in her apartment with a temporary \"door,\" Sam had gone into work that morning to find Moses and Pest being treated while guarded by several police escorts.[Chapter 2] The first time Pest came over she was definitely surprised, but given the circumstance pretty grateful to have somebody she could not talk to about that night. When he left dropping a kiss on the top of her head with a \"night, Sam.\" She didn't even question his intentions.[Chapter 3] When Dennis and Jerome were buried she attended the services and stood near the back of the crowd by a young guy with big hair. She didn't realize who he was, but he definitely knew who she was. And when she started crying as the caskets were lowered into the ground Biggz was crying too. When she stayed behind so did he, if they trusted her, then he would too. He walked her home, he felt like he needed to protect her and when they found Pest outside of her apartment slumped to the ground they worked together to pull him back up.[Chapter 4] When he showed up at the hospital as she was getting off from work a few weeks later, she told him he could sleep on the couch until he figured things out. It was nice to have somebody to walk home from work with and it became a bit of a habit; he protected her. ","Summary":" When Moses said \"Later,\" Sam didn't realize how right he was. Not wanting to stay in her apartmen"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Back On The Block (Hiatus)","Author":"OblivionsGarden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8821461","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title - Back On The Block Chapter title - It's Happening Again Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Sci-Fi Disclaimer - I do not own Attack The Block in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters. For this chapter, Ruby and Jasper. Summary - Post film. The boys think it's just another normal day when they head to Ron's for the evening. That is until they find the corpse on his living room floor. The aliens are back and with the help of Pest's long time crush, it's time to save the block again. (Pest/OC) A/n - I watched ATB for the first time a few days ago. I've watched it three times since. It's so god damn good. I started one other Pest/Oc fic yesterday and posted it up but I had two ideas for fics and couldn't decide whether to make them into one long story or two separate ones. Obviously, I've made two separate ones just because both the new characters I thought of where too different to put into the same story. Anyway, that was unimportant and I'm rambling. So, enjoy. Also, Jerome and Dennis are alive because I like them too much not too include them. Sorrynotsorry. Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: \"Come, fam. We'll chill at Ron's then head off.\" \"And go home stinkin' of weed. Mum will love that.\" \"Calm down Biggz, we'll spray you with fabreeze first.\" Pest laughed along with Moses and the others as they walked into the building. They stood before the lifts, Jerome pressing the button,and waiting for it to land. As the thick silver doors opened, Dennis smirked elbowing Moses and nodding to Pest, who was leant against the wall and facing the opposite direction. He had not yet seen who was on the other side of the doors. \"Alright guys.\" The young girl stepped out of the lift, moving her battered skateboard to rest in her left hand. At the sound of her voice, Pest turned. a small smirk on his face. \"Alright Ruby.\" It was no secret that Pest fancied Ruby. Ever since he went to Ron's place and found her laughing about something on the television with Brewis. \"Pest.\" She nodded and brushed past the group of lads. \"When are we goin' on that date then?\" Pest called as she moved towards the front door. \"Not any time soon.\" She sent the comment over her shoulder, not daring to let the cocky boy see her pink cheeks. \"Cold!\" Pest chuckled. \"I'll wear you down eventually!\" \"See you later.\" Ruby ignored his last comment and left the building, mounting her skateboard as soon as the door swung shut behind her. \"You are never gonna get that.\" Dennis laughed at his friend. \"You watch, bruv. She is gonna cave one day. Trust.\" Pest shook his head, hitting the familiar ' 19 ' button on the lift wall. They made their way to Ron's in their usual loud manner. When Ron answered he seemed reluctant to let the boys in. \"What's goin' on?\" Moses frowned. He knew it was nothing to do with Hi-Hatz. Hi-Hatz was dead and Ron ran the business now. Admittedly business was smaller but it suited Ron better. With a sigh, Ron stepped back and opened the door. Now filled with curiosity the boys bustled through the door to see what was wrong with their friend. Jerome saw it first. \"Jesus Christ!\" He took a quick step back, bumping into Moses. The boys stepped around him, to stare at what had shocked him so much. \"Fam, what the fuck is that?\" Dennis turned to Ron. Ron shrugged. \"His girlfriend brought it up.\" He nodded in Pest's direction. \"Who?\" \"Ruby.\" Ron dropped into his armchair, pulling out a cigarette. \"Dragged it from her mate Jasper's house in a black bag.\" \" That fit in a black bag?\" Biggz shook his head in disbelief. \"Well...The bottom was hanging out. Police stopped her once but she told 'em it was a college project.\" \"Dead?\" Moses moved forward, closer to the... Thing . \"Deader than dead. There's a knife in it's head.\" Moses knelt beside it, memories flooding back into his mind and he was sure the same was happening to everyone else in the room. \"Where was Ruby going?\" \"Back to Jasper's. He called her ranting about something eating Rocky.\" \"Rocky?\" \"His dog.\" Dennis clenched his fists. \"Them things ate Pogo.\" He thought of his dog, innocently running across the park to find the source of noise and winding up being the alien's dinner. \"Yeah. But Rocky's a Doberman.\" Ron said. \"They'd have to be bigger than those black things to eat a Doberman.\" He gestured now to the corpse lying on the floor between his sofas. Bigger than the aliens they'd seen before. Twice the size and a dirty off white colour. Pieces of hair hung off in random patches. It's arms and legs were long and gangly, the bones pushing against the thin sheet of skin. It's head was long and rougher than sandpaper, again without eyes but with a huge set of alarmingly sharp teeth. This time, it's teeth were pitch black, a stark contrast to it's pale body. \"Fam...It looks like the first one. That we killed on the park...Just bigger.\" Pest commented. \"If Ruby's gone to Jasper's and there's another one there...\" \"No, no, no. Don't worry about that. This is the one she killed at Jasper's. I think he just found Rocky's body is all. She said she was going to calm him down. He loved the dog apparently.\" Ron explained, reclining in his chair now. \"Don't you worry. Get yourselves a joint, and relax. She's coming back here after she's seen to Jasper.\" The boys did as Ron said but unlike most of the time, the weed did nothing to stop them thinking the worst. They were all thinking it, even Ron. It was happening again. Aliens were back on the block.[Chapter 2] Title - Back On The Block Chapter title - Back In The Weed Room Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Sci-Fi Disclaimer - I do not own Attack The Block in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters. For this chapter, Ruby and Jasper. A/n - Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: Ruby Wilson pressed her cold finger to the doorbell of her long time friend Jasper's house. She stood, faintly amused at the white steam her breath against the air made, thinking of the beast she'd just delivered to Ron's flat. Stuck in her daydream, she was alarmed by the trembling hand that shot out of the doorway, grabbed a fistful of her blue hoodie and dragged her inside. \"Mate, what the fuck?\" Ruby pushed Jasper away, shutting the front door behind her. \"There's another one. One of those fucking things in the garden and Rocky's dead, I just found his head by the patio doors and I can hear the thing fucking growling in the bushes. I don't know what to do, I can't call the police they'll find my stash upstairs and-\" Ruby ignored Jasper's ramblings and pushed her jaw length, ebony hair away from her face. She moved past the panicking man and headed into the darkened kitchen. She lifted a hand to turn the light on but Jasper slapped it away. \"Do you want it to fucking see us?\" Shaking her head Ruby continued on, leaning against the kitchen counter and peering out through the silver blinds in the window. \"There's nothing there man.\" She said, still peering through. The garden was empty save for random patches of crimson blood. Some she knew was from where she's managed to plunge the kitchen knife into the beasts head. The other blood, she presumed was from Rocky. The only movement in the garden was the leaves being jostled by the heavy wind. Jasper joined Ruby at her side, taking one look through the blinds and stepping back. \"In the bushes. Why can't you see it.\" Squinting now,as though it'd better her eyesight, Ruby looked into the bushes. Then she saw it. The glinting silver threads of light hitting the black of the teeth. She gulped, as the thing moved forward but found herself unable to move away from the blinds. Then it ran. Straight at her faster than she could comprehend. It smashed through the window, sending her toppling backward into the kitchen island. She jumped back up, took a millisecond to gather her bearings and grabbed Jasper. \"Run!\" She shouted. They both ran for the front door, pulling pieces of furniture out behind them to delay the creature. Ruby just remembered to grab her skateboard as they pelted out of the driveway. They ran flat out down the backstreets where Jasper had resided for the past year. Their feet hurt from pounding against the pavements but with the snarling from behind them they didn't slow. Ruby grimaced as the freezing winter air whipped around her face. \"Ruby!\" Jasper's scream was anguished and she stopped, turning and spotting him on the floor. He was trying to climb to his feet but had seemingly twisted his ankle, leaving him unable to stand. Ruby ran forward but the creature got to him first. As she came within two steps of Jasper, his blood was sprayed across her face and chest. A soft gurgle remained in his throat as the life drained out of him. Knowing it was too later for him, Ruby once again mounted her skateboard and sped off down the street. The creature was literally inches away as she approached the main road. She rode along side cars until a pick-up made it way past. She clutched tightly onto the bed of the truck, speeding up with it. The creature stayed at the backstreet for a second before dissapearing into the night. Ruby didn't dare slow down. A horn honked behind her and she heard someone call her name. Turning she found Brewis leaning out the window of his dad's car. \"Open the door!\" She shouted. Brewis slowed his car, opening the passenger side door. Ruby let go of the truck, dodged out of the way and grabbed Brewis' door. She climbed inside, leaving her skateboard behind in the road. She slammed the door shut and stared ahead. \"I was going to Ron's...I-\" Brewis noticed the blood covering the girl now. \"Yeah. Ron's.\" She squoze her eyes shut trying to ignore the metallic smell of blood under her nose. Flashes of Jasper's anguished face flashed into her mind, torturing her. She darted her tongue out along her lips that had been dried by the wind only to taste the copper blood. Jasper's blood. Her best friends blood. \"I'm gonna be sick.\" She murmured. \"Uh...Oh shit. Hold on.\" Brewis made a speedy stop at the side of the road and Ruby ran out into an alleyway. She doubled over, emptying the contents of her stomach over the floor. When she felt safe enough to get back in the car without vomiting again she returned to Brewis. Within ten minutes they were outside the block of flats. Brewis turned to Ruby unsure of what to say. He still didn't know what had happened unable to get the girl to talk to him. \"Do you want me to-\" \"No.\" Ruby unbuckled her seat belt and climbed out of the car leaving Brewis to scramble around to follow her. Ruby walked thoughtlessly into the building, climbing into the lift allowing just enough time for Brewis to slip in before she pushed the 19 button. When the lift landed she continued on to Ron's door and knocked. \"Alri-\" Ron stopped mid word as he saw the blood. \"What happened?\" He asked opening the door. Ruby and Brewis went inside, Brewis still confused. \"Shit! Rubes, what's going on?\" Pest jumped up from his place on the sofa moving forward. Ruby stepped back. \"Jasper's dead.\" She felt the bile rising in her throat again and sped into the bathroom, locking the door behind her. She could hear them talking between them in hushed panic voices. She turned the taps on full to block out the noise. Looking up she saw herself, the bright blood in stark contrast to her pale skin. Bits of her hair were stuck to her face from sweat. Her hoodie and tee shirt were soaked. \"Ruby?\" Pest's voice drifted beneath the door, louder than the running water. \"Do you need anything?\" She coughed to clear her throat, finding it difficult to talk. \"Clothes. I need clean clothes.\" \"Right, Gimme a sec.\" She heard his footsteps fade. She stripped off her hoodie and tee shirt and then her jeans when she found small red spots of blood on her thighs. Five minutes later there was a knock at the door. \"Ruby?\" She grabbed a towel to cover herself and opened the door a crack. \"I got some of my old stuff that doesn't fit anymore. It should fit you I think.\" Pest held up a bundle of clothes. \"Thanks.\" Ruby took the clothes and shut the door. She found a flannel under the sink and covered it in warm water. She cleaned off the blood, sweat and dirt before turning to the clothes. A pair of dark grey jeans with a rip in the knee, they were baggy on her small frame but not so much to fall down. The tee shirt was blue and loose and the hoodie, black and large. She slipped her trainers back on, brushed her hair away from her face and left the bathroom, leaving her bloody clothes in the bathtub. \"Ruby...What happened?\" Moses shifted on the sofa so she could sit between him and Pest. \"One of those things was in his garden.\" She nodded to the corpse that was still lay in the middle of the room. \"It came through the window so we ran but Jasper twisted his ankle when he fell and I didn't get back to him in time.\" She stopped short, ignoring Jasper's face when it flashed in front of her eyes. \"Why are they back though, Fam?\" Biggz asked. \"Back? What do you mean back?\"Ruby frowned. \"You never told her?\" Brewis looked between the boys. \"Told me what?\" \"About two months ago, they block was attacked by aliens.\" Brewis answered for them. \"Big fucking, hairy black aliens with glowing blue teeth and no eyes.\" \"Aliens?\" \"They fell from the sky. On bonfire night.\" Jerome added. \"You've got to be kidding me.\" \"Where do you think Moses got those scars, fam. And Jerome's on his neck. Alien scratches, alien bites.\" Dennis clenched and unclenched his jaw. \"The feds made us cover it up. Didn't want to cause no panic. It was either that or go to prison for everything that happened in the ends that night. Shit, one of 'em nearly killed me!\" Ruby stood from her seat of the sofa. \"Your limp that just suddenly appeared?\" She looked at Pest and he nodded. He pulled up the leg of his jeans, showing the still red scars of the bite. \"But...You said they're big and black. This is huge and white.\" She tapped the corpse with the toe of her trainers. \"We've been talking.\" Said Jerome. \"They look similar to the others, maybe the same species or somethin'. We think they're here cause we killed the others.\" \"Killed them? How?\" The boys went into telling the whole story of bonfire night including all the gritty details. Pest felt a pang of shame as he retold the mugging of Sam. Ruby didn't bat an eyelid. \"So now they're back...We can't just blow up a fucking flat again.\" Ruby dropped back onto the sofa beside Pest. \"What do we do?\" \"Well, they can't be that hard to kill. You killed this one, right.\" Biggz asked. \"By sheer luck. It was going for Jasper whilst he let Rocky out for a shit. It didn't see me coming. The one that killed Jasper was too fast. I had to hold onto a truck whilst on my skateboard to get away from it.\" \"We get tooled up and-\" \"And what? Fight them? We don't even know how many there are Dennis.\" The whole group jumped as a load thud sounded at the door. \"The fuck was that?\" Ron moved to the door, looking through the spy hole in top. He gulped and stepped backwards. \"Four of 'em.\" \"Weed room. Now!\" Moses ushered everyone into the weed room and barricaded the door. Once again the block was being attacked by aliens and once again the gang were locked in Ron's weed room without a plan.[Chapter 3] Title - Back On The Block Chapter title - The Plan Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Sci-Fi Disclaimer - I do not own Attack The Block in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters. For this chapter, Ruby. A/n - Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: The growling of the creatures was the only thing piercing the thick silence that had engulfed the gang. Ron was sat silently in the far corner, Brewis sat on top of one of the many tables, Biggz and Dennis sat together, leant against the wall, Moses and Jerome sat opposite them, Pest was listening at the door to alarm them if any aliens came too close to the door and Ruby was sat cross legged in the middle of the room. \"What do we do now?\" Biggz asked. \"We sit in here, safe, until we think of a plan.\" Moses answered. \"Pest come away from the door, fam. You're making me edgy,\" Pest did as Moses said, moving instead to sit beside Ruby. He contemplated putting his arm around her shoulder but after remembering the elbow in the ribs he received last time he thought better of it. \"Are you alright?\" He asked instead. \"I just watched my best friend die. I'm peachy.\" \"Sorry.\" Ruby sighed. \"No. I am. I shouldn't snap. Sorry.\" \"Ruby Wilson apologizing to me? Never thought I'd see the day.\" \"Shut up.\" She smiled and playfully slapped his leg. \"Here.\" She pulled out a packet of skins from her pocket. \"You roll better than I do.\" \"That's more like the Ruby I know.\" Pest shuffled over to pluck some buds to make themselves a joint. Half an hour later and Ruby was lay on her back with her head resting in Pest's lap. Pest himself was looking smugly at his friends. \"So, while we're here up shit creek without a paddle...Why won't you go on a date with me?\" Ruby groaned, pulling the roll up from Pest's lips. \"Awkward.\" \"Why?\" \"Well it's alright hanging out and whatever but as soon as you get on a date it's like, now you have to impress each other and you're in full awareness of the attraction. It makes me feel awkward.\" Rub sighed blowing smoke up into the air. \"Were you scared? You know, last time they came?\" \"I was shittin' myself.\" Pest took the roll up back. \"Especially at Tia's when they got hold of Den...I thought they were gonna crack his neck. And when we were in the hall and they grabbed Jerome.\" \"Lucky they had you and Moses to help 'em out, eh?\" \"It's not your fault. The things we dealt with were fast and if these are faster there's no way you could've saved Jasper.\" \"Yeah...\" Ruby sat up, rubbing her eyes with the heels of her hands. \"Anyone got any plans yet?\" She asked. No one answered. \"Do you really think they're back just cause you killed those others?\" \"It's the only thing we could think of.\" Dennis said. Ruby stood and started pacing, trying to think of someway to get out of this huge mess. Preferably without anyone else dying. As she went further toward the back of the room her foot hit something hard and sent it rolling beneath the desk. She just caught a brief glimpse of a blue spherical object. Frowning, she knelt down, tilting her head to see what it was. She spotted it near the back leg of the table and leant forward to retrieve it. \"Holy shit.\" She breathed. \"What?\" \"They aren't here for you.\" She twisted the ball in hand. It was covered in a gooey substance all over and through the thick casing she could just make out something small and white with tiny pitch black teeth. It was curled up inside, no bigger than a golf ball. \"What is that, fam?\" Biggz asked, straining his neck to see. \"I think it's an egg.\" \"An egg?\" \"The female you killed. Where abouts was it in here?\" \"Uhhh...\" Moses frowned, trying to remember. \"About there, where you are now on the table.\" Ruby tilted her head again, looking now at the underside of the table. She found a nest of eggs, all stuck to the underside with the gooey liquid. \"Here...\" She handed the egg to Moses before turning and pulling Pest's trademark hat from his head. Returning to the table she started gently pulling the eggs from each other and dropping them into the hat. \"I bet you anything that they're after these eggs. How else would they know to come here? Why would you still have the scent on you after so long?\" \"It was already pregnant when we killed it?\" Jerome found himself wanting to vomit. \"Well now what?\" Brewis asked coming closer to look at the eggs. \"We give them what they want.\" \"What? Like...Go out there and just give them the eggs? You'll get savaged.\" \"Not if you're calm about it, Brewis.\" Ruby took the other egg from Moses and placed it in the hat. \"Haven't you ever seen Jurassic Park three? One dude steals an egg but they the chick gives it back. Nice and calm on the floor.\" \"The only reason they didn't kill her is because another Dino called 'em!\" Jerome took the hat from her grasp and handed it Pest. \"You ain't goin' out there, you'll die.\" \"Pest, give them to me.\" She held out her hand expectantly. \"No.\" Pest moved the hat behind his back. \"Pest don't be a dick.\" \"No, Ruby I'm not gonna let you go out there and get eaten!\" \"If you don't then we all get eaten! We don't have another plan, Pest! Give me the fucking eggs!\" Ron, now pleased at the thought of possibly getting out of here, moved silently from his corner and over to Pest. Whilst the pair were arguing he snatched the hat from Pest's grasp and handed them to Ruby. \"What the fuck?\" Pest was livid. \"Do you want her to die?\" \"No, but she's right. We don't have another plan.\" \"But-\" \"Pest...Let her go.\" Moses moved forward now. \"Ruby's smart. She'll be fine.\" \"Thank you, Moses.\" With shaking hands Ruby moved over to the door, clutching the handle nervously. Just as she was about to pull the door open, Pest stopped her. \"Please, Rubes...You don't have to do this we can think of something else.\" \"Pest-\" \"What if you don't come back?\" \"I have to come back.\" Pest frowned as Ruby smiled a little. \"We have that date, remember?\" And with that simple promise left hanging in the air, Ruby opened the door, slipped out of the small gap and pulled it shut behind her. Now, she was face to face with alot of very big, very angry looking aliens.[Chapter 4] Title - Back On The Block Chapter title - Letting Go Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Romance/Sci-Fi Disclaimer - I do not own Attack The Block in anyway shape or form. I only own my original characters. For this chapter, Ruby. A/n - Please read and review, I'd greatly appreciate it. Hope you enjoy, xx (: \"I don't like this.\" Pest grumbled. He continued to press his ear against the inside of the door, listening for any noise to give him an excuse to go after Ruby. \"No one does, Pest.\" Biggz moved to stand beside him, becoming to agitated to sit in one place. \"No one except Jerome tried to stop her.\" Pest ground his teeth together. \"Come on, you know what Ruby's like.\" Brewis spoke up. \"She's more stubborn than all of us put together. If she says she's going out there, she's going out there.\" Pest smiled a little. \"That's true. There never has been much to stop her doing what she wants.\" \"Exactly. So just listen out in-case she needs us.\" \"You got your date, anyway.\" Moses smirked. \"Shut up, man.\" Pest turned back to the door. \"Ah look, he's gone all red.\" Dennis laughed. \"Don't know why. After so long of tryin' to get her to go out with you.\" Jerome shook his head. \"And all it took was a bunch of aliens.\" Ron commented. \"Funny that.\" Meanwhile, in Ron's living room, Ruby was struggling to control her rapid breathing. Her heart was pounding in her ears as she inched her way along, back pressed to the wall. So far nothing bad had happened. The aliens were facing her, she imagined if they had eyes, they'd be glaring. She knew they could obviously smell the eggs, still contained inside Pest's hat. \"Come on, Ruby.\" She whispered to herself. \"You're fine.\" When she reached the center of the room, she slid down the wall until she was knelt before the creatures. She moved the hat in front of her, causing one of the aliens to move forward with a growl. Ruby let out a gasp, shuffling backwards on her knees. Slowly this time, she moved the hat forward, gently pouring out the eggs onto the floor. Shakily she pushed them forward and then sat back on her knees. One of the creatures moved forward, sniffing at the eggs, then closer to Ruby, sniffing the air around her. Bending it's head low, it opened it's jaw and lifted a few of the eggs into it's mouth. Three other creatures did like wise before they pounced through the window, smashing it and dissapearing off, down the side of the building. Only one creature remained now, circling Ruby as though she were it's prey. As the inside of her cheeks began to water as though she were about to throw up, she darted a hand forward, scooping up Pest's hat and clutching it tightly in her fist. Unfortunately the fast movement of her arm angered the creature and it swiped one of it's large claws forward. Ruby felt the sharp claws slash the skin on one side of her face and one claw tear the flesh on her neck. She felt the blood spurt out and lifted the hat in her hands to stop the flow. She watched the creature disappear through the window and glanced quickly around to make sure there were no more. With one last breath before she collapsed into the blackness swimming into her vision she screamed a name. \"PEST!\" \"PEST!\" Her scream was muffled by the door but it was heard and Pest was running through the flat within a second. He collapsed to his knees, finding the hat that was now discarded on the floor and pressing it against her neck wound. \"Call an ambulance!\" He shouted over his shoulder. The blood from her neck had soaked his hat and was now on his trembling hand. \"NOW!\" Moses jumped into action, immediately pulling out his mobile and dialing 999. \"I need an ambulance my friends bleeding from her face and her neck...Wyndham Tower Block, floor 19...I'll send someone down to wait at the door. She was...\" Moses faltered. If he said aliens they'd think it was some kind of prank call. \"Attacked. I don't know what it was.\" He lied. He knelt beside Pest now, listening to the woman on the line. \"Keep pressure on the wound.\" \"I am, she won't stop bleeding.\" Pest was frantic, not knowing what to do. \"Jerome go down and wait at the door for the ambulance. Biggz go to the first floor and see if Sam's home. She can help until they get here.\" A few minutes later and Biggz returned with Sam who was carrying a first aid kit. Pest sunk to the floor feeling useless as Sam used wads of cotton wool and bandages to cover the wound. There were five long scratches across Ruby's face. One above her eyebrow, one across her eye that had cut the eye lid, one from the side of the nose and across the cheek, one across the bottom lip and chin and the worst one, was the deep one across the bottom of her jaw and neck. \"Is she gonna die?\" Pest's voice cracked when he spoke and it was only now that Moses noticed the streaks of tears down his friends cheeks. Sam looked up, her eyes saying everything. \"I don't know.\" \"I've said it before man, Ruby's smart and stubborn. She promised she'd be back and she will.\" Moses hooked his arm beneath Pest's and pulled him to his feet. \"Give her a reason to come back.\" Pest swiped the sleeve of his jacket across his face. \"You're such a pussy.\" He forced a smile as Jerome came running into the flat, three paramedics behind him. \"Is there anyone who should be called?\" The nurse asked, clutching to her clipboard. \"No. Ruby doesn't really talk to her family anymore.\" Pest answered whilst trying to stay still in his seat. Ruby had been taken straight into the emergency room so they could try to stop the bleeding, stitch her up and restore all the blood she's lost. Sam had gone with the doctors so she could tell the boys of her condition. She figured they'd rather hear it from a friend than a random doctor. When she finally came out, Pest was straight on his feet and marching over to her. \"She's stable but unconscious.\" \"Well when will she be conscious?\" \"We don't know. All we can do is wait for her to wake up.\" Sam sighed. \"She's going to have scarring on her face.\" \"I don't care.\" \"She might, so be considerate.\" Sam pulled something out of a small plastic bag. \"Here, I had this washed for you.\" Pest's hat was cleaner than he had ever remembered it being. \"Can we see her?\" He asked taking the hat from her. \"Sure. Follow me.\" Ruby looked small against the stark white sheets of the bed. One side of her face was covered in dressing, along with her neck. \"One of the cuts hit her eye so her vision may suffer. But we won't know for sure until she wakes up.\" Sam gave a sympathetic smile and left the boys alone. Pest dragged a large armchair from the corner of the room to the side of Ruby's bed. He forgot now, of his usual masculine pretenses around his friend and reached forward to take Ruby's hand. \"She'll be alright you know.\" Jerome broke the silence. \"She always is.\" \"I know.\" Pest answered. That was all that was said for the rest of the day. When it came the time for the boys to leave, Pest hid in the bathroom. He sent a text to Dennis informing him he was staying with Ruby for the night. He caught Sam in the hall and asked her to make sure no one kicked him out. She promised to do what she could. Again, Pest sat beside Ruby, her cold hand in his warm. \"C'mon Rubes, wake up.\" Pest pulled his hat from his pocket and placed it inside her right hand. \"Can't make that date if you don't.\" With a small smile Pest slumped down in his seat, ready to wait for her to open her eyes. Soon the lack of sleep overwhelmed him and he succumbed to unconsciousness. ","Summary":" Title - Back On The Block Chapter title - It's Happening Again Author - OblivionsGarden Genre - Rom"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"Unheard Pleas","Author":"Stewthewriter1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7112832","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Unheard Pleas Chapter 1 Hancock, well that's a guy. Sort of like Superman really, but without the cape...and with lots of attitude too. You see not a million years ago the real life 'super hero' relocated here to the Big Apple from L.A, telling us some sob story about a finding another like him and not being able to be around her because he might die. That's complete baloney as I figured the City of Angels had finally lost patience with the guy and told him to beat it! I am Corey Brooks by the way, esteemed journalist (I wish) with the New York Times and for the last year or so I have been following Hancock with a great deal of interest. Like most kids my age I consumed comic heroes and cartoons by the truckload so imagine how I felt when this real life demigod dropped in on us? Out of this world! The inner child once again found an outlet and the journalist in me saw a Pulitzer Prize! Hancock and his eagle side kick Atlas had been making a real name for themselves around the city. On his first day working he had put out an apartment fire, stopped a runaway subway car from shooting off the elevated track and saved a pregnant woman from drowning when her car went into the Hudson River. I was there to report on all of those events, I even got an exclusive comment from the man himself: 'Get out of my face asshole!' You see Hancock was beginning to fall off the wagon a little bit, having come from L.A 'clean and sober' (actually his words) but without his beloved PR guy Ray in tow. Ray's wife Mary was the 'other' hero in this picture and the one which our boy had to avoid or die.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 So how did I end up charting the fall, rise and fall of Hancock? Well it involved 5th Avenue, a runaway taxi and me! Picture this: you are crossing one of the busiest thoroughfares in New York when a cabbie has a heart attack. His vehicle then swerves out of control just as I am crossing the street... Then out of nowhere this blur in a black leather suit pulls me out of harm's way just in time! I felt a bit like Lois Lane! 'Jesus you are Hancock' I say as he puts me down again. 'Man you are a bright spark! I take it you can read then?' Oh and there is no need for thanks, really...' Despite his 'new' cleaned up image, he still reeks of liquor. 'Course I can read, I am a frigging journalist!' 'Oh shit' he says 'I hate journalists so see you around kid!' With that he is gone, shooting upward like a black rocket. Where was his bird anyway, surely he hadn't left it behind somewhere in a drunken stupor? 'Man what a loser' comments a passerby 'you ok there buddy?' 'So that was Hancock?' 'Yeah and as far as I am concerned he can just fly back to L.A because we don't need heroes like him in the Big Apple!' Of course we needed heroes. ","Summary":" Unheard Pleas Chapter 1 Hancock, well that's a guy. Sort of like Superman really, but without the c"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"The next Hundred years","Author":"stevieLUVSAlex","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6073758","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I was watching Hancock the other day, and since I've been on FF anything I don't like the ending to, I can change… it's not to say I didn't like the ending to Hancock, but what happens when another 100 years pass, after Ray and Aaron have been gone for years? Gotta love FF… enjoy :) Mary picked up the phone, tossing her long curly blonde hair over her shoulder. She dialed the number, and waited for the ringing. Mary Hancock – as she called herself now – had been on her own for five years, since her only son Aaron had died. He had lived a full 90 years, happy with his wife, but no children. Mary was still unsure whether that was a blessing or a curse, to have to out-live her own grandchildren or to have her children's-children with her at all times, somewhere in the world. Some days she felt the blessing, some days she felt the curse. Her second husband, Ray, had been long gone. Mary was patient as she waited for an answer, and when the dial tone clicked, indicating that somebody was on the other end, she stood rigid. \"Yeah, hello…\" John Hancock's voice flooded through the phone, reaching her ear. \"Hancock…\" she greeted. There was a slight pause. \"Mary? Mary… hi,\" he replied. \"Miss you,\" she told him easily. \"Miss you, too. Where are you?\" \"California! You?\" \"New York,\" he said. \"Want to meet?\" \"Sure? Where?\" \"Miami,\" they laughed in unison. Mary hung up the phone, and smiled to herself. It had been 30 years since she had seen him face to face, and she knew without a doubt, he would recognize her. She hadn't changed much at all, except maybe her hair was longer. Every few months, they would have a lengthy phone conversation, catch up on old times and their new lives, and then lose each other in the busy schedules of their existence. Every thirty years or so, they'd meet face to face for a full 24 hours and when they parted again, it hurt… it hurt Mary more than she dared to say. But she couldn't wait to catch up with him again, to see his face, to see his lips move when he said her name. \"Hi,\" he uttered from behind her, making Mary jump back. Her head snapped around to meet his eyes. \"Hi,\" she reached out to hug him, the familiar embrace sending a run of electricity through her body. Nobody in the 3000 years they'd been in this world, had anyone had quite the same effect on her. It was why, they came in pairs, she supposed. It was why they were drawn to each other, no matter how far she ran from him, he managed to find her, to be where she was in the world. \"How have you been?\" he managed to ask as she stepped out of his arms. \"Good… well, considering.\" \"Yeah, I'm sorry about Aaron.\" Mary shrugged. \"I had him for 90 years. He led a good life.\" \"He was a good man,\" Hancock agreed. \"Yeah, he was… thanks.\" \"Wanna get some coffee?\" he offered. Mary nodded and followed him to the coffee cart. They purchased their desired liquid and positioned themselves on a nearby bench. \"Tell me about your life,\" she smiled crossing her legs. \"Same old, I guess…\" he shrugged. \"Saving the world, people in distress… it becomes routine, you know how it is.\" \"Yeah,\" she nodded. \"I've been thinking about something…\" his words sounded cautious. She looked up at him, her hands folded around her cup, to keep her fingers warm. \"Thinking, about what?\" \"You and me,\" he whispered. Hahahaha don't you hate that? Okay, if you're interested in more, drop me a line and let me know :)[Chapter 2] A/N: This one goes out to every single reviewer of this story. THANK YOU for encouraging me to keep going. Neo-MrAnderson was the one to push that little bit further and I appreciate that. I was stuck in writers block and this was just the inspiration kick in the butt I needed. So, I hope this is the direction you wanted me to take. Enjoy! Mary's heart started pounding in her chest. In truth, she had been thinking the same thing. What if the other couples got it right the first time? What if they weren't meant to live apart, but together? Sure. They helped look over mankind, but wasn't most of their problems a direct result of human imperfection. Crime was caused by a default in humans hurting other humans. Even nature disasters were caused by human decisions made years before. What about Mary? What about John? Didn't it matter what they wanted? Mary was already sick and tired of watching those she loved die. She didn't want to outlive everyone. It was all too THE GREEN MILE for her. It was time to live the way that others lived, it was time to \"Really?\" Mary smiled. \"I know we've talked about this before but…\" he shook his head. \"I don't want to be like this anymore. I want to live. I'm sick of giving humans a second chance just to see them waste it. What am I doing all this for if they don't sit up and take notice? I know that the other couples must have come to the same conclusion. I want to live, Mary, and I want to live with you. I miss you. I miss being with you.\" Her smile widened. \"I want that to.\" \"You do?\" he frowned. Mary could see that he thought she was kidding or being sarcastic. She nodded. \"I do.\" \"So, what now then?\" he asked. \"What happens? What do we do?\" Mary laughed. \"I guess we become like everyone else.\" He hesitated. Could it really be that simple? \"I want to try at least,\" she said. The next few weeks were complete bliss. They behaved like any other human couple. They loved. They laughed. They argued. It was just like everyone else. Their relationship was fuelled with passion and heat and more importantly, love. They spent their time exploring the world. Going on picnics and riding roller coasters. They spent their lives 'living', until Mary was diagnosed with breast cancer, so seriously that the doctors explained that she should live the rest of her days doing whatever she wanted because she would die, and having chemotherapy would only prolong the inevitable. And John realized what was really at stake. They had made their decision, they were going to live their lives like other humans. Except that John couldn't just sit back and watch her get sick and die. He didn't want to mourn her. He didn't want to feel the heartache that humans felt when death came for someone they loved. The emptiness. The pain. The ache of missing them. John questioned their choice. Were they wrong? Mary, who had always known when something was wrong, approached John. \"What's the matter?\" \"You're dying,\" he stated matter-of-factly. \"It's okay.\" He shook his head. \"No. It's not okay. I don't want you to die. I don't want to sit back and watch that. I don't want to see you in pain.\" \"It's human. Pain is inevitable.\" \"It doesn't have to be,\" he whispered. \"John, we talked about this. We decided that-\" \"I want to change my mind.\" Her eyes widened in horror. \"You can't.\" \"Why not? You don't have to hurt, Mary. You don't have to be in pain. I can just go away and-\" \"And I'll hurt then too,\" she told him. \"You won't die.\" \"But I will miss you. I will hate every second of living. John, it's better this way.\" \"I don't think it is.\" \"Please,\" she begged. \"Don't do this.\" \"Well, what if I go away until you get better and-\" \"Until the next time? No. I don't want to do that anymore. John, I love you. I have not regretted a single second spent with you. If you leave me again I'll want to die. At least this way…\" she reasoned. \"This way, we both win. If you love me then just give me the rest of my life and that will be more than enough.\" She was very convincing. So John gave her her dignity and her wish and he watched her die in the following months. He never left her side for a single second and he constantly reassured her that his love for her could withstand this. And when she took her last breath as a human being, he cried. Two days later, without Mary to give him the strength he needed or the will to keep living without her, he died peacefully in his sleep, with her name on his lips. THANK YOU all for alerting, favourite-ing and reviewing. Please leave a review to let me know what you think! =) ","Summary":" A/N: I was watching Hancock the other day, and since I've been on FF anything I don't like the endi"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"I Miss You Like Crazy","Author":"Narusakufan101","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12843355","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rewatched Hancock again over the weekend and this idea came to me, I know there aren't a lot of fics for it and idk if this will even get any hits but oh well I'm writing it anyway. I own Nothing.[Chapter 2] A/N: Before I start this chapter I did make a few slight changes to chapter 1, also I got an Idea so I changed the time frame as well. Dvaplavalaguna, your review brightened my day. I didn't think anyone was still checking the Hancock section lol. On with the story. Ray followed Hancock through the busy New York city streets confused as to exactly where he was taking him. He had gone to New York to help Hancock out with some things like public appearances and all that. He was his PR person after all, and now he had been taking on some publicist duties as well. \"You're probably wondering where I'm taking you right?\" Hancock looked over his shoulder at Ray. \"You could say that.\" \"There's a friend of mine I want you to meet, met him last year.\" Hancock explained. \"Wait, seriously?\" Ray was surprised that Hancock actually had a friend other than him. He took him to an old condemned looking apartment building. \"Wait, you expect me to believe somebody actually lives in a dump like this?\" Ray asked. \"Yep.\" Hancock said simply before walking up to the door and banging on it. A camera popped out of nowhere and looked them both up and down. \"Whoa what?\" Ray jumped back a little. What was condemned and broken down on the outside was all cool and high tech on the inside once the doors opened up. \"Be right there!\" A voice called out from somewhere in the building. Now Ray was expecting a man, maybe even a woman, but what actually appeared had caught him off guard. A young man, who looked to be at least fourteen walked towards them. \"Hi, the name's Theodore but I prefer Theo, Teddy, or TJ. Take your pick.\" He smiled and politely shook Ray's hand. \"You're gonna start catching flies of you don't close your mouth Ray.\" Hancock chuckled. \"I'm sorry I'm just shocked, I mean it's a kid!\" He motioned to TJ. TJ laughed. \"Oh, I upgraded his suit for him and I guess he took a liking to me.\" TJ Joked. \"So I let him stay here.\" \"You live with the kid? And your parents were cool with that?\" Ray was dumbfounded. \"Don't have any.\" TJ shrugged. \"Well, where'd you come from?\" Ray asked. \"No idea, back when I was a lot smaller, I got hurt.\" Ray noticed he had some kind of visor over his eyes, like Cyclops from the X-Men. TJ tapped the side of the headphones he was wearing and the visor retreated into them revealing his eyes. There was a long thin scar going through his eyebrow to just underneath his right eye. \"This eye here might look real, but it's completely cybertronic. Whenever I got hurt I must've suffered a bit of amnesia. Just like him.\" He pointed to Hancock. \"But nobody ever came looking for me so, no parents.\" Ray looked around. \"So, all this stuff, you made this?\" \"Yeah, I'm kind of a super genius.\" He blushed and rubbed the back of his neck feeling embarrassed. He didn't really like to brag. \"But I like staying anonymous, I don't really like attention but I still get the money.\" He brought them each a cup of coffee. \"So, correct me if I'm wrong here...You are a rich, super genius teenager, who has a superhero living with you, and nobody knows you exist?\" Ray was amazed and confused. \"That is correct sir. No biggie really.\" TJ said nonchalantly. \"By the way, you know Hancock, I've been working on something that could in theory help your memory problems.\" Hancock's eyes widened with intrigue. \"Really?\" \"Yeah, really?\" Ray asked. He nodded \"Yes, you see what it does is, say a person is suffering from severe amnesia like Hancock here. If I were to use my software on him, it would jump start his brain per se and in theory help him start gaining his memories back over time.\" TJ explained. \"Well let's fire it up.\" Hancock got up and waited for TJ to lead the way. \"Well that was fast.\" Ray followed too out of curiosity. A few moments later Hancock sat in a chair with a metal band around his head. \"OK, you're going to feel a slight jolt, it shouldn't hurt but it might knock you out for a moment.\" He warned before starting the machine up. Hancock flew back to Los Angeles, he carried Ray under one arm and TJ under the other. \"Dude what the hell?!\" TJ stumbled away and threw up in the bushes after they landed, he wasn't expecting Hancock to just whisk him off like that. Ray on the other hand enjoyed the flight. \"I will never get tired of that.\" Ray smiled as Hancock put him down. \"So, you remember anything yet?\" \"Actually, I've been getting little bits and pieces ever since TJ took that thing off of my head.\" Mary had heard the landing and made her way outside. \"You're back already? And you brought Hancock with you I see.\" She smiled. \"Aaron will be so….\" She froze as soon as she saw the teenaged boy move from behind the bushes wiping his mouth. \"You can't just do that to me without warning.\" TJ groaned not noticing Mary. \"Shake it off kid.\" Hancock told him. He had tan skin, hazel eyes, soft curly hair that swept across his forehead and she couldn't stop staring at him. She suddenly felt a slight ache in her chest as if she was looking at something she'd been without for a long time. \"Angel? Are you OK?\" Ray asked her. She didn't answer him, instead she moved towards the boy. \"How old are you?\" TJ looked over at her and backed up a little. \"Uh, fourteen.\" \"How long have you been fourteen…?\" Her voice was slightly shaky. Hancock and Ray looked at each other before looking back at Mary in confusion. TJ hesitated for a moment before answering her. \"For…the past 70 years.\" He mumbled. \"Huh?!\" Hancock looked at him. \"When were you gonna tell me this kid?\" He moved closer to TJ. \"I didn't think it was all that important OK?!\" TJ threw his hands up in frustration now that his secret was out. He turned away from them and ran a hand through his hair to calm himself. \"Teddy…?\" Mary asked walking closer to TJ. He stiffened, not saying anything for a moment. \"Teddy, is that you…\" She moved closer and gently turned him around looking into his eyes. \"Yes…\" He frowned ducking his head to avoid her gaze. \"Is it really you?\" She asked again, eyes brimming. \"Yes…\" He responded while moving away from her, he could tell she wanted to hold onto him but he wasn't really ready for that yet. Hancock and Ray both looked at each other confused as to what was going on. \"You know each other? Why am I surprised? Of course you do, The kid is like 80 years old.\" Hancock started pacing back and forth. Mary sighed looking between Hancock and Ray before grabbing Hancock's shirt to get him to listen. \"He's my…our son.\" \"Excuse me?!\" Ray said while Hancock just stared at the boy. TJ was starting to feel uncomfortable under their gaze so he immediately backed away and took off into the air. Mary's expression turned worried and slightly upset before she took off after him. \"Theodore James you get your ass back here this instant!\" \"I should go too right?\" Hancock looked at Ray who was pretty much in shock over the whole thing. \"Yeah, yeah hurry man!\" Ray shooed him off. Mary could see the young man a few feet ahead of her and she refused to let him get away. TJ looked around at his surroundings, he made sure not to fly near any structures. He was out of practice and it would be pretty bad if he rammed into anything. \"Crap crap crap!\" He could tell she was getting closer. \"THEODORE YOU GET BACK HERE NOW!\" He could hear her yelling at him. \"I'd rather not do this right now!\" He called back before nearly side swapping a billboard. \"Oh crap!\" He pressed his fingers against his headphones and brought his visor back out. \"Let's see what would be a good hiding place?\" Mary frantically tried to catch him, she couldn't fathom why her son wanted to get away from her. Did he think she left him? Did he blame her for his kidnapping like she blamed herself? TJ hadn't realized he had slowed down a bit until he felt arms around his waist pushing him down into a wooded area. He sighed and tumbled out of her embrace landing against a tree. \"Why?\" Mary panted walking over to where he landed. \"Why are you trying to leave?\" \"I…\" He sighed removing his visor. \"I'm sorry…\" Mary kneeled in front of him and pulled him against her chest hugging him tightly just as Hancock dropped in from behind them. He didn't say anything while watching the two of them interact, he'd known TJ for over a year he just wasn't aware that he was his son. He could tell Mary on the other hand, hadn't seen the boy in a long time and he didn't want to interrupt their moment. \"Why'd you never come home?\" Mary asked him while holding his face in her hands, frowning when she saw the scar. She gently brushed her thumb over it and he flinched a bit. \"It's not like I didn't want to, I didn't know who I was for a while. I started getting my memories of my early childhood back in the 90's. I saw your face and knew I had to find you, but when I finally did I saw you and…Ray. I saw the baby in your arms and I figured I'd just be in the way of all that.\" \"Oh Teddy…\" \"What happened anyway?\" Hancock interrupted. \"How'd we lose him?\" Mary found herself pulling TJ against her chest again but he didn't seem to mind. \"It was the night you lost your memory. I had Teddy in my arms, he was only three at the time, when they surrounded us. I made Teddy hide while we took care of it, but one of them slipped away and found him.\" Her arms tightened around her son a little. \"He taunted us with him, you lunged forward but it was a trap, another man slipped out of the shadows and hit you in the head so hard.\" Recounting it always made Mary emotional. \"I tried to get to our baby but the bastard had a gun to his head. I hoped and prayed that when he got away he'd let him go but then…\" She looked down at TJ and brushed her fingers over his scar once more. \"I heard a gunshot.\" \"What happened after that?\" Hancock asked. \"When I left the hospital after seeing you, I managed to hunt down their hide out…\" ","Summary":" Rewatched Hancock again over the weekend and this idea came to me, I know there aren't a lot of fic"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Attack the block - Pest and OC","Author":"ATBfan12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9496606","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pest/OC -OC details- Name- Stormie-Leigh Age- 16 Hair- Long light brown Eyes- Hazel Skin-Light brown I looked around and pulled my hood over my head as I noticed the boys walking towards me. I'm the only girl in the gang, mainly because me and Pest grew up together, the boys really trust me. They know I'm no snitch. I placed my hands in my pockets as the boys came up to me. A wide smile spread across my face as Pest put a arm around my shoulders. I've had a crush on him for ages, not that anyone knows. \"Whagwan Normie!\" He grinned, I laughed as he used his nickname for me. He had given me that nickname ages ago when he tried to say my name while drunk and since then, it kind of stuck. \"Nothing much, what about you?\" I grinned again as the rest of the gang greeted me. There was Moses who was tall and looked much older then he was, then there was Dennis, the lady killer he was always after the girls and Jerome, the smart one who always had a plan then finally, Biggz, the youngest of the gang, we were always looking out for him. \"Bored as fuck, like always.\" Pest let out a fake yawn and put his hands into his pockets. \"We need something to do.\" Biggz whined, shuffling on the spot. Moses noticed a young woman up ahead and I noticed him bite his lip before looking to pest. \"Fancy some fun?\" He smirked and pulled up his scarf to cover his mouth and nose. \"I know what your thinking.\" Pest smirked and copied Moses' actions. I'm used to the boys mugging people and robbing from shops, so naturally I copied the boys and covered my mouth and nose with my own scarf and followed Pest and Jerome up the road. We walked up behind the young woman then followed her as she walked towards Biggz, Moses and Dennis. Pest sniggered and we criss-crossed in front of her as she reached Mosses. I stood on Moses' left and pest stood on his right. Jerome, Biggz and Dennis behind us. The lady looked scared, which made me chuckle. \"Gimme the phone! Gimme the phone!\" He demanded, she rumbled around in her handbag before taking out her phone and handed it to him. \"Givmme the purse! the money! Give it to me!\" He demanded louder, she fumbled around, this made Moses even more irritated. \"Don't fuck about!\" He snapped at her, snatching the bag out of her hands and threw back to Dennis. I looked back to Dennis, he was smirking widely and started to go through the bag. The lady looked up at Moses with puppy dog eyes, Pest rolled his eyes and slapped her across the face with the back of his hand. He clearly didn't like her. I held onto his hand before he could hit her across the face again. \"Clam down hun.\" I whispered softly to him and he sighed quietly. The woman held up her hands \"Look..leave me a-\" but Moses cut her off. \"Give me the ring!\" He snapped angrily as a red hand mark showed up on her face. I didn't realise pest had hit her that hard, \"But It's not worth anything..\" She protested, but Moses was having none of it. He pulled out his flick blade so she could see. \"Going to get merked innit.\" He scoffed, smirking evily. I knew the blade was for show and to get it over with quickly. I knew Moses, he wouldn't stab anyone over a little piece of flipping jewellery. \"Hurry up before the feds come!\" Biggz said, nervously shuffling on the spot. \"Fuck the feds man\" I rolled my eyes then I realised I was squeezing pest's hand very tightly. I blushed and loosened my grip. Moses had pushed the woman over and was sitting on the ground, holing up her ring. \"Take it!\" She snapped then pest snatched it out her hand, looking at it before putting it in his pocket, That's when I noticed. A giant, glowing white ball of light, heading straight for us. \"Fuck!\" I shouted, pointing up to the ball of light, everyone except the woman looked up and all of us scattered just as it crashed into the silver car we were next to, sending Glass flying everywhere like rain. As I ran, Pest ran into me, we fell down and he landed on top of me, hitting my head off the sidewalk. \"Waaays, you okay?\" Pest asked. I looked up at me and I felt butterflies in my stomach, he was still on top of me, I didn't want to get up but I had to. I made my self sit up, pulling my scarf down to reveal my mouth and nose. \"Uh..yeah..fine.\" I stood up as he did. \"Yo fam! She's ducking!\" Biggz called out, jumping up and down as the woman ran away. \"Fam! She's ghosting!\" Pest called out, glaring at her as she ran around the corner. Moses growled angrily and pulled down his scarf. \"Allow it!\" He demanded, and the boys shut up and turned to focus on the car. I stood there, looking down the street. I turned around and looked at the boys in front of me. Jerome stood looking at the car in absolute shock. \"Someone's bombing us blud.\" He said, sounding quite excited. \"Nah man, just a firework init.\" Dennis shrugged, sighing at the car. \"Some big firework bruv.\" Pest snapped, sounding angry for some unknown reason. Dennis glared at pest and nudged him roughly and he stumbled sideways into me. \"Watch it guys.\" I rolled my eyes at them and walked over to Moses, rubbing my arm. \"Nice whip, well was a nice whip.\" I told him, watching him closely. \"Yeah yeah, Could be some bare valuables in there.\" He replied to me, then he checked the car door but it was locked, so he leaned in through the broken window. He fumbled around for a minute before opening the glove box he jumped back, causing all of us to as well. \"Shit!\" He growled. \"There's some fucking thing in there!\" He snapped as something jumped out the car window, knocking him down to the ground. The gorilla like thing slashed his face, causing Moses to pull out his knife and stab the thing in the gut, causing it to shriek, before it ran off, and up the hill. \"What the fuck was that?\" I asked nervously and tried to help Moses up but he pushed me away. \"It looked like some orangutan type thing bruv, I'm not even lying!\" Jerome grinned, excitedly. \"Its breezing mate!\" Pest laughed. \"It looked like some Dobby the house elf thing man!\" I added to Pests sentence. \"Moses got shanked by a Dobby.\" Dennis smirked, we all laughed slightly, but Moses was not amused at all. \"I'm chasing that down.\" Moses snapped, sounding very angry. \"I'm gonna to fucking kill it.\" He said, wiping blood off his cheek were the thing at slashed him. \"Watch.\" He nodded, then started to run up the hill, the rest of us followed him. \"We're going for an adventure!\" Biggz yelled. \"Round two, bruv, Round Two!\" I shouted, walking by Pest's side. \"Going to have some fun, bruv!\" Jerome shouted. We walked up the hill and followed Moses to the shed and we all stopped just outside of it. \"You got beef, now Moses!\" Pest souted to Moses, \"I swear down I'm gonna fuck this thing up!\" He exclaimed angrily before turning to Pest. \"Oi, Pest, you still got them bangers?\" He asked him, this made Pest smiled happily. It was Guy Fawkes night, of course he had bangers with him. \"Yeah.\" Pest nodded and got the bangers out his backpack. I stood there with Jerome and I shivered. It had become really cold. I pulled my sleeves down and crossed my arms over my chest. Jerome looked at me and pulled me into his chest. Me and Jerome were cousins, he always looked after me. I smiled and hugged him. Pest walked up behind me and took my lighter out of my back pocket and flicked it open, lighting the banger before running into the shed and tossed it in. We all watched as smoke rose out from the shed, followed by loud shrieks of pain. After it stopped Moses turned to us. \"It's mine!\" He said, before running into the shed. Seconds later we heard screams. \"Hey! BACK ME! BACK ME\" Moses shouted, the boys hesitated before running into the shed. I stood outside, waiting for them. The screeching got louder before it suddenly stopped altogether. \"Ewww!\" I heard Biggz shout before all of them walked out of the shed. Pest ran out, looking way to excited. He knocked into me and I had to hold onto him to stop him from falling over. Then I looked at the thing in Moses' hand. It was a ugly looking thing. \"That fell from the sky bruv!\" I looked at the thing in Moses' hand. \"Are you tryna bloody tell me it's raining monkeys?\" I exclaimed, with shock in my voice. \"I don't even know what that is.\" Moses said, sounding a little nervous. I smiled reassuringly at him. \"I ain't even gonna say.\" Dennis scoffed, looking at the monkey thing. \"You know what that is!\" Pest asked, everyone turned to looked at him. He put a arm around my shoulder, then Him and the others took out their phones out and stared to record the thing. \"I'll tell you what that is! An alien bruv! From outer space! Believe it! It came to take over the Earth, innit? When it landed in the wrong place, you get me? The wrong place!\" Pest shouted proudly and I grinned up at him, even though I didn't believe it was a alien. \"Welcome to London motherfucker!\" Dennis spat angrily at it. \"Welcome to the ends, brother!\" Biggz giggled childishly. \"This is the block! Nobody fucks with the block, get me?\" Pest asked, getting in the things face, obviously showing it who's boss \"The B-L-O-C-K!\" The boys all shouted together. I laughed and joined in the chanting. We started to walk down the street towards the tall block of flats in which we lived. We all looked tired and cold, pest was walking up in front with the 'alien'. I was walking by Moses side with Jerome. Biggz and Dennis behind us. \"Hey! Moses! Were are we going to take dat ting man?\" Biggz called out to Moses. \"Take it Ron's man! He watches that National Geographic shit.\" Pest called back and I nodded, it was true. \"All the man ever does is blaze, water them big buds, and watch the nature channel, he'll identify that thing for real.\" Pest added. \"Let me bell him up.\" He laughed, and pulled out his phone. \"It was the beast of Brixton! We were crazy kicking that!\" Jerome was saying to someone. I turned to look at him when I released he was on the phone to someone. \"No Mum! We're playing football!\" Biggs frowned, I turned around and he was also on the phone. \"Yes, I had pepperoni pizza\" he sighed. \"You gave me the money!\"He frowned again. \"Ah man, she's a nurse! They don't get paid nothing, fam!\" Dennis groaned, he was going through the woman's bag. \"Hey, Moses, why you always picking the poor people, man?\" He asked. This made me and moses laugh. We continued to walk up the street when I noticed a gang of girls and I instantly recognised them. It was Tia and her gang. They don't like me and I don't like them. Everyone knows that Tia has a crush on Moses. I know for a fact the Moses fancies her. I find them annoying, too girly for taste. Probably the only girl out of the gang that I liked was Dimples. Me and her live on the same floor and we get a long. \"Moses, what happened to your face?\" Tia asked as we came up to the gang. I just stood there with my arms folded across my chest. Pest stood in front of me with the alien. \"An alien that fell from the sky attacked his face! Truth! He stabbed it\" Pest smirked, holding the thing up. The girls let out a groan, clearly the thing was too gross for there liking. \"You're funny!\" Dimples let out a fake laugh. \"Erugh! Seriously cuz, what is it?\" She added. \"I'm sorry, I can't even look at that!\" Another girl said, I'm not sure what her name is. \"Halloween was last week, ya' know?\" Tia asked, raising a eyebrow at pest. \"That ain't real, it's a creation!\" Dimples exclaimed. \"Touch if it ain't real then!\" Pest snapped at her, shoving the alien towards her. \"You Shove that thing in my face and them fangs are going up in ya tits!\" She snapped back. Pest shook his head and laughed. \"It's probably diseased, ya get me.\" One said, raising a eyebrow. \"Yeah, I don't want no Chlamydia.\" Dimples sniggered. This made the girls laugh. \"So, you're telling me that thing fell from the sky?\" Tia asked. \"Yeah.\" Moses replied. \"And did that to your face?\" She asked again. He looked at pest for a second. \"Yeah.\" He said. \"So you killed it?\" She asked again. \"Yeah.\" He nodded. Tia looked around at us. \"You're such a bad boy, Moses.\" She scoffed. Moses and Tia stared at each for a few seconds then Pest turned around and winked at me. \"Fuck! It's alive!\" He shouted, lunging at forward at the girls and shook the alien at them, the girls all screamed and ran, causing all of us to laugh at their reaction.[Chapter 2] As we walked into our apartment area, I noticed two young kids throwing things into a trash bin that was alight. I instantly recognised them as two youngsters who hang around the block. There names were Reginald and Gavin, they always wanted to hang around us. I laughed and nudged Moses, pointing to the kids while shaking my head. \"Oi, Gavin! You pyro!\" Moses laughed but the youngster instantly hit back. \"My name ain't Gavin! I'm Mayhem! And he's Props!\" The youth snapped angrily, pointing to himself and his friend. \"Props and Mayhem? Seriously?\" Pest scoffed. \"Couldn't come up with something better?\" I asked as we walked past them. Jerome sighed as they followed after us. \"Wow! What is that?\" Reginald asked in awe, noticing the alien Dennis was holding. \"None of your business.\" Pest laughed at him. \"Where you going? Let us come with you!\" Gavin exclaimed, frowning at Moses. \"No!\" I exclaimed, shaking my head. They were way too young to be getting involved with us. They were only about 9 years old or something \"Come on Moses! Let us rolls wiv you! We're bad boys!\" Reginald begged Moses, but he just shook his head. \"No Reginald! This is big boy business! You're too tiny!\" Jerome exclaimed, trying to make him understand. \"Yeah, get in touch wiv us when you get your first pube!\" Pest said, and this made us all chuckled. \"Go suck your Mum!\" Reginald spat back at Pest and glared at them. \"Oh, feisty little twat.\" I chuckled, looking over at pest and he winked at me. Causing me to blush a light pink. We continued walking and talking, leaving the two behind to cause whatever trouble they managed. \"We could be infected with toxic alien gases, maybe, just maybe we might get super powers?\" Pest grinned widely, probably at the thought of super powers. We had been discussing the possible outcomes that could happen to us because we had killed the thing. \"Wild, fam if that does happen.\" I smiled. \"Not as wild as that.\" Moses pointed to the alien, we all laughed. Pest smirked at him. \"Trust.\" He nodded We dropped our bikes in the lock up, because we'll probably need them later, and continued into the building, Biggz slinged an arm over my shoulder and one over Jerome's. I gave him a dodgy look before pushing his arm off my shoulder while shaking my head, Jerome copied me and rolled his eyes at Biggz. Biggz is the youngest and we are always looking out for him. When we walked in, I noticed a man up ahead, he was on his phone, taking to someone. Not a single one of us recognised him. He didn't look like no one from the block, so the boys decided to mess with him. We like making people uncomfortable, were teenagers and we find it hilarious. We walked up behind him and I swear, he literally jumped out of his skin. \"I already pressed it…Take enough time…\" His attempt at acting calm made me and Pest laugh and I shook my head. The elevator ding-ed and we all shouldered past him and into the elevator, Dennis, being the last one, stared at him until he stomped and the guy jumped again. Dennis is a really intimidating person, in my personal opinion. \"Enough, man.\" Moses laughed and looked at the others. He then nodded and Pest pressed the button. \"Express elevator to the penthouse suite.\" He smiled. I love it when he says that, its my favourite saying for when we take the elevator to Ron's. I don't know why, it just is. The doors closed on the guy, and we stood patiently, waiting for the elevator to reach floor 19. Once there, we walked to Ron's place where Pest pressed the doorbell. \"YO RON!\" Pest yelled, looking into the peep hole even though he probably couldn't see anything through it. We got no answer so Pest pressed it a few more times. \"YO RON!\" He yelled louder this time. I heard noises from the other side and it opened.- - - - - Moses, Dennis, Jerome, Pest, Biggz and myself were all sat in Ron's flat watching the T.V. while passing round a joint, one of Ron's regulars Brewis sat trying to talk to us while also trying to act cool. We recognised him as the man who was waiting for the elevator down stairs. I was sat in between between Moses and Pest. Pest leaned sideways against me then he wrapped his arm around ny shoulder before kissing me on the cheek. Then he handed the joint to moses who was sitting next to me. I knew why he was acting like this, its because he was high. I frowned inwards, he was never like this unless he was stoned. I noticed the guy, named Brewis, staring at me, Pest must of noticed him staring as well. \"Who're you man?\" He asked, Brewis looked posh and totally out of place in this drug den. \"Oh\" He brushed his hair out of his face. \"sup, names Brewis,\" he extended his fist towards him for him to bump, he left him hanging and this made me laugh. \"Sorry man but seriously, I aint gonna fist bump No stranger! You get me?\" he snapped and he looked like he was about to shit his pants but I smiled at him, I felt kind bad. \"Chill out, mate, he's just kinding, I'm Stormie-Leigh\" I said and bumped his fist. Brewis smiled happily as I bumped my fist against his. He then turned back to the TV. \"well if you's want my opinion that thing is deffo extra-terrestrial,\" I said, nodding towards the bathroom. \"Yeah proper ET shit man!\" Pest laughed before winking at me. Dennis leaned forward passing the joint to Pest, \"we're getting rich of that, you know, coz we discovered it,\" he grinned. \"EBay, fam,\" Pest nodded, taking a drag of the joint. \"Alert the media, exclusive rights to the highest bidder,\" Biggz added smiling. \"The Sun, fam. The Sun believes anything,\" Jerome laughed. \"No, no, no, no, no. The Sun'll just dress it up like one of them Page Three girls,\" Pest shook his head and I giggled. \"You wanna call The Guardian, blud. If it's a proper paper then people will believe,\" Dennis said. \"True dat,\" I agreed. \"Nah, tabloids pay more money, bruv,\" Jerome pointed out. Biggz frowned, \"you can't call the paper. FBI will confiscate it off us.\" I laughed at him, shaking my head, \"FBI? This is England fam, there ain't no FBI.\" Dennis nodded, agreeing with me \"yeah, it's Section Six or somethin'.\" Jerome pointed in the direction of the bathroom, \"we need and expert to verify that thing y'know.\" Biggz nodded eagerly, \"hey, look in the Yellow pages. Look for them like scientist people who know about all them meteor things.\" Dennis laughed whilst smoking the joint Jerome had passed him, \"Yellow Pages? Like, what, 'A' for aliens?\" He laughed again and we all joined in laughing. \"We need a lawyer, bruv, A manager or something.\" Jerome pointed out. \"Bell Simon Cowell. Alien's Got Talent,\" Pest said and we all laughed again. \"Jokes, man, jokes,\" Brewis laughed trying to join in the banter. We glared at him like he was an idiot. He lent forward, \"actually, I did this zoology module at uni.\" He said smoking his own joint, \"primatology, mammology, all that shizzle. That thing in there don't belong to no taxon I've ever studied.\" He pointed towards the bathroom, I literally had no clue what he was talking about. We all looked clueless and lost. Ron came back through, \"you met Brewis then, very reliable customer.\" Brewis went to fist bump Dennis, he said something but I couldn't make out what. We all laughed at him. Dennis looked positively offended, \"hey, move for me blud!\" He tutted. We pissed ourselves laughing even more. Pest fell sideways onto my lap laughing and Moses got up and followed Ron into the kitchen before they both moved to the weed room, taking the alien with them. We all turned our attention to the T.V. and started watching the National Geographic channel which was featuring some stupid documentary about moths. Pest once again, wrapped his arm around my shoulders and kissed me again, Ron reappeared, \"oi, Brewis,\" Ron called him and he got up from his spot in front of the T.V and followed Ron out of the room. \"You alright?\" Ron asked us. \"Yes, fam,\" Biggz laughed. Moses then arrived back in the living room without the alien a smile on his face, \"yo, why you smiling bruv?\" Pest asked putting the joint in the ashtray on the coffee table in front of us. He had a cigarette box in his hand, \"hey, what's that, blood?\" Dennis asked. Pest and I sat up, \"hey, I bet he got a job,\" Pest said smiling. \"Eh, is it?\" Biggz asked. \"He got recruited, innit,\" Dennis laughed. \"What's that in your hand bruv?\" I asked. \"Hi-Hatz is gonna step you up, man!\" Pest said excited and we all jumped up off our chairs to congratulate him. In our block getting a job to sell drugs for Hi-Hatz was the best chance of making money we got. Pest punched his arm playfully, \"nice one, blud.\" He bent down and put the box in one of his socks, he straightened up and looked out the window. I followed his gaze, \"oh shit,\" I said as I saw huge balls of light fall from the sky. \"Yo, check it,\" Moses said standing right in front of the window, pest and I came to stand next to him. \"What, bruv?\" Dennis asked as the rest of them turned towards the window. \"More,\" he said simply. \"More what?\" Dennis asked again. \"Dem tings,\" he said almost nervously. More and more lights fell from the sky, as the rest of the boys stepped forward. \"It's just rockets, innit?\" Said Jerome. \"Nah. Rockets go up before they come down, man.\" Pest said in awe.\"Dem tings are pure comin' down,\" I added as Biggz stood behind me, holding my arm. \"They're the same.\" Moses said. \"Same as what?\" Dennis said. \"As what hit that car before, fam.\" Moses said looking really nervous now. \"Na! More of them nasty little gremlins,\" Biggz jumped up and down excitedly. You could tell he was the youngest \"It's raining Gollums,\" Dennis said, sounding nervous. \"Bare creatures.\" Pest said,I tried not to look nervous but determined instead. Suddenly one landed in the park close by causing an explosion around it, \"shit!\" Pest said amazed. Pest grabbed Moses by the shoulder, \"hey, that one landed in the park, fam, close!\" He pointed, as he also, started to jump up and down. Ron appeared next to Dennis, Brewis next to me, \"oh, lovely fireworks\" Ron said and I laughed slightly, shaking my head at his observation. \"Nah, mate, it's an alien invasion!\" Dennis corrected him. Ron snorted, \"'course it is.\" \"Let's get down there, cuz!\" Pest said excitedly. \"Let's go fuck 'em up!\" Dennis shouted eagerly. Biggz still jumping up and down said, \"I'm killin' them, I'm killin' them straight!\" Pest pulled up my sleeves \"ay, let's get tooled up, blud!\" \"Come, come!\" Moses shouted and we ran for the door. Moses stood in front of me.\"you coming too fam?\" I snorted, grinning at him, \"you kiddin' me cuz? 'Course I am! Wouldn't miss this for the world!\" Bout time there was a bit of action about this place!\" \"Ay, somebody call pest control?\" Pest shouted as we ran out the door, leaving Ron and Brewis behind.[Chapter 3] We all started running down the stairs, well pest jumped most off them. The boys split up but I stayed with Pest. We walked into his flat, I looked around then smiled as Pest greeted his nan. \"What have you done to your leg?\" She asked him, sounding a little concerned. \"Nothin' nan, pulled a muscle playing football.\" He replied and went into his room, leaving me standing at the door. His nan looked at me and smiled. \"Boy's eh? Always hurting themselves.\" She said to me then looked at the telly. \"Yeah.\" I agreed and chuckled lightly, looking around again. Pest came back out of his room with his backpack and what looked like a bat down his trouser leg. I looked at him then to his nan. \"Where are you going?\" She asked him. \"Out, won't be long.\" He replied and kissed her forehead before walking over to me, pulling up his hood. \"Don't be getting into trouble now.\" She looked at us. \"Of course not nan.\" He smiled at her then walked out of the flat. \"Bye.\" I smiled at her then walked out with him, closing the door behind me. We all met up in the garages so the boys could get their bikes. I looked around at them, biting my lip, I didn't have a bike. I sighed quietly and looked at Pest. He looked at his bike then to me and smiled. \"Ride with me.\" He grinned a little and climbed on his bike. I bite my lip again and climbed onto the bike of his bike, holding onto his waist. I held onto him tightly as we rode out of the garages and onto the street, riding towards the park where the alien had landed. I turned my head to look behind us, seeing probs and mayhem chasing after us. \"Wait for us!\" Mayhem shouted. \"Its not fair man! We wanna come to!\" Probs shouted. I grinned a little and shook my head then looked back to Pest's back. After a few minutes we finally reached the park. I jumped off Pest's bike and my eyes widened as I noticed where the alien had landed. The boys dropped their bikes but Dennis kept hold of his pizza bike and we walked up the meteor thing. \"A meteor fam! For real!\" Pest grinned excitedly as we all looked down at the thing. I smirked at him then looked around the park. \"Aye, loads came down, innit\" Dennis said, looking at Pest then back to the meteor. \"We gotta take them all out!\" Biggz exclaimed excitedly, grinning widely. \"Gotta catch them all!\" He added, chuckled slightly. I rolled my eyes and smiled at him. \"Calm down Biggz, this ain't Pokemon!\" Pest exclaimed. I looked at Pest and chuckled at how serious he was acting. Moses knelt down next to the thing then looked up at Dennis \"Yo, shine da light.\" He demanded. Dennis nodded and moved his scooter so the light was shining at the meteor. \"Like a fossil, innit?\" Dennis asked, \"Nah, that's different.\" Jerome said. \"It ain't even the same thing.\" Pest added. \"That's triple the size, blud.\" Biggz agreed. \"I'd like to see the brother who's going to fight that.\" Jerome said, \"Are you, man?\" Pest asked him sarcastically, smirking a little. \"Right now, I feel like going home, locking my door, and playing FIFA.\" Biggz said, sounding nervous now. Suddenly here was a loud screech that made jump a little, pest took told of my hand and looked around. I smiled a little and held his hand in return. Then I saw Pogo shoot past me, and down the hill towards the park. \"Pogo! Stay! Stay!\" Dennis shouted. \"There.\" Moses nodded at a larger black figure on top of the jungle gym. \"Where, fam? Where?\" Jerome asked. \"On top of the tower!\" Biggz said. \"Which tower?\" Jerome Asked, looking around. \"Ain't you got your contacts in, bruv? Look!\" Dennis exclaimed. Jerome put on his glasses and looked towards the tower. Then creature jumped down and Pogo yelped loudly. \"Pogo! No!\" Dennis cried, Pest and Moses held him back. \"What's it doing?\" I asked worriedly, Pest held my hand tighter, still holding Dennis back with his other hand. \"Where's it gone, man?\" Biggz asked. \"It's coming!\" Moses exclaimed, sounding a little nervous. The creature started to slowly walk up the hill, and screeched again, revealing glowing green fangs. \"Aw, I can see it's eyes!\" Biggz said. \"Not sure dem tings is eyes.\" Moses stated. The boys turned and ran towards their bike. I followed next to Pest and jumped onto the back of his, holding his waist. We raced out of the park, and onto the street. Dennis was leading us, then me and Pest, Jerome, and Moses and Biggz. Not long after we made it to the street, blue lights started flashing along with sirens. \"BULLY VAN!\" Moses shouted, Pest pulled his scarf up then I copied. Then he started to peddle faster. Dennis, Pest, Jerome and I made it to the walk way above the street, but Moses and Biggz weren't that lucky. They fell off the bike, Biggz was able to run away but the police tackled Moses to the ground. \"Man! Fuck the Five-O!\" Pest shouted, I laughed a little and looked up at him but Dennis yanked him down. \"Ey! Stay down, man!\" Dennis hissed at him. Pest stopped him self from laughing and we all looked at the police arresting Moses. They opened the door of the van and sitting there was the woman we had mugged earlier. I knew she was a snitch. \"They're booking him in the van, bruv.\" Biggz exclaimed. \"Hey, behind the cars, check it!\" Dennis said, pointing off to the side, I looked in time to see the figure of one of the creatures walking behind the cars. \"Hey, where is it?\" Jerome asked. \"The roof, fam. Clock that roof.\" Biggz pointed to the opposite end, and I saw another jump from the roof. We all watched as the two aliens walk up to the bully van, as if they were stalking the feds, and all of a sudden, one of pounced onto one of the officers and completely tore him apart. \"Oh shit!\" I said loudly and put a hand over my mouth as the other one savaged the other officer, we all ducked down, then I looked up again as his blood splattered across the window. \"Oh, fuck!\" Dennis exclaimed. \"Nah! The Feds got savaged!\" Jerome exclaimed. \"Shit fam, we gotta back Moses!\" Pest exclaimed. \"Sod that. I ain't going anywhere near none of that.\" Jerome replied immediately. \"But what about Moses!\" I frowned \"Think, fam! Think what scared the little one!\" Pest said, pulling his scarf down before taking his backpack off, we all turned around and leaned against the wall \"Bangers ain't gonna do nothing, fam!\" Dennis protested. \"I ain't talking about bangers.\" Pest muttered. I grinned as he pulled out one of the bigger fountain fireworks. Dennis took out his lighter, then I turned to check out the scene on the street. \"Hold it steady!\" I heard Dennis demand. \"I ain't the one with the shakes! You hold it steady!\" Pest snapped. I turned to see them struggling, then finally they lit it up. Pest then sent it flying, it rolled under the car, and we waited. Within seconds, it went off, then loud bangs filled the air along with the same screeching from earlier and a lot of smoke. \"Yo, cover me fam!\" Dennis yelled before he jumped on to his bike, and rode off. The rest of us sat and watched. Pest grabbed a Roman Candle from his bag and lit it up, shooting towards the smokey streets. He did this a couple of times until the van shot off down the street. Biggz ran up to us \"Let's go! They said meet them at the under ground garages\" he said, catching his breath.[Chapter 4] Me; Pest, Jerome and Biggz reached the under ground garages as Hi-Hatz was getting out of his car. Moses stepped forward; about to say something when pest dropped his bike and walked in front of him. \"Nah nah, trust bruv, there's bare creatures chasing us! Big alien gorilla wolf mother fuckers I swear! Some creature fell from outerspace, and jumped moses so we pulled it, and its specimen have come down in force blud; and then moses got shift by the feds and them things attack the bully van, and savaged the bluefors, so we jacked the van, we're running for our lives now cuz! Believe!\" Pest explained quickly in one breath, holding his hands out in front of him. I bit my lip as Pest explained then I looked at Dennis as he climbed out; he looked at Hi-Hatz before looking to pest, shaking his head. Hi-hatz looked to pest as he was explaining; he looked to tonks then back to pest the anger inside of him was clearly building up. Hi-Hatz called himself the 'boss' of the block. He was a well known; well respected drug dealer who was growing a crop of weed in Ron's flat. \"Jack the bully van, crash it into my whip, and then chat shit about aliens to me?\" He glared at them. Tonks looked from hi-hatz to the gang \"they're making me nervous man, that boys still cuffed ya know\" he pointed to Moses \"police are gonna be all over this\" he looked to Hi-Hatz. My eyes widened in shock as Hi-hatz raised his gun \"you tryin' to snake me?\" The boys looked at Tonks then to Hi-Hatz as he raised his gun. I looked to Pest as he pulled out his bat; the rest of boys pulled out their weapons, staring angrily at Hi-Hatz. 'Fuck.' I thought to myself, this wasn't going to end well. Me; Moses and Tonks where the only ones without weapons. Moses was defenceless because his hands were cuffed behind his back. I looked up at Tonks, awkwardly making eye contact then looked down again. I raised my head; looking as Dennis who was breathing heavily with his samurai pointed at Hi-Hatz. Hi-Hatz had watched them bring out their weapons and sniggered, lowering his gun down \"what... You wanna bring arms to me now, you wanna merk me\" he raised his gun again, he was smirking but the anger still showed in his eyes. \"you want a war with me\" My hands where shivering slightly so I placed them into my pockets while still looking at Hi-Hatz. \"Listen to me cuz!\" Pest exclaimed and took a step towards him. I shook my head, Pest could be an idiot sometimes. Who in their right mind would take a step towards a mad man with a gun? \"I'm not even lying!\" He continued. \"If we was making it up, don't you think we'd make up something a bit better then aliens?\" He frowned slightly. Dennis looked to Pest; then around at the gang, shaking his head then looked back to Pest, keeping his samurai pointed at Hi-hatz. Biggz and Jerome stayed stood behind me, they were both nervous. You could tell they were just by looking at their faces. \"Say that word one more time\" Hi-Hatz growled angrily; glaring. He pointed his gun directly at Pest. Suddenly, a alien screeched; me and the boys took a step back, looking up. \"He told you bruv!\" I snapped at Hi-Hatz, gesturing to the ceiling. \"On the roof if you don't believe us!\" I added. Pest quickly glanced at me then looked back to Hi-Hatz. Dennis gulped and looked to where i was gesturing to. \"What! What's on the roof!\" He glared; he was now directing his gun at me I couldn't answer, my words wouldn't come out of my mouth. I was staring down the barrell of a hand gun. \"One of them..one of them..big gorilla wolf mother fuckers\" Pest answered for me and took another step back as the alien screeched again, dropping down behind the car. Dennis tightened his grip on his samurai; Biggz and Jerome were frozen to the spot, looking at pest. Hi-Hatz kept his gun facing towards me and looked to Tonks. Tonks was looking towards where I had gestured \"yo hi-hatz... There is something there bruv\" Tonks told him. Hi-Hatz turned to him and his face dropped as he noticed. \"yo.. Go see what that is\" Hi-Hatz told tonks; Tonks just looked to him and gave a simple shake of the head. \"no way bruv\". Hi-Hatz glared and pointed his gun towards tonks \"move!\" He snapped at him. Tonks hesitated for a moment, looking at the gun. \"Shit\" he mumbled and started walking towards it. Pest swallowed; as did I as we watched Tonks walk towards it. Dennis looked at Hi-Hatz, then to Tonks and shook his head again. I looked to Moses who had been keeping quiet, standing near the bully van. He looked angry, not nervous. I would be angry to if I had been cuffed. Tonks kept walking until he reached the back of the car. Hi-hatz had pointed his gun back at pest. Tonks looked around then turned back to us. \"yo hi-hatz bruv, there's noth-\" He was cut off as the alien jumped out and pinned him against a garage door. \"Oh shit!\" Me and Pest shouted at the same time as the alien started to savage Tonks. \"Got the keys to the lock up?\" Moses asked Dennis, paying no attention to what was happening to Tonks. \"Aye\" Dennis nodded. Pest watched before turning to me \"come-on!\"He shouted. Jerome and Pest grabbed their bikes; riding towards the lock up. Me and the others ran behind them. Hi-hatz was too focused on the alien savaging one of his henchmen. He pointed the gun towards the alien shooting several times then he ran back to the front of the car \"Moses!..poseyo! I'm gonna get yous killed blud, watch!\" He looked back as the another alien screeched; then he ran to the car and got in. Me and the gang reached the lock up. I looked around at the boys. \"I told you man!\" Pest exclaimed. \"Alien invasion! London wise! For real!\" He tutted. \"I knew it from the start.\" He shook his head. Biggz looked around at us nervously. \"Those vans have tracker beacons! The police are going to be hear any minute!\" Jerome nodded at what Biggz said. \"We're fucked!\" He said. \"When the feds find those bodies, that van, we're fucked.\" He explained. \"Oh shit, you're right!\" I exclaimed, worrying building up in me. \"Nah.\" Pest shook his head. I looked at him with my eyebrow raised. \"If its happening all over, then the police are going to be too busy tonight. You get me?\" He explained. I bit my bottom lip and nodded. \"National emergency! Army on the streets! Helicopters! All that 20 days later shit!\" Jerome said, looking around at us. I looked at him then to Dennis as he finally managed to cut through Moses' handcuffs. Moses turned around to look at us \"we need to get off the streets, back in the block, Like none of this ever happened\" \"Yes boss, back in the block.\" Pest nodded, agreeing with him. \"Man how are we posed to do that with all those things out there?\" Dennis asked him. \"That's suicide man!\" Biggz added. I thought about then smirked a little. \"I guess we're gonna need bikes?\" I gestured to the boy's bikes. Pest looked at moses then to me and smirked. \"I like your thinkin'!\" He told me as he climbed onto his quad bike. I climbed onto the back of it, wrapping my arms around his waist. Moses took his cap off Biggz; placing it on his head before climbing onto his bike. Pest looked over at Moses. \"You know what?\" He asked. I looked to the back of his head. Dennis looked over at us as he climbed onto his pizza delivery scooter; Biggz and Jerome got onto Biggz peddle bike. Moses looked down then up at us \"What?\" He asked. \"I'm shittin' my self innit.\" He nodded, looking at moses. \"But at the same time..\" He paused. Dennis looked at pest then started his bike I pulled up my scarf and my hood. \"What?\" Moses asked again then pulled up his scarf and hood. \"This is sick.\" He nodded, smirking then copied me and Moses, pulling up his scarf; he then started his bike and followed Biggz and Jerome out of the lock up. We were followed by Dennis and Moses.[Chapter 5] Moses took the lead, Jerome and Dennis following closely behind. I rested my head on Pest's back. Moses most of saw a alien because he and Dennis went to the right separating from us. Pest rode behind Biggz and Jerome, he noticed Dennis and Moses go right so he took a left, leaving Jerome and Biggz to go straight forward. Moses looked to the side before going down the stairs. Then he stopped at the block opening the door for Dennis \"come on man\" Dennis rode through open door and jumped off the bike at the elevator, repeatedly pressing the button. \"Take the stairs bruv\" he shouted at Moses as the lift was taking for ever. Jerome came into the block after him \"where's biggz? Pest?\" Dennis asked nervously. Me and Pest were being followed by an alien. I jumped off the back of the bike, leaving pest to ride down the stairs. \"Go!\" He shouted at me as he fell off his bike. I ran round the corner and into the block, biting my lip. Pest looked up as a alien was coming towards him. He picked his bike up slightly and threw it at the alien before getting up; running around he corner and down towards the block, the alien chasing after him. Moses and Dennis held the doors open as they noticed Pest. My eyes widened as I noticed the alien. \"Come on Pest! Hurry! Come on man!\" Dennis shouted at him. Pest looked behind him at the alien then ran faster. He ran into the block and closed the door but the alien smashed through and latched onto his leg, sinking its glowing green fangs into him. My heart sank as he cried out in pain. He took his bat out of his backpack and started to hit the alien. The alien finally let go and moved back. I grabbed pests arm along with jerome and pulled him away from the door and round the corner. We then picked him up, wrapping his arms around our shoulders. Moses looked back seeing pieces of wood from the door, the alien was trying to get in properly. He jumped slightly as the alien headbutted the door again; he quickly caught up. Me and Jerome helped Pest along the corridor. Moses noticed the woman who we had mugged earlier, running up to her apartment door. She went inside but Moses ran up the door quickly, pushing it open to get inside. \"move man, move\" He snapped before finally getting in. I held onto Pest with Jerome and carried him along to Woman's flat, Dennis followed us. As we got into the flat, the woman ran into her bedroom. We placed pest down on the couch. All of us then took out our phones. \"I've only got one text left, this is too much madness to explain in one text.\" Jerome exclaimed. Pest cried out in pain and looked up at us, holding his leg \"calm pest\" Dennis told him. Pest looked up at them. \"Please, try everyone until someone calls back.\" He said, wincing in pain. I frowned and kneeled next to him. I had no credit left. The woman came out of her room with a guitar in her hand, looking at the me and the boys. Dennis looked at sam and chuckled, shaking his head and then looked back down at his phone. \"Get out of my fucking flat!\" She shouted at them. Pest shook his head, tut-ting and looked back at his leg. I looked up at her and scoffed before looking back to Pest. Moses sniggered and shook his head, frowning \"yo, snitch. Calm yourself. This ain't about you no more\" She glared at him. \"Come anywhere near me, and I swear I will scream this fucking block down!\" She snapped. Jerome looked at her and shook his head \"There's worse things out there to be scared of than us, tonight! Trust it!\" He told her. I looked at Jerome, he was right. Much scarier things then us. Dennis looked to Moses. \"Hey, bruv. I saw her ID card thing. She's a nurse, innit?\" He said, gesturing to the woman. Pest looked at me then turned to face sam. \"Help me, then! I need this leg. I need it to be able to run away from them things!\" He pleaded. Sam looked at pest and tutted. \"You think I'm going to help you? After you attacked me and robbed me, and then set those dogs on the police?\" She asked, raising a eyebrow. I shook my head at her. She didn't have a clue what those things where. Dennis tutted and shook his head. \"Yes to the first two, no to the last one.\" Pest glared angrily at her. \"Dogs? Dogs with glow in the dark jaws? Dogs with no eyes? Dogs the size of gorillas? You think them things are dogs? Go out there and try feeding them some Pedigree Chum! They're ALIENS, luv!\" He snapped. She shook her head, obviously thinking we were crazy. \"Whatever the fuck they are, they're not fucking aliens!\" Dennis tutted again and looked at her. \" You swear too much, man.\" Pest agreed with dennis. \" Yeah, you got a potty mouth, man.\" Jerome looked at Pest then to the woman. \"Look, whatever they are, they're inside the Block now. They're after everyone.\" I stood nodded at Jerome then stood up. \"Yeah. We're on the same side, man. Get it?\" Moses looked to the woman. \"we aren't going to do anything, fix him.\" He demanded. The woman sighed and looked at Moses. Pest cried out in pain loudly again, holding his leg. I bit my lip, I was becoming really concerned now. Dennis looked at him, he was concerned as well. \"he's bleeding to death man! Help him!\" He pleaded. Moses looked to the woman, frowning, waiting for her to do something. The woman looked around the looked at the telephone on the arm chair and went to grab it. Moses noticed her looking at it and grabbed it before she could reach it. \"No Feds\" he snapped at her. \"I think you've done enough snitching for one day.\" I snapped angrily at her then looked to pest. Moses took the batteries out of the phone and threw them to the other side of the room. \"No Feds. This is the block we do things our way\" He told the woman. \"You'd be better off calling the ghost busters luv\" Pest joked, I let out a laugh then sat on the floor next to him, wondering how he could still have a joke while in excruciating pain. \"Are you kidding? I was going to phone for a ambulance, your friend needs to go to hospital and so do you, if the wounds get infected they can kill you.\" She explained to us. \"Nah man, he likes his scars innit\" Dennis spat, looking from Moses to the woman. Moses looked from Dennis; to pest then back to the woman. \"we ain't gonna do nothing\" He told her again. \"Fix him\" She sighed, finally giving in and went into the kitchen to get some stuff. Pest cried out in pain once again, resting his head on his knee. \"Calm down pest.\" Dennis said again frowning, looking even more concerned at pest. I rested my hand gently on Pest's shoulder. It was killing me seeing him like this. The woman returned and kneeled down in front of me, next to Pest and started to clean his leg. \"Sorry I messed up your couch.\" He said to her. \"Its alright\" she replied, cutting his jeans so she could have a better look at the wounds. \"Want me to take them off?\" He asked, watching her cut his jeans. \"That won't be necessary\" she told him. \"You sure? I've got nice boxers on, genuine Calvin Klein, fresh today.\" He smirked at her. I frowned a little at Pest. He was clearly flirting with her. This made me despise the woman even more. Jerome looked around then to the woman. \"nice place you got, have you lived here long?\" Jerome asked her. \"A couple of months, I'm thinking of moving.\" She looked up at Jerome. \"Shame, why?\" Pest asked her. I rolled my eyes at him then looked around. \"I don't like the area.\" She told him and continued to clean his leg \"What do you mean you don't like the area? What's wrong with the area?\" Dennis spat, glaring at her. She shook her head at him and then looked at Pest. \"Tell me if this hurts?\" She told him. \"Try me.\" He smirked at her. She bent his foot and looked at him. \"Hurts!\" He winced and she did it again. \"Hurts hurts hurts hurts!\" He winced again. I glared at her. She was clearly doing it on purpose. \"You've torn a few minor arteries and you may have a fracture, we need to get this treated before you loose to much blood.\" She told him. I bit my lip, loosing too much blood means he could die. \"Do it then\" Moses snapped at her. \"I can't, I haven't got equipment nor the skill, I've only just graduated and I must of missed the class on alien bite wounds.\" She snapped at him. I frowned and rubbed Pests shoulder softly. Moses stood up straight and just looked to her. \"Pass me that cushion\" she gestured to a cushion next to him. I looked at Dennis then to Moses and sniggered, looking at the woman. Moses just looked at her like she was a idiot, not getting it for her. \"I said, pass me the cushion!\" She repeated. He turned to Dennis and sniggered slightly before finally getting the cushion and slowly handed it out to her. She snatched the cushion and pressed it roughly down onto pests leg. Pest winced and glared at her. \"Ah! Don't take it out on me!\" He snapped angrily. \"Oi! Ya've hurt him enough already don't ya think?\" I snapped angrily at her, she was doing whatever she could to hurt him ever more. She looked at me, glaring so I glared back. Suddenly there was a loud bang at door, making us all turn our attention to it. Sam stood up and so did I, all of us looking at the door. Pest managed to jump up and clinged onto the woman. Moses took Dennis' samurai and went up to the door. He looked through the peep hole; jumping back as the alien jumped up at the door. Pest wrapped his arms around the woman as the alien broke through the door. \"Get off me\" She pushed him off her. I took hold of Pest's arm and kept him up so he didn't fall over. Moses ran up to the alien and he stuck the samurai into it, killing it instantly. He pulled it out then looked to them before looking back to it. \"Tango neutralised\" Jerome said in awe, looking at the alien. \"Moses...ninja\" Dennis looked at Moses and went up to alien. I helped Pest over to the alien. My eyes widened as I looked down at it, the fangs suddenly stopped glowing green. \"That's the blackest black ever fam\" dennis said and kneeled down, placing a hand on the alien. \"That's blacker then my cousin Femi\" \"See? Is that a dog?\" Pest looked at the woman. \"No.\" She said quietly. \"No, that is not a dog.\" He spat angrily. I stayed silent looking at the alien, this was completely different to the one we killed earlier. \"Hey, weres that woman gone?\" Jerome asked. I growled, she must of slipped away without us noticing. \"Probably gone to go snitch on us again.\" I spat. Moses looked up then looked to the door before walking out. We followed behind him. Pest limped out and leaned against the wall, we were all looking down the hall at the woman. She stopped and turned around, walking back up to me and the boys. \"Where ever you're going, let me come with you, its the least you can do after what you've me through tonight\" \"Nah man, she's bare annoying.\" I said, shaking my head. Dennis shook his head as well. \"Make her leave, let the snitch get merked.\" He spat, glaring at her. \"Dennis, why you acting like such a prick for?\" Pest looked at him. \"I need the nurse, do you want me to die?\" He asked. I looked down frowning, I never thought about that. The woman looked at Jerome. \"I'm Sam.\" She introduced her self. \"I'm Jerome.\" Jerome nodded. \"Nah man!\" Dennis shook his head. I sighed, looking at her. \"The names Stormiee.\" \"I'm pest.\" Pest told her then kissed my cheek gently. I blushed faintly, surprised at this. \"dennis.\" Jerome said, gesturing to dennis. \"And you're Moses right?\" Sam asked looking at Moses. Moses nodded then looked from Dennis back to Sam \"your gonna need a weapon\" She nodded and went into her kitchen and got a knife. Dennis looked at Moses and shook his head. I wrapped Pest's arm around my shoulder then kissed his cheek in return. This made him grin childishly. Moses looked to Dennis and frowned then walked up the corridor and through the door; climbed slowly up the stair case. Dennis sighed and followed Moses up the stairs with Jerome Pest limped up to the door with me by his side. We stopped at the door held it open for Sam then followed behind her up the stairs. \"You can get 4 years for carrying a offensive weapon you know.\" Pest told sam. \"I think this is a bit different.\" She replied. \"Is it? Walking around..excepting to get jumped at any moment, feels like just another day in the endz to be man.\" He sighed, following her with me keeping him from falling. \"We're are we going?\" Sam asked Jerome. Dennis continued to walk up the stairs with Jerome, Moses leading. \"Tia's flat\" Jerome replied to Sam. I let out a sigh as Jerome said were we were going. The last thing I needed was them girls annoying me. \"What makes you think we'll be safer in hers then we were in mine?\" She asked. \"Security gate\" Jerome told her. \"She wouldn't be asking that if she had seen them girls fight\" I heard Moses tell Dennis. Dennis continued to walk up the stairs until they reached Tia's floor. ","Summary":" Pest/OC -OC details- Name- Stormie-Leigh Age- 16 Hair- Long light brown Eyes- Hazel Skin-Light brow"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"A Second Chance At Fate","Author":"tsforhokies","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5161662","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Being in New York for almost two years, Hancock continued to gain favor in the eyes of America and the rest of the world. He had saved hundreds of lives over that time period and did it the right way, not in the reckless way that he did before Ray came in and helped him change his ways. He did talk over the phone to Ray at least once every week, but he stayed on the east coast mainly because of his connections to Mary and them being close to each other made them lose powers and made them mortal. Whatever connections he had to Mary he'd put behind him in an attempt to respect his friends marriage. He would have to live with the fact that he couldn't be with her and had to move on and he made attempts to, by making friends and trying to build some relationships in New York City. Then one week Ray had called and insisted that Hancock come to L.A. to see them, because they missed him especially Aaron. Hancock debated but Ray kept insisting, so he said yes figuring that a short visit of a few days wouldn't have to much of a affect on him and Mary losing their powers. So after telling Ray that he would come and see them he did. He pulled up to their drive way in a rental car and turned off the engine. \"We're here this is their home.\" Hancock said to the woman sitting next to him his girlfriend of a few months , he really liked her and hoped that she was the one that he could at least spend a few good decades with before she eventually died. The woman who's name was Elizabeth leaned forward in the passengers seat and looked out at the house. \"They have a nice home.\" Hancock nodded his head. \"Yes they do.\" Elizabeth shifted in her seat. \"You're sure they are going to like me?\" \"They are a very nice family they'll like you.\" He answered. \"You didn't even tell them that you were bringing me with you.\" \"They'll be in for a little surprise.\" He reached over opening the door. \"Let's go in.\" Elizabeth stepped out with Hancock and walked up to the door with him and waited as he knocked. Less than a minute the door opened with Ray standing there, he looked at Hancock and smiled. \"So you've really decided to come after all.\" \"I've really decided to come.\" Hancock said giving his a friend a friendly smile. \"Because I thought for a minute that you wouldn't.\" Ray went on. \"I thought that coming just for a few days wouldn't hurt.\" Hancock commented. \"Right.\" Ray said. \"Well I'm glad that you came.\" Hancock placed a hand on Elizabeth's shoulder. \"Ray I would like you to meet my girl Elizabeth.\" Ray looked from Elizabeth to Hancock and back. \"What you didn't tell me that you had a girlfriend.\" \"I do.\" Hancock said \"Hope you didn't mind me bringing her with me.\" \"Of course I don't mind, not at all. You know Mary she made plenty of food. Told her you might be coming over.\" Ray turned to Elizabeth. \"It's nice to meet you.\" Elizabeth smiled. \"Nice to meet you to.\" \"You two come on in, Dinner should be ready in a minute.\" Ray said stepping to the side to allow them to walk into the house. \"Wait isn't it Thursday?\" Hancock asked Ray as he shut the door. \"It is indeed Thursday!\" Ray answered. \"Why are you asking about Thursday?\" Elizabeth asked Hancock. \"Because it's Spaghetti madness night.\" Hancock answered. \"What's that?\" She asked. \"Every Thursday Ray's wife Mary, she makes a heck of a good Spaghetti and meatballs.\" Hancock explained to her. \"That's right everybody loves my wife's meatballs.\" Ray said. Just then Aaron came running up. \"Hancock!\" Hancock looked down at Aaron with a smile. \"Hey Aaron long time no see.\" \"I'm glad that you came over to see us.\" Aaron said to the man. \"It's been a long time, I thought it would be fun to see you all.\" Hancock commented to the boy. \"You have really grown since the last time I saw you.\" \"I drink a lot of milk.\" Aaron said pleased at the superheroes compliment. \"Really?\" Hancock asked \"Yeah.\" Aaron said \"We all missed you, Mommy misses you too.\" \"Does she?\" Hancock asked. \"She does, even though she doesn't say it.\" Aaron answered. Ray laughed out in amusement. \"Hey buddy say hi to Hancock's girlfriend here Elizabeth.\" Aaron turned his eyes to the woman next to Hancock. \"Hello Elizabeth.\" \"Hi there.\" She answered politely. Mary then came walking in from the kitchen. \"Aaron go wash your hands for dinner….\" She stopped in her tracks upon seeing Hancock. There was a very brief but an intense stare down between her and Hancock, she quickly diverted her eyes towards Ray. Ray didn't notice the very brief glance, however Elizabeth did and brushed it off as her reading to much into things. \"Ray, honey you didn't let me know that we had guests here.\" Mary said as Aaron ran off to wash his hands. \"Yeah, I was just about to get you.\" Ray commented \"Of course you know Hancock and this sweet lady standing next to him is his girlfriend.\" Mary's mouth dropped open in shock. \"Girlfriend?\" \"I was surprised to.\" Ray said with a chuckle. Hancock stepped forward. \"Mary I'd like you to meet my girlfriend Elizabeth.\" Mary turned to the woman next to him, who was completely different from herself as far a looks went. \"Elizabeth how are you doing?\" She glanced at Hancock. \"He never told us that he was dating anyone.\" \"Yes well I've gotten on him about that.\" Elizabeth said \"But what can you do I'm glad to meet the family that he's told me so much about.\" Hancock shrugged a shoulder. \"So maybe I should have told.\" \"Maybe you should have.\" Mary commented to him. \"Ah honey is dinner ready, cause I think we're all ready to eat.\" Ray said to his wife. \"Okay, let me just go and finish preparing it.\" She said walking quickly back to the kitchen.  It was not much longer before they are sat down to a table for dinner. Hancock sat next to Elizabeth and it was noticed by Mary how the woman kept touching his arm in an affectionate way. \"How did you get over here?\" Ray asked \"What do you mean how I got over here?\" Hancock asked. \"I mean did you fly ,like physically over here?\" Ray wanted to know he looked over at Elizabeth. \"You know about his superhero thing.\" \"Of course she does.\" Hancock commented. \"And we flew over on a plane.\" \"A plane?\" Ray seemed amused by this answer. \"Flying from east coast to west coast would get a little complicated with carrying the luggage and Elizabeth all that way.\" Hancock said \"I guess you're right.\" Ray said \"How did you two meet?\" \"I was walking down the street in New York and this guy saved my life.\" Elizabeth said \"So he did?\" Mary asked. \"Yep, a bunch of thugs tried to rob me and this man comes and throws them all half way down the block.\" Elizabeth explained giving Hancock a small peck on the cheek. \"That's nice.\" Ray said \"He's my hero.\" Elizabeth went on. \"He just asked me out on a date on the spot and I said yes.\" Mary looked at the woman who was now dating her sort of husband. \"How is it like to be with a man like him?\" \"A man like him?\" Elizabeth questioned. \"A Superhero?\" Mary asked \"What is that like?\" \"Oh that.\" Elizabeth thought about it for a few moments. \"It has some complications but mostly it's great.\" Mary turned her eyes to Hancock. \"Are you enjoying your relationship with Elizabeth.\" \"She's fun to be around.\" Hancock answered honestly. \"I really like being with her.\" \"Really?\" Asked Mary. \"Yes.\" He answered. \"We are good together.\" Mary cleared her throat and suddenly seemed upset or bothered by something. \"Excuse me I have to run to the bathroom.\" She said leaving the table aburtly. Hancock watched her leave. \"Is she okay?\" He asked Ray. \"I'll go and see.\" Ray said going to check on his wife.  Mary went into the bathroom and locked the door, walking over to the sink she looked at her face in the mirror and saw that she was on the verge of tears. What in the hell was wrong with her. She should have been happy that he appeared to have found someone else, yet she wasn't. She was angry at him finding another woman yet had no right to be, so what was her problem? There was a knock on the door. \"Honey are you all right?\" Ray asked from the other side. \"I'm fine.\" She lied. \"Are you sure?\" \"Yes.\" She said wiping away a tear that slipped down her cheek. \"I'm just not feeling well.\"[Chapter 2] Shen didn't know what made her drive over to the hotel that he wasnstaying at when the next day came she just did. When she went nrunning into the bathroom on the evening before she didn't comenback out to the dinner table, instead she had stayed in the bedroom nto upset to come out and finish dinner with everybody, especiallynsince Hancock had been sitting at the table with his new foundngirlfriend. So Mary stayed in that bedroom not coming out until nshe was sure that Hancock had left the house. And yet shenwanted to see him today despite still being quite upset over himndating another woman. However upset she was she wasn't going tonlet him no that she was. After parking her car she took annelevator up and soon found herself knocking on his hotel room door.nHe opened it less than a minute later. \"Mary!?\"n Hancock said in pleasant surprise upon seeing her. Marynsmiled nervously. \"Hi….uh I hope you don't mind me comingnto your room, Ray told me where you were staying.\" \"Indon't mind at all. You needed to see me for something?\" Shen held up a Tupperware container of cookies. \"I was baking thesenearlier and made extra and brought some over for you.\" nThe truth was that she needed some kind of excuse to see him butnshe wouldn't let him know about that. \"Wown fresh baked cookies.\" He took the container. \"It was verynnice of you to come over and give me these.\" Maryn made a gesture with her hand. \"I hope you enjoy them.\" \"I'mnsure that I will.\" Hancock looked at her. \"Why don't you ncome in for a little bit?\" \"Comenin?\" \"Yesn you wouldn't be in some kind of rush would you?\" \"Non I wouldn't be.\" Hancockntook a step to the side and cocked his head. \"Come on in and ntalk to me.\" \"Okay.\"n She said not knowing what else to say. Aftern she stepped in he shut the door turning to her as she lookednaround the room. \"Are you feeling better?\" \"Amn I feeling better?\" She repeated. \"Rayn came back to the table yesterday and told us that you weren't nfeeling well.\" Hancock explained. \"Ohn that.\" Mary said running a hand over the back of her head. n\"I am feeling better today.\" \"Becausen normally folks like you and I don't get sick.\" He wentnon. Shencleared her throat under his questioning gaze. \"I had wine nearlier and I had a little too much and I was feeling a littlenwoozy that's all.\" She hadn't really had any wine for morenthan a week, but how else was she going to explain about hernsaying that she didn't feel well? It was true immortals likenthem very rarely ever got sick. One of the few things that couldneffect them a little was alcohol which was why he used to get drunknall of the time. Hennodded his has head. \"I understand as long as you'renfeeling better.\" \"Sorrynabout leaving the table so suddenly like that.\" \"It'sn alright really.\" Maryn just then noticed that there was no one else in the hotel room. n\"Your girlfriend is she here?\" \"Elizabeth?\"n Hancock shook his head. \"Not right now she went out to shop inn L.A., that woman is a shop addict.\" \"Son you must really like her.\" \"In do.\" \"Doesnshe really make you happy?\" \"Infeel that she does.\" \"That'sngood then.\" Mary said with a nod of her head. Hancockn moved over putting down the container of cookies on a table, a nlook of amusement coming across his face. \"You know you're nasking a awful a lot of questions about my relationship with nElizabeth, one would think that something is up.\" \"Well,nNothing is up.\" Mary said quickly. \"Is there something wrongnwith me asking questions?\" \"Relax.\"n He said with a laugh. \"I was just messing with you.\" \"I'mnsure that you were.\" She said with a roll of her eyes. Hancocknstudied her face. \"Is there anything else you want to know?\" \"Whatnmakes you think that I have more questions?\" She asked withna shrug of her shoulder. \"Wellndo you?\" \"Mayben just a few more.\" \"Alright?\" Maryn shifted on her feet. \"Does she know everything about you?\" Hennodded his head. \"She knows that I'm immortal and about mynpowers and stuff.\" \"Yeahn what I meant was does she know everything about you?\" Marynasked again this time putting the emphasis on \"everything.\" Hancockntook the hint. \"I haven't told her about you or us if that'snwhat you mean. I wouldn't expose you like that, your nsecret is safe with me.\" \"Thanks,nI appreciate it.\" \"Youncan trust me , I won't discuss it with any else unless I have nyour permission to.\" Therenwas a few minutes of silence between them before she spoke again. n\"Aaron's birthday is tomorrow.\" \"Ohnyeah?\" \"Weren throwing a birthday party for him over at our house.\" Marynexplained \"Some of his friends and cousins are coming over andnas long as I'm here I say that you can come over if you'dnlike to.\" \"Whatntime will it start?\" \"It'sngoing to start around noon.\" \"I'llnbe there.\" \"GreatnAaron will be so thrilled to hear that you will come over.\" \"In wouldn't miss his birthday party you know.\" Hancock said Maryn eyes scanned his face. \"He really misses you Aaron that is.\" \"JustnAaron?\" He asked watching her. Shen nearly blushed under his gaze and allowed herself a smallnsmile. \"Well maybe I do to just a little.\" \"Justna little?\" Hancock asked with a raised brow. Whatnwas she going to tell him that she had missed him more than a mortalnwould miss breathing or walking when he was dating another woman. nMary decided that it was something that she was just going to have ton keep to herself. \"When are you planning to go back to NewnYork?\" She asked avoiding his question. Henscratched his chin. \"I figured to stay the weekend and then to nfly back on Monday.\" \"Sonsoon?\" \"Indon't want to stay here for to long.\" \"Whyndo you have something important to do back in New York?\" \"Notnreally.\" He answered. \"But you know what happens when werenclose to each other for to long and I figured that if I left onnMonday, you're powers and immortality wouldn't be affected.\" \"Younjust got here yesterday, I don't think sticking around for a ncouple of days longer would hurt.\" \"Indon't know.\" \"You'ven been gone away for two years.\" Mary said to him. \"Like Insaid Aaron has missed you, of would really bum him out if younleft so soon.\" Hancocknsighed. \"What if you start to lose your powers and becomenmortal.\" \"Thenn you can leave, but as for now were both fine, right?\" \"Right.\" \"Son you'll stay a few extra days?\" \"In guess it wouldn't hurt.\" \"Great…..welln I'll leave and let you get back to where ever you were doing.\" n Mary made a move to leave. \"Wait.\"n He said walking up to her and talking her hand in his. \"Yountake care of yourself alright, don't go out drinking to much wine.\" \"Inwon't.\" She said even though she was sure that it was innocentnon his part, having his hand over his had her thinking not soninnocent things and the fire that was created whenever she wasnclose to him or made contact with him, simmered around them andnthroughout the room. For moments nothing was said as she lookedndeeply into his eyes. Thendoor to the hotel room opened and Mary broke the contact slippingnher hand out of his. She turned around and saw Elizabeth enter thenroom with several shopping bags. \"Hello, I'm back.\" nElizabeth said \"Finishednshopping?\" Hancock asked. \"Atnleast for today.\" Elizabeth answered him. She then spotted Mary. n\"I was expecting you here Mary\" Maryncleared. \"I was just dropping some cookies off., but also I wasnjust leaving.\" She walked towards the door looking back atnHancock. \"I'll see you tomorrow.\" Hancocknnodded his head at her. \"Yeah see you.\" Marynwalked out of the door. Elizabethnput down her shopping bags and looked at Hancock. \"It feels hotnin here, is the heat on?\"[Chapter 3] Itnwas the sound of her own screams that had jolted her awake.nNot out loud but inside her head from her awful dream. A nrecurring nightmare that played over and over again in her mind andnhad been for the last eighty years. Sometimes she could have a nnight of sleep without the nightmare happening, but it would always ncome back never completely fading away from her mind or memory. nNightmares about that one awful night where he'd been takennaway from her not physically but mentally and emotionally , becausenof a vicious attack on them inside of an alley. The nightmarenplayed out the same way as in an flashback of what had happenednthat night. They walked down the alley happily holding hands,nwhen there was a rush of footsteps from behind them. Theynturned to see who it was and it was a group of four men. When she nsaw the expressions on their faces she knew that they meant to donthem harm and apparently so did he as he moved instantly tonprotect her. They shouted out awful things as they approached thencouple, then they just attacked like a pack of wolves. He tried tonfend them off but was outnumbered and his powers had been reducednto their weakest point because of being around her for so long, henrefused to allow them to get to her and in his fight to protect her nhe'd gotten a hard blow to the head with a bat that one of thenmen were carrying. Shenremembered the sickening thud of the weapon crashing against his nskull and how he crumbled to the ground. She screamed which had ncaused the men to run away in fear of being caught but the damagento him had already been done. He laid on the ground blood poolingnout of his head , she fell down to her knees screaming his namenover and over again as tears streaked down her face and then shenwould wake up, nightmare always ending at the same point. Now she nsat up in bed in present day as memories of that night were sonfresh in her mind. She brought a hand to her face and realized nthat it was wet with tears, looking over at Ray who was stillnsleeping she was glad that he was a dead to the world type ofnsleeper, she didn't want to deal with any of his questions at nthat moment. It was morning but the sun had yet to rise. Gettingnout of bed she walked over to the bathroom and over to the sinknwhere she splashed cold water on her face. Swallowing hard Marynlooked in the mirror and saw unshed tears in her eyes rememberingnmore of what had happened on that night. Shen had gotten to the hospital as fast as she could to see him. Whennthey finally allowed her to go to his hospital room to see him henwas awake and she was relieved that the attack wasn't so severenthat it put him into a Coma or even worse killed him. Her reliefnquickly turned to emotional pain as she saw that he didn't knownher, his memory of her and their life together knocked clean away. nShe stood over his hospital bed crying and all he could do was looknup at her expression confused like he couldn't understand why shenwas crying. It was to much to take , that was when she decided tonwalk away and to leave him behind. If he couldn't remember her,nhe would no longer remember the love that they shared and thereforenwouldn't feel the need to protect her which resulted in him nearlynlosing his life every single time. It had been hard not to turn back nand return to his side, she forced herself to walk out of thatnhospital and eventually to leave Miami. And ever since then shensuffered in her heartbreak and pain. For the next eighty yearsnshe wandered the world alone missing him and loving him so muchnand hurting because she couldn't be with him. She neededndesperately to get her mind off of the ache that she was feeling, sonwhen she saw Ray in the supermarket a few years back she took thenopportunity and ran with it, but still ached for her soul mate ofna thousands of years in her own silent pain. Then only thing that she could hold onto was that him not rememberingnher meant him staying away and that he wouldn't be near her andnwouldn't risk losing his powers and his life and it had workednuntil that day that he showed up outside of her house with Ray. nUntil she saw how much he had suffered because of her walkingnaway on that one night. She was content in her life with Ray andnbeing a mother to Aaron but when he came back she realized that hern love and attraction to him was still as strong as it had always nbeen and always would be. So she tried to be cold and mean to himnto push him away for his best interest and it didn't work, he stillnnearly lost his life from being around her. Now today here he was nback again and she couldn't let him go. Sighing Mary turned awaynfrom the mirror with everything that was on her mind she knew thatnthere was no way she would get back to sleep instead she got ready tongo through the rest of the day.  Laternthat day Aaron's birthday party had started and the house and nback lawn was filled with parents and their children who had ncome over. Presents sat on the table waiting to be opened, Rayncooked hamburgers and hot dogs on the grill and the cake sat nready to be cut into. Children ran around playing and the adultsntalked to each other. Mary noticed when Hancock came over andnnoticed that he wasn't alone and that he'd brought Elizabeth. nMary briefly talked with him until Aaron came up eager tonintroduce the heroes to all of his friends. Hancock was great withnthe kids he played a few games with them and answered a few of theirncurious questions. Everybody ate some hamburgers and hot dogs andn then the presents were opened. Aaron loved most of his presentsnbut seemed to cherish the one from Hancock the most. A big nshiny new toy fire truck and a whole set of brand new hot wheels.nAfter the presents it was time for the cake. Then the kids playednsome more as the adults talked. Hancocknwas off to the side talking to Ray and a few other guys and Marynsat at a outdoor table having a conversation with some other wivesnand moms. The conversation was going pretty well when Elizabethnapproached the table. \"Don you ladies mind if I join you?\" She asked them. Marynlooked up. \"Not at all.\" Elizabethn grabbed a chair and sat down. \"Thanks I tried to talk to somenpeople but really don't know anybody.\" \"That'sn okay we won't bit.\" One of the Moms said. \"You going tonintroduce us Mary?\" Maryn cleared her throat. \"Sorry. Janet this is Elizabeth she flewnover from New York, Elizabeth this is Janet.\" \"Nicento meet you.\" Janet told Elizabeth. \"Backnat you.\" Elizabeth said to her. \"Sondid you fly all of the from New York by yourself?\" Janetnasked. Elizabethnshook her head. \"No actually I came with him.\" She gesturedntowards Hancock who was laughing it up with Ray. \"Waitn you know Hancock too?\" Janet wanted to know. \"Indo really well.\" Elizabeth answered with a smile. \"Hownwell is really well?\" Janet asked wanting to know even more. Innher seat Mary shifted at this point wishing he was anywhere else.nNot comfortable with the fact that it was about to be revealed that nanother woman was dating the man that she secretly still had veryndeep feelings for. \"He'sn my boyfriend.\" Elizabeth told the table of woman. Nownall of the women except for Mary was suddenly much more interested nin what Elizabeth had to say. \"Seriously you're dating him?\"n One of the other Mom's asked. Elizabethngrinned. \"I am seriously dating him!\" \"Wow.\"n The other Mom went on. \"You must feel lucky.\" \"Indo feel lucky, how many women get to date a man with super powers?\"n Elizabeth asked. Maryn had to stop herself from rolling her eyes as she sipped on lemonade. \"WellnI think you're the only one at least for right now.\" The Momnwas saying. \"Inam damn lucky.\" Elizabeth said now practically gloating. \"Telln us what it is like to date a Super hero.\" Janet joined back innthe conversation. Elizabethnsighed. \"Excellent, I guess I'm the only one at this table thatnknows what that is like.\" Maryn bite her tongue to keep herself from making a comment on that nstatement. \"Isn just such a great charming guy.\" Elizabeth went on. \"I think nwe have what it takes to last.\" Maryn couldn't stand to her anymore. \"Excuse me I have to go in thenhouse and get something.\" She got up from the table and headedninto the house. She could no longer set around and listen to nElizabeth talk about her relationship with Hancock. With every wordnthe woman spoke Mary felt jealously like she never felt before. Andnmaybe that was because in all of the thousands of years that she wasnwith him, he'd never really looked at another woman besides her.nHe'd always told her that she'd be the one he would be with fornthe rest of eternity and it took him getting amnesia for him to evennlook in the direction of another woman. She couldn't help whatnshe felt she was still crazy about the man and it got to her to hearnabout his romantic relationship with another woman. Innthe kitchen Mary absently picked up a glass her mind on somethingnor someone else. To think that Elizabeth was nearly bragging aboutnher relationship with Hancock, it really burned Mary up on theninsides. She wanted to shout out what was a few months compared tonthousands of years but resisted. Hancock was basically her husbandnstill and to see him with someone else…..Mary squeezed the glassntighter and tighter in her hand with the more jealously and anger shenwas feeling and didn't realized how tight until it shattered tonpieces in her hand, by her powerful strength. She quickly lookednaround and was glad that no one was in the kitchen at the moment.nShe opened up her hand and saw dozens of pieces of broken glassnresting in her palm. Any normal person would have numerous cuts onntheir hands right now with all of the sharp pieces of glass but notnher. She was still staring at the glass in her hand when Hancocknwalked into the kitchen. \"HeynMary.\" He said Marynnearly jumped out of her skin as she turned to approach him. \"Uh nhey.\" Hisneyes scanned her face. \"Are you alright?\" \"YeahnI'm fine.\" She said quickly Hancocknsaw the broken glass in her hand. \"What happened there?\" \"OhnI had a glass in my hand and I accidentally broke it.\" Shenanswered she wouldn't tell him what lead up to her breaking it nthough. \"Really?n Let me see.\" He took her hand and examined it closer. \"Seenit's alright and I'm fine.\" She said but didn't bother tonremove her hand of his. \"Yepnnot a scratch.\" He said tapping her palm with his finger andnreleasing her hand. Marynmoved over and quickly dusted the glass off of her hand into antrash can. \"Younreally should be more careful when there's a lot of people around.n They see you not getting hurt when people normally would be andnthey'll ask questions.\" \"Andn you wouldn't want that to happen?\" She asked him \"WellnI want whatever you want.\" Hancock said to her. \"That meansnthat you don't want anyone else to know who you are right?\" \"Right.\"n She said Hancocknnodded his head. \"Then be more careful.\" \"Inwill be.\" She said as she looked up into his face.  Fromnoutside Elizabeth watched the exchange through the sliding windowndoors. She was to far away to hear what they were talking about nbut she saw him taking her hand and how close they were standingntogether. They were alone in the kitchen and Elizabeth wonderednwhat in the world they could be talking about that could make thenmoment seem so intimate. Perhaps she told herself that she wasnreading to much into it. After all Mary was a married woman andnElizabeth knew that Hancock was her boyfriend. She told herselfnthat she has nothing to worry about. ","Summary":" Being in New York for almost two years, Hancock continued to gain favor in the eyes of America and "},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"The Third Forgotten","Author":"TheAura74","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5387059","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Third Forgotten Chapter 1: The Boy Hancock's life is pretty normal now, with the steady superhero gig. He visits Ray, Mary, and Aaron every year for a few days depending on the crime rate. He's completely forgiven and moved on from Mary. He's even been on a few dates. He hopes to even have a child. But that wont be for a long while. Right now all he wants to do is get a bottle of his favorite wine and fall asleep on his favorite chair. But as he flies by the nearest skyscraper, his plans are deterred. He notices someone standing on the ledge of the building and they're watching him….closely. He circles around to gain enough lift to reach the top of the building. He lands and stares at the figure. \"Hey, what're you doin up here?\" Hancock asks in his usual tone. The figure doesn't respond. \"Hey, I'm talking to you…..\" \"You know Hancock….Not that's your real name but let's go with that for now. It's funny, these humans destroy themselves yet you bother yourself with their well being. Why?\" The figure asks. It's a boys voice. Hancock is completely puzzled by the question but he realized that he asked his question first. \"Answer me and I'll answer you.\" He says The boy turns, he wears a white sweatshirt, grey jeans, white sneakers, and head phones blasting indistinct rock music into his ears. He has the same features as Hancock, but only younger. \"Hmm, simply observing,\" The boy says,\" No it's your turn.\" To a simple person, the way the boy dresses and the music he listens to would completely contradict the way he speaks. Hancock searches his own mind for the answer to the boy question. But, sadly, he doesn't actually know. \"Look, I just do ok. I don't know, it just feels like I have to.\" The boy tilts his hooded head. \"Have to? Well, I don't find that a suitable answer to that type of question. I'll be going now.\" The boy turns and looks at the ground below. \"He, don't do it. Don't test me boy!\" Hancock yells. But the boy has already let himself drop off the ledge. Hancock bolts after him and jumps off the ledge. The boy turns in the air to face him. \"Why are you flying after me 'Hancock', saving me because you 'have' to?\" The boy says sardonically. He doesn't respond while zooming after the boy falling three stories ahead of him. \"This is quite boring Hancock, I expected you to be faster than this.\" The boy says. He turns his back to Hancock and as the ground gets closer he smiles. He stops a few feet from the ground, just hovering and looking up at Hancock. He shakes his head in disappointment then blasts into the air, faster than Hancock can even see. Hancock watches in complete awe as he lands. He doesn't know who the boy is, where he came from, and he sure as hell doesn't know the answers to the boys questions. But, he does know that he's going to speak to Mary. He's going to California.[Chapter 2] The Boy II: Point of View By now, the boy is halfway across the country. Sonic booms and swishes of wind fill the air as he passes in the sky through each city. Anyone could tell he was seriously on the move. He was heading to the one place Hancock would try to go after what happened that day. He figured Hancock wouldn't try to go there immediately. He'd been watching the both of them for sometime now. Even before Hancock was rehabilitated and became tolerated by the people. He watched Hancock pass out on benches in drunken melancholy, without a care of who saw or what people thought of it. He watched as people passed and made faces and shouted names, he listened to radio stations chastise Hancock ungratefully. He even called in to respond to one of the ingrate callers opinions about Hancock. \"This is Electric 101.2, Caller, what do you think about Hancock's activities?\" The Jock asked enthusiastically. \"I think he's horribly insane, that report about the train incident was terrible.\" \"Well the man that was rescued didn't seem to share your opinion, he thanked Hancock. The man had a family.\"' \"Look, the bottom line is that he could've done a better job with it, that train was wrecked entirely.\" The caller continued. \"Next caller, your opinion?\" This time, it was the boy. \"To the last caller, you're and IDIOT! You cannot seriously chastise a man who saved another's life. Forget the train, it can be replaced. A LIFE cannot be. Imagine if Hancock had not been there, the man rescued and several others might've died. So if you were in his position, what would your choice be? A train or a life?!\" The boy yelled. After that call, the radio went quiet for a long period of time then went straight to commercial and the previous caller almost crapped themselves. The jock couldn't believe what he'd heard and the tech behind the glass told him to cut it straight to a break. On the upside they got more ratings than ever before. As the boy flies, he watches the each city he passes go through its routine. He passes over crimes not caring who did what or what he \"could\" do to help stop it. He isn't like Hancock, he doesn't care how people handle and preserve themselves, it was their job to protect themselves and each other. Why should anyone have to do it for them, all that said to him was that human are lazy and don't want to take the initiative. The Boy concluded that he would reach his destination by the end of the night, and that Hancock would reach it by the middle of the next day, maybe later. He figures that the occurrence in New York would freak Hancock out enough to where he would go to the only person that knows more about Hancock himself than he did: Mary. As he descends blasting over various cities in Nevada he lands in Las Vegas for a good night of female attention and drinking. Yea he was underage, in looks, but that wouldn't stop him. He has his ways.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three: Bone Picking When the plane lands, Hancock moves through the airport like one with a purpose. Well that is because he has one, his upcoming confrontation with Mary weighs heavy on his mind. He passes men, women and children alike, all with the same expression set upon their faces. Then one says, \"Hey, it's Hancock!\" He smiles and waves as people take their pictures and even signs a few autographs. A die hard fan even asks if he'd kiss her baby, which he does so he doesn't disappoint the people. He's never liked much attention and wished he just simply dismiss the people. But he know now that threats of putting peoples heads in another persons ass is wrong and hurtful, so he refrains from doing so and simply stomachs the attention. When he was finally away from the people inside, he stands in the sun, remembering the way he felt everyday in California. \"It's always cold in New York, I miss this place.\" He says with his eyes closed. He stands there in the sun for about ten minutes just absorbing the heat and remembering the times he had here, then Mary flashes into his mind and he remembers just what he came for. He frowns some and jumps into the sky, taking off with a loud sonic boom. While flying for Ray's house, he wonders exactly what he's going to say. His eyes are focused on his surroundings but his mind is in a whole other area. How is he going bring it up? He knows Mary will feel guilty, but she should, she had told him that they were the last of the immortals. That they had all paired up and died. And now, for some unexplained reason there was one standing on a skyscraper in New York that wasn't him. If there are more, he deserves to know, and they both deserve to go and meet them. At Ray and Mary's house, everyone's going through their daily routines. Ray is handling calls and paperwork for his All Heart organization, Mary is cleaning and preparing lunch, grilled sandwiches, and Aaron is running around, speaking of Hancock as usual. None of them know that their day will be quite interesting. \"Hey Mary, where are my reports? Have you seen them?\" Ray says coming in from his office. \"You walked right past them, Hun.\" Mary answers, motioning to the table behind him. Ray arches a brow, one of his many clueless faces. He turns and looks over the table for a few seconds before approaching and searching with his hands. \"I don't see th—Ah! Got 'em! Thanks Angel.\" He approaches her, planting their patented \"double kiss\". Ray walks out of the room back to his office, filing away more papers. Aaron runs past Mary, playing with one of his many plastic dinosaur toys. \"Aaron, slow down, you're going to hurt yourself. As much as you love Hancock, you aren't him.\" \"Sorry mom!\" Aaron says as he speeds down the hallway to the living room. Mary smiles slightly watching her son dash away. She finishes making the sandwiches, setting them on a plate, grabbing the bowl of salad and making her way to the dining room table. \"Ray, Aaron, come to the table. Lunch is ready.\" Mary calls out into the house. Aaron runs o from the living room and skids to a stop, nearly hitting the table. \"Aaron, what have I said about running, hm?\" Mary asks with a stern yet caring look on her face. \"Not to, sorry Mom.\" Aaron answers looking at the floor, he knew he wasn't to run but no one played with him outside, they were too afraid as opposed to before when they picked on him. Ray walks in from his office on the phone. He waving a sheet of white copy paper in the air and talking a bit impatiently. \"Well I don't care about what Tony said, 'I' said to transfer the file and work on the donation reports. Trust me, it'll work out.\" He says before hanging up the phone and turning to the table and lowering himself into his chair, Mary and Aaron following suit. As they begin eating, not even a bite and a forkful of salad in, the doorbell rings. And behind the frosted window near the door, a tall figure can be seen, pacing impatiently, holding a suitcase. Ray walks to the door and peers through the frosted glass window, why, no one would ever figure out since its frosted, but Ray could make out the figure anywhere. He smiles widely and decides not to say who it is yet, believing it'll be a good surprise for Aaron. He opens the door. \"Hey, you showed up so unexpectedly, Hancock, we were just sitting down for dinner. Come on in.\" Ray says happily, waving him inside. Aaron, who had heard Hancock's name, tears from the table and dashes into the living room towards the door. \"Hey, HANCOCK! What are you doing here?\" Aaron screams, running over to him and latching himself to Hancock's leg like a leech straight out of a cold lake. \"I just wanted to come back and check on you all. You know…maybe talk to Mary about some of our history.\" Hancock said, looking right at the blonde woman who had entered shortly after Aaron. Mary tilts her head, confused. She'd thought she told him everything he'd possibly needed to know, not remembering if she left anything out. \"Sure, come join us at the table, we've got an extra sandwich and salad. We can discuss it then.\" She nods and heads back to the table. Aaron runs after her and ray follows after them next waving Hancock into the dining area. After everyone was settled at the table again, Hancock begins to speak of his flight and of all the people clambering over him. They even talked of Ray's bustling business. Aaron even added that he had great times at school now, not being bullied any more. Finally though, Hancock had to ask. He turned to Mary. \"Just before I left, I was flying around after patrolling Manhattan, and saw someone on a ledge at the very top of a building. This boy…he was just standing up there lookin' at me. I flew up there and we talked for a while. He asked a bunch of weird questions. He seemed real angry about somethin', I don't know what it could've been, but, I figured you might know him…since he jumped off the building and flew away.\" Hancock says almost too nonchalantly staring right at her while forking a leaf of lettuce and placing it into his mouth and beginning to chew slowly, like he's waiting for her to answer. Mary's eyes widen, in what seems like horror. She becomes flustered, immediately, raising her hand to her forehead and rests her face against it. He shakes her head, a muffled sob escaping her. She looks up at John and bites her lip. \"I'm sorry…I should have told you this at the hospital that night, but when we were attacked, and you left California, I just didn't get a chance to tell you. That boy…he's your s-son.\" John's eyes go wide. Ray sets his fork down, Aaron carries on eating, as he doesn't realize the gravity of the situation. Hancock's mind starts to race. Why had she kept this from him too? It didn't make any sense, whatsoever. If a man has a son, that's something he'd want to know about right? He shook his head and looked at Ray. Ray stared back, then looked at Mary again. John's thoughts were jumbled. Just three years ago, he found that he used to be married to Mary. But now, all of a sudden he had a son. He knows that they got attacked, but she had three years to tell him about this boy. Why hadn't she? \"Why didn't you tell me after that?\" John started to sound a bit angry. But it was a mixture of emotion. Anger, confusion, excitement, and everything in between. Mary looks up at him and shakes her head still lightly sobbing. It seemed that there was some type of reason, like she was holding it back from him. John starts to grow impatient while Ray guides Aaron out of the room, telling him to go up stairs. \"Angel, you need to tell Hancock something…It his son, you shouldn't have held it from him in the first place.\" Ray says, trying to sound comforting and supportive, though he's just as impatient as John at this point. He wants to know too. Truthfully, though, he wasn't ready for a super powered step-son, though, Aaron would be thrilled. Mary sigh through her sobs and covered her mouth with the back of her hand, tears streaming down her face. She shook her head and spoke softly. \"It was like before. I didn't think that you'd miss what you didn't remember. I didn't think he'd find you. I'm sorry, but I wanted to start over, leave behind anything that was a part of my old life.\" \"So you left your son? With no one?\" Hancock retorted, eyes reflecting the part of him that he'd lost so many years ago in that alley with those gangsters. His mind was racing still, worsened by Aaron running around upstairs like a madman. Usually, this type of stress would've brought on one of his hankerings for wine, but right now was not the time at all. Ray looked ultimately shocked, even more so than Hancock. He stared across the table at Mary. He was running the scenarios through his head over and over again, trying to find a way to understand it, but he couldn't. What would she do if something had happened to him, would she leave Aaron alone? He shook his own head and rested it in his hands. \"Angel…how could you do it again? You lied to him twice, this time worse. What were you thinking, why would you think that you were doing him a favor?\" Ray speaks, looking up at the ceiling, hearing a loud thud from upstairs, Aaron probably tripped.\"Aaron, slow down!\" Ray called up to his son. Mary look up at both John and Ray, she simply shrugs. She didn't haven answer, there's nothing that one could really say that would be a good enough answer. Nothing at all, there's no excuse for not telling a man about his son, none whatsoever. So under what circumstances could someone as \"sweet\" as Mary rationalize that? That's what Ray was thinking at the time before a loud crash from upstairs ruined his whole thought process. Ray, John and Mary run upstairs, tripping over each other on the way up. John ends up in front of everyone. His eyes narrow as the dust clears from his vision. He sees two figures, the larger one holding Aaron up by the back of his shirt. The dust falls completely, the larger figure. Its familiar, almost too familiar. Hancock runs that fiure through his head then realizes immediately who it is. \"You!\" Hancock yells pointing out the figure to Ray and Mary.\" That's him, the boy I was talking about!\" Mary nods, terrified, validating what John said. The boy laughs and smirks, the malicious intent evident in his eyes.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: A Son Sacrificed The Boy's eyes were cold, yet the smile on his face reflected the dark intent that was in store for the family that watched as Aaron, the young boy they all cared for, hung by his shirt, held by a nightmare in the flesh. The air was thick with dust from the debris but even more so with the tension the family felt. The Boy's gaze shifted to Mary, observing her horrified expression, giving a scoff of disbelief. \"I heard all of it, so you know. Your explanation down there. While you were correct, you must be some kind of mentally disturbed to think that line of thought was excusable.\" He said, looking over Aaron's face as he hung, unconscious. He wasn't injured in any visible way other than his unresponsive appearance. Ray was red with anger as he watched his son be handled like he was nothing. It was a helpless anger, as there was nothing that he could possibly do without getting hurt or killed, himself. The normally charitable and forgiving man would've been driven to murder if this was a scenario with another mere man. But this wasn't. It was a familial struggle between Gods. Angels. Between Super-beings. Hancock, though, was another case. He took a tentative step forward, reaching out a hand that seemed to plead the Boy on its own \"Listen, this...this is between you, me and your Mother. Let's keep Aaron out of it. He's just a boy.\" The man spoke, trying his best to make the Boy see reason. \"Your name? What do you want me t'call you?\" \"Isaac. I was never a fan of the name, as apparently, my Mother is the one who chose it. But it has some meaning. A son sacrificed. Biblical, don't you think?\" Isaac answered, watching Hancock as he took his step forward, his expression showing his discontent. \"Isaac, then, please. Gimme the boy.\" Hancock pleaded again. Mary's hands covered her mouth as tears streamed down her reddened face, concentrated on her nose and cheeks. She soon took her own step forward, to the right of Hancock. Isaac's eyes locked on her as she moved forward, not so much bothered by Hancock's presence. His form lifted, his feet lifted from the floor as if the word was in a zero gravity state, moving backward toward the wall missing from the room. \"That isn't part of the plan just yet, Hancock. It seems that I know very little about this little brother of mine.\" He said, rotating his body in the air, Isaac spoke from over his shoulder. \"And brothers must bond.\" And with that, he burst from the room, blasting Hancock and the couple backward. Though Hancock was defeated just yet, showing this by bounding through the hole in the home, shooting into the air himself, zooming after Isaac. Mary stayed behind, looking at Ray as the man could only stare through the hole that was blasted in his home. The shock of his son being forcibly removed from his home was weighing heavily on him. He couldn't even look at his wife. \"Ray. We're going to fix this…\" Mary choked out, backing toward the open space. \"Just go get my son.\" Said the almost comatose Ray. Without another word, Mary shot into the air and followed after Hancock and Isaac. At the moment, her face wasn't wrought with worry. She wasn't crying, her brows were furrowed with determination. She would fix this. Though, she didn't know if she could get Aaron back and fix things with Isaac. But she would try. Ahead, she could see Hancock just behind Isaac and Aaron. Hancock was gaining on Isaac, quickly, soon getting to his right flank. He decided that it was time to start taking some action, rather trying to plead and appeal to his supposed son's better nature. The hero shot toward his son, hoping to ram him, but his speed slowed, remembering Aaron in his hold. Isaac spotted Hancock from the corner of his eye, reacting to his oncoming attack, he'd back right, sharply to send himself into a barrel roll right over the top of Hancock's form. His arms carefully braced Aaron, not wanting the boy to be injured during the flight. The little blonde wasn't to be hurt during the flight. But, what Isaac hadn't been able to account for was Mary's fierce approach, barreling right into his back mid-spin, causing him to let go of Aaron, sending the boy careening downward. Hancock shot after Aaron, while Mary wrapped his arms around Isaac, tightly. \"Let go!\" Shouted Isaac, struggling in his Mother's arms, his eyes searching the sky for Aaron and Hancock, noting that he could still get to the boy if he broke Mary's hold. \"Leave Aaron out of this, Isaac, please!\" Mary cried, pleading her lost son. A sharp elbow was thrust back against Mary's ribs, causing her to recoil and loosen her hold on Isaac. He spun, planting his feet against her sternum to use her as a springboard, shooting himself down toward Hancock and Isaac, diving through the air, his clothes rippling due to the resistance of the air. \"At least you care for one of us.\" He spoke, Reducing the distance between he and Hancock was simple, he was far faster, but Aaron was further ahead. Isaac's body collided with his father's, using the same technique as the one he used to escape his mother. Carefully adjusting his speed, he caught Aaron on their downward path, steadily changing course as not to injure the boy due to sudden stoppage at high speeds. He dipped into the clouds that adorned the sky, bracing Aaron as he pushed the limits of his flight, zooming away at a speed that Hancock and Mary could never reach. Not with each other so close. A look of defeat formed on Hancock's face and Mary couldn't stop a tear from sliding down her face as she looked at the man that had been her salvation on so many occasions. ","Summary":" The Third Forgotten Chapter 1: The Boy Hancock's life is pretty normal now, with the steady superhe"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"beat the same","Author":"emilyforprez","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7648912","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: this movie is the worst (((by that i mean it's obviously the best go watch it))) It's really fucking cold. Moses has like, sixty layers of clothes on, and it's still too cold. No one likes the winter here, but no one ever leaves, and everyone just complains about it when it's here and dreads it when it's gone. On New Years Eve, there's some tradition that requires everyone grumbling about the weather to still make the long journey out to the park to watch the fireworks. It's not snowing yet, but it's just cold enough that people are starting to think it might, and Pest is the only one willing to trudge out into the weather with Moses. Pest doesn't seem to ever have anything better to do than run around with him, anyways. \"What's the plan tonight, bruv?\" Moses can see his breath billowing out in front of him and he tightens the scarf around his neck. \"Fireworks.\" \"That's it?\" Pest's voice is taking on the retarded whining tone that he does when he's bored, and Moses honestly thinks he's fucking stupid. He wonders why he hangs out with him. \"Yeah, that's it , 'less you wanna go home to your nan.\" Pest huffs, shaking his head. \"Rubbish, jus' too fucking told out here, s'all.\" Moses snorts and Pest continues, \"Got any skins?\" Moses shakes his head and Pest sighs exasperatedly, that kind of nasally, scratchy sigh that he does that Moses fucking hates. It sounds like it's coming from deep in his throat or like he's trying to make it sound deeper than it is. Pest is always trying to impress everyone, due to being the size of a miniature poodle and with a voice high-pitched enough to match. Honestly, he's such an idiot, it's astounding, and Moses has half a mind to tell him to run back home to his nan and leave him alone. (He doesn't, but he entertains the thought.) By the time they reach the park, the fireworks have been cracking for several minutes. Moses abandons his bike behind a bench and settles with his back against the trunk of an oak, its branches stripped bare and black, the soil around it cold and crunching like snow. Pest doesn't say a thing, but he sits next to him and stretches his legs; next to Moses, he's so small and fragile that it's almost pathetic. \"Where's Biggz?\" Moses snorts, doesn't focus on the warmth of Pest's body beside his. \"Home with his mum, watching holiday movies on the sofa, trust.\" Pest laughs loud and obnoxious. \"'Course he is.\" Moses steals a side glance at Pest. The fireworks have been exploding for almost an hour, and the air is kind of smoky and dark, red and blue light all over Pest's pale face. Moses doesn't hate hanging out with him. He doesn't really hate him, not at all. \"Don't you gay me, bruv,\" Pest says, so soft and low that Moses barely hears him past the exploding color and light above them. And he remembers: room 191, no one around, just them, just Pest and Moses, like it's the easiest thing in the world. His real name is something dumb like Jonathan or Jacob but no one calls him that, he hates it. The room was dank and flooded with the smell of weed and booze and Pest kisses him slow, soft, teasing, his hands cold and the mattress creaking on rusty springs. No one talks about it, no one says a thing, like no one calls him Jonathan or Jacob and no one asks Moses why nobody's ever home at his place. \"Gay you?\" He scoffs angrily and they still don't talk about it. They don't talk about the way the color reminds them of chapped red lips and bruises turning black and blue. It's dumb that no one can say what they mean. No one can talk about anything without being afraid, so afraid. Pest looks at him, sideways, and the color is still there, and they don't move a muscle. Moses hates him a little, hates him a lot, actually, all the time. Pest has the worst laugh and the most retarded smile and he talks like he has a bunch of food in his mouth. Dumb. Fucking stupid. But Moses still smiles and they still don't talk about anything that matters. Just the color and the light and god, it's so fucking cold.[Chapter 2] Pest thinks about it a lot. What it would've been like if he had died in place of Dennis, in place of Jerome. If he had died along with them, even, leaving Moses alone with Biggz, sitting in Ron's weed room deliberately not talking about the empty spaces on the floor. He bets Moses thinks about it too. That's probably why he's gotten so quiet all of a sudden, staring off at a distant spot in the wall. Thinking. Tragically analyzing every frame of memory. \"If I had just been one step closer...\" Moses sometimes says, and he never finishes the sentence. Pest sits beside him, and they don't talk about the last time they were here, Moses versus the monsters. Not talking about it makes it feel like a dream. They don't have to even accept the reality that Jerome won't come in whining about his sisters, and Dennis won't show up grumbling about his dad being a cunt. And Biggz. Biggz still sits at home, listening to Dennis' voicemail over and over again. He doesn't even talk anymore. Moses shifts uncomfortably next to Pest, who had started to doze off with the cigarette still fitted between his fingers. \"Hey, cuz.\" \"Mm?\" \"When do you think we'll move on?\" Pest thinks about it for a moment. \"Don't think we ever will, bruv, trust.\" Moses laughs, hollow and fake. \"Believe.\" His voice is taking on the tone it does when he's heavy in thought, as if the bodies and their blood don't ever leave from behind his eyes. Maybe he still hears Jerome's screams when he's alone, or sees the look in Dennis' eyes right before his throat was ripped out. Pest doesn't remember details. His nan sent him to a therapist, which did fuck all for him. Now he can barely talk about it without his throat closing up. Subconsciously, he touches the scar on his leg, where the bitemarks haven't disappeared. He presses until it hurts, blinds him with pain, and takes in a shuddering breath. The doctors say it will never heal. He'll walk with a perpetual limp for the rest of his life. \"It's a bit rubbish, innit,\" he thinks aloud, \"but you ever think, if it had been you instead?\" Moses looks at him, looks right through him, to a memory that hasn't left his eyes. \"All the time, cuz.\" \"I wish it had been me,\" Pest says, in a way he doesn't really mean. He doesn't look Moses in the eye, but he gently touches the ripped skin just above Moses' left eye. Another wound that won't heal all the way. Moses is so close that Pest can feel the heat from his breath. \"Don't you be saying shit like that, man.\" And that's what it is. They feel guilty, both of them, because while Biggz can barely move out of the grief that seizes him, there's that unmistakable, sick sense of relief. Maybe that's why Moses can't stop thinking about it, or why Pest still wakes in cold sweats from nightmares. Like they're being punished. The truth is that if it had been Pest that died instead, Moses wouldn't have made it. He would've stopped to grieve. He would've made the mistake of not moving on. He'd have been killed. And if Moses had died - if Pest had to watch Moses breathe his last breath, if he had to watch him choke on the blood bubbling out of his mouth - he thinks he'd have been Biggz. Calling his voicemail and never leaving his room, turning pale and wan with sickness and making that mistake of never moving on. He would have lived in the memory forever. Pest doesn't look quite at Moses but they're both thinking the same thing, hating themselves for thinking it, and the sound of their silence fills the empty room.[Chapter 3] Moses keeps pushing his tongue against his cheek, tasting salt and something else on the inside of his mouth. Biggz left almost an hour ago, grumbling about his mum and overbearing parents. Moses wonders what it's like to have an overbearing parent. Pest nudges his foot with his heel, slumped against his shoulder. \"Where's your uncle?\" The words are low and whispered, like they weren't meant for anyone else. Pest has a way of doing that. Asking dumb questions with even dumber answers, making them sound like secrets. Moses inhales a flood of secondhand smoke. \"Where you think, bruv?\" Sometimes he comes by, old and ragged and reeking of meth, eyes wild and angry and hurling insults indiscriminately. Moses wishes he'd go for good, leave and never come back, end up dead in a crack den somewhere far away. Pest says nothing. His mum died when he was a baby, and his nan is the only one left. Moses doesn't pity him. He's got someone waiting up for him at home. \"Sorry, blud.\" Pest exhales a cloud of dark smoke, his eyes turning red and glassy. \"Shit, I love Ron's weed.\" Moses manages a smile. \"Best out there, trust.\" \"Trust,\" Pest echoes, slurring the single syllable. He's been heavy on Moses' side for a couple hours, and by now his arm is numb and prickling. Moses doesn't move at all. \"Your nan doesn't want you home?\" Pest smiles big and wide. \"Tryin' to get rid of me, yeah?\" \"Always.\" Moses leans back against the wall, closing his eyes. \"But you never leave.\" Pest stays at his place more than any of the others, popping up in the middle of the night or early in the morning, sleeping on the floor, the dirty couch. His nan always forgets he's gone. Maybe that's worse than having no one. Moses wonders what it would be like if his dad was still alive but couldn't remember his name. Pest shifts to face him. \"Quit being a cunt, alright,\" he says, face too close and eyes too big, pupils dilated. \"Tell me to fuck right off, and I will.\" Moses doesn't really consider it. \"You're good, bruv.\" He smells the salt off Pest's breath; it hits inside of his cheek, his tongue. He doesn't even think about it. He closes the hairbreadth of space and steals the puff of smoke from Pest's mouth, and his eyes are still closed, his skin too hot. He swallows a sound from the back of Pest's throat. He doesn't kiss girls like this, never has, always thinking too small, too big, too messy. He can taste the salt on Pest's lips. He wonders why he always could. \"You gay, man?\" Pest whispers it like a secret, and his chest is rapidly rising and falling, his eyes still too wide, his skin flushed red. Moses shakes his head. \"No.\" The mattress whines softly on its worn springs.[Chapter 4] Pest still feels Jerome's hand clutching his leg, still sees the blood dribbling down his chin as he screams for help, and Pest can't do anything about it. He just sees it. It's a bit unfair, really, that he has to live with that for the rest of his life, along with an ever-present limp and a scar. He says to Jerome's sisters, \"I watched him die,\" and they don't even care about that part. They scream, \"Monsters! All of you! I knew my brother shouldn't have been hanging around you lot!\" And look, and look, and look where it got him. Screaming out for help as the blood rises like bile in his throat. ... \"You promised me you wouldn't be getting into mischief.\" \"I know, nan.\" Her rattling breath shakes the air. \"What do you have to say, young man?\" \"I'm sorry, nan.\" Jerome's bloodshot eyes, his desperate hands clawing at Pest's legs. Help. Help. Help. \"I hope you've learned your lesson.\" \"Yes, nan.\" He'll never be rid of the screams. ... Moses barely speaks anymore, a shell of the boy he was, staring at what he's done. Pest reckons they all brought it upon themselves. Actions and their consequences. They try not to look at each other for too long, afraid of what they other is thinking. \"You told his sisters, yeah?\" Pest dutifully avoids his gaze. \"Yeah.\" \"Good.\" They try not to think about anything, but they think about everything, remember the details they try so desperately to bury. But memories last a long time, and they didn't disappear along with Jerome's body beneath the earth. Pest doesn't visit the grave. ... They ask him to describe what happened. Tell us, young man, what was it like watching everyone die? He says he doesn't know, he doesn't remember. It happened too fast (a truth). And what did Jerome say to you when he died? Pest doesn't have the right words for the lie. He doesn't know how to tell them what they want to hear. He asked me for help. He choked on his last words, you see, choked on his own blood as the monster dragged him away from me. He gripped my leg and screamed and I, and I, and I... Pest doesn't say a word.[Chapter 5] Oi, Dennis, it's Biggz, man. You'd never believe what just happened. You know those little shits, er - Probs and Mayhem, yeah? Saved my ass back there. I reckon I'd be dead if not for them. Crazy. Listen, I don't know if you've lost your mobile or something, but I'm heading over there now, trust. I'll be right there. ... Hey, where the fuck are you, cuz? I couldn't find you in the crowd. It's all rubbish, innit, them haulin' away Pest and Moses like that. I'm reckonin' you did lose your mobile, but if you get this, meet me by the gym. We're the last two free men left. ... You left your sweater at my flat. ... Pest and Moses get out in a few days. They got that nurse to testify for them or somethin' - all I know is they're out, and they might help me - you know, get over this shit. Man, I really hope you get this. ... Cuz, I'm thinkin' your sisters don't want me around no more. They kicked me out, see, proper mad. They don't want me there when they bury you. ... Oi, Dennis? I'm keeping that sweater. ... I reckon I should be sayin' somethin' but I can't think of anything to say. Moses says he still sees your face before they got you. Ripped out your throat, innit. I don't even wanna talk about it, think about it, shit. I'd never get that out of my head, believe. I hope they never turn your phone off, cuz. I'm thinkin' I'll burn that sweater.[Chapter 6] His parents die when he's young, a car accident in between reruns of Spongebob when he's up too late and can't sleep. Something like a car on the wrong lane or ice on the roads or brakes that stop working. He never asks, and no one ever tells him. They ship him off to his nan in South London, and she's old and faded but still smiles wide when she sees him and calls him by his name. Jacob Harris. Jakie, sometimes, if she's feeling nostalgic. The bath water runs cold, his sweater still smells like his mum's perfume, and he remembers the scratchy feel of dad's almost-beard against his cheek. … Moses has a real name. Jacob Harris doesn't know it. Jacob Harris is short and scrawny and whiter than a ghost, and the teachers hardly ever see him, sinking into his desk, not wanting to be seen. But Moses is kind of just there. The teachers notice him the most. They whisper behind corners and give him looks full of premonition and worry, and they don't ever say his real name. \"Hey.\" Moses doesn't even look twice. \"What?\" Jacob Harris has a voice that trembles and shakes like a scared animal. \"We live in the same block, yeah?\" \"I guess so.\" And Moses notices him, just for that moment. … Moses is the kind of angry that his nan warns him to stay away from, that his mum used to whisper to him about when he wobbled around on stubby feet. Moses is the kind of angry that worries everyone. Angry at everything, so he takes it out on everyone. Jacob Harris is just a day over 11 when Moses tells him, \"You're such a fucking pest,\" and blows him off with a smoke ring in his face. He turns and then stops, looks back, gives Jacob Harris the biggest smile known to man, and says, \"Just a pest.\" No one ever calls him anything different. Moses claps him twice on the back and turns soft with fondness and they never look back again. … Pest's mum and dad died in January, just after the new year began. Moses says his mum died a month before, that his dad never gave a shit, and they sit in room 191 and stay angry at everyone, grow angry at everything, take out their anger on each other when the first time Moses ever tells him, \"Hit me.\" And Pest does. \"Hit me again.\" … \"Where's your uncle?\" Moses deftly turns away. \"Go home to your nan.\" Pest doesn't understand anything, feels like he understands everything. His voice is loud and obnoxious and angry when he says, \"There ain't shit for me at home.\" Moses doesn't laugh. \"Ain't shit for you here either.\" But he stays, and Moses doesn't stop him, and they sit with their thighs barely touching on his couch, watching a film they've seen a million times but never really understood. Pest is twelve when he thinks about kissing another boy, and the secret never leaves room 191, stays forever stained in the walls, imprinted on the ceiling, trapped without an escape. … Pest's nan doesn't call him Jacob anymore, can't remember she has a grandson named Jakie at all, and when he leaves she tells him, \"Tell Roger to feed the cats for me,\" and Pest doesn't tell her that grandpa died years ago and the cats have long since scattered. He kisses her on the forehead and mumbles that he will and she sighs against him, saying he's a good boy, a good young man, who takes care of his mother so well. … It becomes easy. A cycle. Biggz and Dennis and Jerome come later, but in the beginning, it's just Moses and Pest, nicking candies off the shelf and grinning at each other around mouthfuls of chocolate. He becomes loud because no one will hear him if he stays bottled up. Moses becomes strong because no one will fear him if he's weak. They abandon the chocolate for old women shuffling with too-big purses, and promises of harm if they resist, and money that pays for the bills and the food with guilt that stays warm on their lips even after they swallow their dinners. They don't speak at all, but Moses slides across the couch and covers Pest's hand with his own and they both hate each other and themselves but they don't admit it out loud. They just breathe, and the secret never touches Pest's lips. … Jerome is short and pudgy with glasses the slide all the way down his nose. He makes them laugh and he doesn't need the money like they do, but he never says a word when they take it all for themselves, with a grin that trembles like he's glad they call him by a name, any name, as long as they don't ignore him. Biggz has shoes two sizes too big and thin arms, and his mum calls him ever four minutes, but Pest likes having someone around who's more awkward than he is. And Dennis comes later, much later, in a flurry of anger that cuts through Pest like a hot knife, and he never smiles the way Moses learned how to. There's something dark and sad in him and no one ever talks about it, but he has a face like trusting and a heart they can see, and when they're sitting in room 191, Dennis doesn't say a word about the way Pest looks at Moses when he's not paying attention. … \"Ever wish your dad hadn't fucked off?\" Pest leans forward on rocky knees, a smile too big for his face. Moses blows smoke in his face. \"Nah.\" \"Never?\" \"Never.\" Moses leans forward to catch the smoke in Pest's breath, and he smells like spearmint gum and something cold and bitter like alcohol. \"Ever wish your mum and dad hadn't —\" He doesn't finish the sentence because Pest slumps backwards and leans against the wall for support with a thud. \"You okay?\" \"Nope.\" He laughs. Moses shakes his head. \"If my dad hadn't fucked off, where'd we be, cuz?\" Pest would probably be at home, wearing a school uniform that fit him in all the wrong ways, without never knowing the feeling of smoking himself into that sweet place of no feeling. He'd be somewhere up north with his mum and dad making tea in the other room and Moses would never have given him his name. \"Nowhere.\" The realization hits him hard, or maybe he's just too fucking high. Moses nods a little, and Pest is fourteen when he thinks about kissing a boy again, and he doesn't really hate himself at all.[Chapter 7] He doesn't really think of it (until Pest), the way another boy's skin might feel pressed flush against his (until until until ), the way callouses and course hands and — the way it'd feel to (until until) — push another boy down, down, down, the bed creaking soft and whining thin and high, protesting angrily, and the way (until Pest, until that ) it'd feel to — (Until, until, he's thirteen and Pest is paler than a sheet and he's small and skinny and quiet, and he gets loud when he's angry and angry when he's loud, and he grins wider than his face can handle, splitting his skull in two.) And they're fifteen, and Pest's fingernails make half-moon marks indented into the nape of Moses's neck, and he breathes low and soft and urgent and whispers, \"Look at me,\" and Moses is too scared, and the kisses are closed-mouth and taste like secrets and the night is young and they feel too old to be such children. (Until, until , until — Pest makes the world turn again.) … His uncle comes home and whispers, \"Faggot,\" into his sleeping ears, and mutters faggot into the air and everything feels like he's just been marked with a name that isn't his. The walls stained with faggot . His mouth tastes like — (againmoreshitfuckdon'tstop Pest ) — faggot. His teeth are made of bone and his uncle punches him in the mouth, warm, sweet blood spilling from his lips, metallic and salty on his tongue, and he punches back until he can feel the bone crushing beneath his fists and he laughs loud and obnoxious and hateful and his uncle says he ain't coming back this time. The echoes of the word ( faggot faggot faggot ) still bounce off the walls a million times and Pest tsks and shakes his head and tells him, \"Moses, bruv, you can't control your temper worth shit, man.\" And Moses doesn't know how to speak anymore so he touches him instead and there's a gasp of air in between them and the word that hangs still and silent and meaning something special and different and bitter. (Until — and Pest breathes a word, a please , a promise — until Moses pushes him down [down, down] onto the bed and —) ( Faggot ) — when Pest traces the curve of his collarbone and his breath is hot against the taut skin — — and Moses kisses him open-mouthed and ( faggot ) his hand dips beneath Pest's trousers and curves around — Pest swears and his head falls back onto the bed that creaks and whines and Moses doesn't remember ever touching a girl like he touches another boy, and maybe it says something about him. Maybe — ( FAGGOT ) … (Down, down, down.) Pest stares right up at him and everything else is white noise. ","Summary":" A/N: this movie is the worst (((by that i mean it's obviously the best go watch it))) It's really f"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"You And Me","Author":"AriaJ","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9818774","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I swore quietly, turning my head to see my nan giving me a displeased look, but she quickly focused her attention back to the television, intently watching today's shitty news – one day she's probably gonna see me on there .But the reason for my swear wasn't due to the fact that my nan wouldn't let me play FIFA, but the fact that it was Friday night and also bonfire night and I had no idea where the rest of the guys where. I looked towards my bedroom door, where my fingers where twitching knowing that underneath my bed laid my stash of fireworks and bangers. A smirk etched its way onto my face as I heard already impatient knocking. \"Yo Pest man!\" Speak of the devil and they shall appear, I looked towards my Nan giving her the signature prized grandson face, and motioned with my head towards the door. \"Oh go on then\" wagging her wrist at me, she didn't break eye contact from the screen, even when I gave her a brief kiss to the cheek, while jumping over the sofa, and grabbing my green and grey adidas jacket as well as my favourite beanie with small tattered tassels, I sprinted to the door mid-dress. Opening it, I was grabbed by the scruff of my jacket and pulled through the door, 'Biggz' and Dennis where the ones to greet me. Biggz was a huge mothers boy at heart and granted me and the rest of the boys had lead him astray, getting him into things he shouldn't, his afro like hair was tucked underneath his purple hoody. The other boy Dennis was a self-proclaimed lady's man, due to his clean cut hair and smooth confidence. Dennis pushed my shoulder as he walked past towards the stairs. \"Jesus man, where have you been? Everyone's waiting.\" I ran up behind Dennis, and attacked him from behind, giving him a good punch in the arm. \"Well if you pricks had just told me\" Dennis and Biggz shared a laugh together behind me as we trudged down the hallway towards the stairs; I rolled my eyes and threw my hood over my head in disinterest. I heard the stomping footsteps behind me as Biggz jogged to my side, throwing his arm around my shoulder. \"Man, where's Rache?\" Throwing open the doors to the stairs I through my hands into my jacket. \"I Dunno, man.\" I shook my head in annoyance as Biggz wiggled his eyebrows in my direction in a knowing and suggestive manner. Dennis pushed past us as he sat atop the stair bannister, sliding down it. \"I'm telling you man, that girl wants me.\" Taking the opportunity as he reached the end, I shoved him off the banister and watched in amusement as he landed in a heap on the floor with a grunt of surprise. Biggz held his stomach as he laughed next to me as we approached the large double doors to the next floor, we both stopped as we held the doors open for Dennis who was slowly rising from his position on the floor. \"She wouldn't want your small dick anyways.\" Smirking at Biggz, we both started to sprint down the corridor as we heard Dennis' cursing behind us. Laughing our way down the length of the corridor and without looking back, we skidded round the corner, but I found myself slamming into someone, grabbing their midsection to steady myself we both ended up falling to the floor. Opening up my eyes, I stared into the beautiful mist coloured eyes of Rachel, who at the moment was lying beneath me, both my arms on either side of her head holding myself upright. With a small groan of pain, she smirked up at me. \"Hey Pest.\"[Chapter 2] Stunned for a moment, I didn't reply to her greeting, I just continued to stare at her – not noticing the confused look that etched across her face. \"Pest?\" Hearing the footsteps and obvious sniggers of Dennis and Biggz, accompanied by wolf whistles, I quickly jumped to my feet, and adjusted my beanie on top of my head. Rachel got up slowly too, and dusted herself off. \"Hi guys.\" Still sniggering Dennis and Biggz gave their own replies. \"We going to get Moses?\" \"Umm yeah.\" Internally cursing myself and my stupid response, I threw my hands in my pocket as I followed Rachel's form down the corridor. Dennis' smug face appeared next to me, who was suggestively wiggling his eyebrows at me, and gesturing his head towards Rachel. Not bothering to waste any effort, I pushed him to the side and slapped him over the head. Biggz 'Ohh-ed' on the other side of me and then jogged up alongside Rachel, giving her a small side-ways hug and began talking animatedly with her. I sat atop my small BMX in the shadows of the trees lining the darkened streets; Biggz sat atop his own next to me, our arms crossed over the handlebars in boredom. The others; Moses, Rache, Jerome and Dennis, stood in a small semi-circle, all of us were chatting about random crap, school was brought up, as well as the new people that arrived today in the block. But the talk simmered down as Dennis nudged Moses' arm, motioning to the end of the street, where the figure of a woman emerged, talking deeply into her mobile phone. Moses inclined his head to Biggz and me, who in synchronization, pushed off of the pavement with a jump, and we crossed in front of the woman – who did not notice that we stopped just behind her. I heard the woman give a small whisper of \"oh shit\" as she looked at the group in front of her, and then looked back to me and Biggz. When she turned back to face the front, Moses was stood a few centimetres in front of her, donned in a black ski mask with his hood placed over his head, the others including me had done the same with hoods up or scarves covering a majority of our face. \"Give me the phone.\" Without hesitating the woman placed the mobile in Moses' outstretched hand, Moses then persisted that the woman hand over her bag, when the woman hesitated Moses grabbed the straps of the bag on the woman's arm and snatched it off her, throwing his hand in and grabbing her purse which he threw back to Dennis, who gave a mocking \"thank you.\" \"Give me the ring.\" Moses nodded to the ring placed on the woman's finger. The woman played with the ring on her finger and looked up pleadingly. \"Please it's not worth anything.\" Moses grabbed a small pocket knife from the folds of his jacket, and flicked it open. \"Give it to me, or you'll get merked, innit.\" Dozing off the events in front of me, I looked at Rachel who was stood near Dennis, and looking at her un-covered eyes, I knew. I knew she hated this. Her eyes zoned in on mine, and I gave her a small nod of the head, silently asking her if she was alright. She gave a small nod back, and shrugged her shoulders. Moses' voice grew in volume, and I watched as he grabbed the woman by the coat, bringing her closer to him, in worry she ripped the ring off her finger, and held it out to him. Loosening his grip, Moses grabbed the ring and thrust it into his pocket. Before he could motion for her to go however, all of our eyes moved towards a blue-ish white stream of light that was falling from the sky, and without warning it slammed into the car on the side of the road right next to us. Naturally, I flung myself to the ground, throwing my hands over my head as shards of glass poured down over me. As the small explosion quietened and recovering from the shock, I slowly got to my feet, and looked at everyone around me, watching as the woman that we had just mugged grappled to her feet and started to sprint down the street and ran round the corner. \"Oi, she's blitzing.\" I exclaimed looking over to Moses, who got to his feet, and ran his sleeve over his mouth. \"Allow it.\" Throwing my hand down to my side, I walked over to Dennis and Rachel who were still led on the cement. Squatting down over Rachel as she sat up I scanned over her body. \"You alright?\" Nodding her head quickly, she gave a small smile. \"Yeah.\" Getting to my feet I offered her my hand, which she took and I pulled her to her feet. My expressionless face zoned in on hers, and I noticed a small cut to her upper cheek, my thumb followed my gaze and wiped the small blood trail off her cheek. \"Thanks Pest.\" Throwing my hovering hand into my pocket, I turned back to Moses who at the moment had his legs and lower body dangling from the window of the car that he was searching through. \"So you're not going to help me up mate?\" Dennis muttered below me, giving me a wink. \"Fuck you.\" We all gave a cry of alarm as Moses jumped back from the vehicle, shouting that there was something in there, moments after a gruesome pale creature, with a large gaping mouth filled with fang like teeth, and hands with razor sharp claws leapt through the window, and landed on top of Moses, slashing at his face. Moses rolled to the side after he stuck the end of his knife into the creature's side, which gave a cry of pain and jumped away, clawing through the fence and making its way to the local playground. We all watched it leave in stunned silence, but then everyone around me apart from Moses and Rache started to laugh and jest at the fact that Moses just got \"shanked by a dobby,\" I watched Moses turn towards us, with three long claw marks upon his cheek. \"Shut up, I'm killing that thing, watch.\" As we all readied ourselves to follow the freaky creature, a ringing sound made us all stop in our tracks, Rachel grabbed her mobile from her pocket and brought it up to her face, and with a sigh she looked up at all of us. \"Sorry guys, I gotta go.\" Everyone \"aww-ed\" in response. \"Yeah, maybe you should go.\" I looked towards Biggz, but he was staring at the long bloodied scratches on Moses' cheek. Rachel raised her eyebrows at his remark \"umm okay?\" With a wave of her hand she turned her back to all of us \"see you guys later.\"[Chapter 3] Rachel's POV: Jumping again as another firework went off in a garden beside me, I shook my head and quickened my pace, watching the swirls of smoke erupt from my mouth as I took a drag from my cigarette. What is happening to me, usually I would have gone with the guy's then listen to my elder brother's threats of being home on time – hypocrite, he was never home. But, really I just couldn't be near Pest at the moment, everything was just too confusing. I remembered the first time I met Pest, him being the first member of the group that I had met. My first day at his school in maths, the teacher sat me next to him, and this basically lead to us being pretty close friends – starting with him copying my work or him stealing a pen every now and then. Sighing in relief as I saw the apartment building in sight, I slowed my steps as I saw three tall male figures loitering outside the front of the block. As I got closer I instantly wished that the guys where with me, I noticed one of the figures to be Hi-Hatz the self-proclaimed 'owner' of the block, suited up in his long leather , fur trimmed coat, on either side of him stood his side-kick a large built man, and another one of his lackeys. Throwing my cigarette to the side, I acted as natural as possible and made to move past them, but Hi-Hatz stepped in front of me, with a disgusting grin across his face. \"Sup gorgeous?\" Crossing my arms over my chest I replied with a simple \"nothing.\" Moving to step around him, I was stopped as he grabbed the top of my arm and yanked me back to stand in front of him. \"Let go of my arm.\" \"Shut up gorgeous, where's Moses at?\" \"He's out.\" Stepping closer to me, he narrowed his eyes at me and a sneer appeared on his face. \"Oh yeah, where's out?\" \"You know where he is.\" I knew my answer was the truth, the man in front of me was the reason why we were mugging people, we never questioned why, it's just I guess we didn't want to know what would happen if we didn't do it, and my eyes looked down to his stomach, where I knew behind his coat a gun was tucked away in his trousers. With a laugh, he let go of my arm and turned to his two 'friends' who echoed with small laughs of their own. Gripping my arm harder for a few seconds, he threw my arm back at me, and I clutched the sore patch on my arm, he pointed a finger at me. \"When you see Moses, you tell him to come see me, yeah?\" He gave me a wink and licked his lips. Marching past him, I made my way into the block and instead of taking the elevator I sprinted my way up the stairs onto my floor, and finding the cold metal of my keys in my pocket I yanked them out and opened the door to my flat, slamming it behind me. Tugging my jacket off my shoulders, and unwrapping my scarf from around my neck I launched myself onto the comfort of the sofa, and brought rubbed the red hand print shaped mark on my arm, bringing my knees to my chest, I wrapped my arms around them, gazing out the window and the eruption of colors that was firework night.[Chapter 4] Pest POV: Peddling after the guys up the grassy slope towards the playground, chasing after that white monkey thing – Or whatever the fuck it was. I joined their hollering, \"Round 2, blood, round 2.\" My adrenaline was pumping as we got to the top, and I threw my leg over the side of my bike and tossed it quickly to the floor, looking into the wooden shed that made up the playground. Within it I could hear small scratching sounds, I looked towards Moses as he nudged me in the arm. \"Yo, you got any bangers.\" I smirked knowingly and dug through my tracksuit pockets, closing my fist around some small casings of tiny fireworks. Grabbing Dennis' lighter from his outstretched hands, I lit the ends and threw them into the dark confines. Waiting in anticipation, I shrunk back as the fireworks started to light up the inside of the wooden shed, and from within it a mouth full of luminescent white teeth emitted painful cries as it lunged forward, trying to escape the brightness and the noise. From my side, Moses grabbed a small plank of wood off the floor. \"It's mine.\" I watched as Moses leapt into the shadows of the box, and after a few seconds I found myself following with the others as he yelled out \"Yo, back me.\" In the darkness not knowing what was what, I hit the closest thing to non-human that I could figure, but in the darkness I received a few friendly fire punches to my body. With the screeching stopped, Moses whispered a \"done.\" And we all retreated smugly from the box with boisterous laughter. Moses held the thing at the end of the plank of wood, hovering in the air, on instinct I started to record the happening on my phone, zooming in on the thing that we had just quite literally beat the living shit out of. I listened as the others laughed joyously and mocked the small creature in front of us. \"That's an alien bruv.\" Jerome looked at me weirdly and shook his head. \"Nah.\" \"Yeah, I recon it fell from outer-space.\" I looked to the others and smiled, \"but it landed in the wrong place though, you get me.\" Jerome lunged towards the small alien. \"Welcome to the ends brother.\" \"No one messes with the block.\" I yelled, throwing my hand in the air and clicking my fingers. The others soon followed suit. Dragging the alien sluggishly behind me I followed the other back to the block, using my bike harness as a 'lead'. Passers-by gazed at the creature in our wake with somewhat interest but the proceeded to continue with whatever they were doing with a shake of their heads. I listened to Biggz who was talking with hush tones to his mum on the phone, giving her a lie of his whereabouts. I gave a small chuckle as loudly he exclaimed \"No, you gave me the money!\" I narrowed my eyes at Dennis who was now riding my BMX to the side of me, bouncing up and down off the sidewalk. \"Yo Pest, I'm surprised you didn't follow Rache back to her flat.\" Snapping my head towards him, I gave him a dangerous glare. \"And why would I do that?\" Dennis smiled to the ground, \"Because you want her man.\" \"Shut-up.\" I retorted which earned a small laugh from Moses. Dennis cycled a little bit further in front, \"you know, I think she wants me.\" I watched as Moses rolled his eyes, and shook his head, Jerome doing the same motion. With the community center in site, Moses tapped Dennis on the shoulder \"sure man.\" he preceded to quick his steps as we saw Tia and her friends exiting. It was obvious to everyone that Moses and Tia liked each other – when they would actually do something about it was the question. Nearing them, one of the friends looked at the creature. \"Eugh what is that?\" Positioning the creature in front of me I sat it quite comically on to the floor. \"It's an alien.\" The girls echoed with laughter. Tia was gazing with slight concern at the long scratched along Moses cheek. \"Is that what did that to your face.\" Moses nodded smugly and again when she said \"So you killed it?\" Tia gave Moses a flirty grin which he returned. I gave the girls a closer look of the alien as I lifted it up to their faces. \"Look\" The girls recoiled and Dimples, a mocha skinned girl, with usual frizzy hair tied into a tight ponytail, pointed her finger at us threateningly. \"Put that thing near me again and its claws are going to be hanging from your tits.\" Biggz and i looked at each other with laughter etched on our faces. Oh please. Moses inclined his head towards the block in the distance, and as a last goodbye I lunged the creature towards the girls who sprinted screaming in the other direction. With a laugh I threw the creature back behind me, high fiving Biggz next to me. I held back a bit from the others as a light illuminated from my pocket, stopping for a second I reached into my pocket pulling out my phone, noticing that I had received a text, Rache was listed on the screen. Damn, i was supposed to text her sooner - i hated her walking back on her own. -Where are you? Hope you and the guys are ok- Hovering my finger over the reply button I was stopped short as the boys hollered at me to hurry up. Leaving the text for now, I caught up to the guys and watched as Moses pulled Biggz from the gangway wall, Biggz's stance suggesting that he was readying himself to jump to the gangway opposite that we were walking on. Idiot.[Chapter 5] Pest POV Passing the two young misfits, the guys and I snickered to ourselves and their nicknames – Probs & Mayhem. Hopping through the doors of the block, and making our way towards the lift, we stopped in our tracks behind an Oxford/Cambridge looking man. When the lift opened I eyed the very out of place guy and gave him a sneer. The lift doors closed on his face, and I gazed to the top of the lift. \"To the pent house suite.\" Passing the alien to Moses I reached into my pocket and grabbed my phone, flicking through my contacts and stopping at Rache's number and face, wanting to be discrete so they guys won't take the piss and listen in to our conversation, I decided to give her a text. -Back now, I'll come see you in a minute.- Pressing the send button, I looked to Dennis who was watching me and he met my eyes giving me a knowing smirk, leaning back onto the lift wall I thrust my phone back into my pocket, not giving him the satisfaction of any reaction from me, which is usually guaranteed to piss him off. Reaching the top, the lingering smell of weed could be smelt through the gap in the lift door and It became stronger as the lift opened, I was the first to exit the lift, running up the small steps toward Ron's door, and proceeded to knock heavily on it. \"Yo Ron!\" A rounded man, which resembled a monkey, opened the door, \"you alright lads, come in.\" Walking through the door I jumped over the back of the sofa and made myself comfortable, grabbing some papers off the small coffee table to my side, I started to roll and sighed in satisfaction as I lit the end of my roll up and let my mind become hazy and calm. Moses hung the small alien on a hook on the back of the door and joined the others relaxing on the sofa. None of them noticed that the young man from the ground floor, called Brewis, timidly edged his way through the front door and sought out Ron, who was stood in the kitchen gazing in confusion at the thing that the boys had brought in. Brewis stood at Ron's side and his face looked at the creature in fascination, without any acknowledgement Ron passed him a roll up and they both stood in silent watching the creature. \"It's weird, innit?\" Ron asked slowly, and then turned to the man next to him \"Maybe if a monkey fucked a fish.\" He then gestured towards the alien. Brewis didn't say anything and just kept gazing at the creature, until Ron slapped him on the arm and he went and stood next to Ron in the living room being introduced to the boys who were judging him with their eyes. \"Boys, this is Brewis – very loyal customer.\" Scanning the boys in front of him, Brewis stuck out his fist towards Dennis, \"Sup?\" Dennis just looked at the young man in disgust, \"whatever.\" The rest of the gang laughed at the small display, and went back to lounging on the sofas, tufts of smoke erupting from their mouths and noses. Moses got up and motioned for Ron to follow him into the kitchen. Brewis sat himself down cross legged onto the small coffee table and started to watch the TV, flicking the channels until the discovery channel came on, showing a programme about moths during mating, which peeked his interest. Moses pulled Ron in front of the alien like creature and gestured towards it. \"Hey, can you stash it in your weed room?\" Ron looked down at first in defeat, and looked at the young man in front of him. \"I don't know. Why don't you ask the boss?\" Moses' eyes widened as he nodded his head towards a door at the end of the small hallway. \"What Hi-Hatz is here?\" Ron nodded his head, \"yeah, c'mon.\" Moses grasped the straps holding the creature and brought I in front of him as he followed Ron toward the weed room, passing the living room, he caught the guys having a debate as to what newspaper they should tell about the alien, and he gave a small smile. Ron held the door open for him as he passed, and he got felt nervous as at the opposite side of the room Hi-Hatz stood waiting.[Chapter 6] Moses clutched the cigarette box in his hand and flipped open the lid, looking at the weed inside. Begrudgingly he sighed and closed the lid again, he didn't want to do this but he didn't have much of a choice – a 15 year old against someone like Hi-Hatz, there wasn't a lot he could do. He closed his eyes before he left the weed room and forced a strong smile, entering the living room, giving all of his friends a proud grin and nod. Biggz looked around the sofa top at his friend and gave a perplexed grin. \"Oi, why you smiling?\" Dennis leaned back onto the sofa with a cigarette perched between his fingers. \"Ahh, he got a job.\" All of the boys happy and in respect for their friend stood up and congratulated him, patting him on the back. Pest threw his arm around Moses shoulders. \"Hi-Hatz is gonna step you up.\" All of the boys were still buzzed for their new friend's achievement as they clapped their hands together. Moses knelt down and pushed the cigarette box into the confines of his sock, pulling it over and rolling it down. A flash of blue light from the window, made him jump to his feet. His eyes widened as he saw what looked like luminous blue meteors fell from the sky and landed in different areas around the estate. Nudging the guys around him he nodded his head towards the window, \"Yo, check it.\" The others moved closer to the window in a line, watching the abnormal lights. \"What?\" , Jerome asked pushing his glasses further up his nose. \"More!\" \"More what?\" \"Them things.\" Ron moved closer to the window to join the boys, a child-like grin on his face, his eyes glazed over. \"Awwww, lovely fireworks.\" Pest shook his head looking at the larger and older man. \"Nahh fireworks go up before they come down, and those things are bare coming down.\" The others jumped back from the window, as one of the lights where stronger as it zoomed past the window. \"Look! One landed in the park.\" Biggz exclaimed excitedly, pointing out the window. The others around him jumped up and down with anticipation. \"Let's go!\" Jerome said loudly. \"I'm killing them!\" Dennis replied. Pest rolled the sleeves of his hoody up playfully, looking at the others and giving them a smirk. \"Let's get kitted up blood!\" Without acknowledging Ron or Brewis who stood next to him the boys gathered their stuff and sprinted out the door giving it a small slam as they left. Ron looked to the young man and sat himself on the sofa, sighing in content; Brewis followed soon after and lit another spliff. \"Quite charming really aren't they?\" Ron said, looking towards the door. Brewis' eyebrows rose in response, and looked ahead of him, taking a long drag. At the stairs the boys parted ways to their own flats, giving a small shout that they'd meet out the front. Pest sprinted down the corridor towards his flat, but surprised himself as his body skidded to a halt on its own accord in front of Rachel's door. He bit his lip as he just continued to stare at the number on the front of her door, grasping his phone in his pocket he gazed at the blank screen in front of him, his finger poised over the call button. With an angry huff to himself at his internal battle on whether or not to get Rachel, for starters if those lights where aliens he didn't want to leave her here on her own, and well two he just wanted her with him, knowing that he would be distracted the whole night because she wasn't there. This explained his quietness at Ron's only talking when he was addressed, or to give a quip, but his attention was focused on his phone in his lap and significantly the picture of him and Rachel which was his screensaver. \"Fuck it.\" He muttered as he stepped closer to the door, rapping his knuckles on the door loudly. Leaning his head closer to the door, he listened for any movement or noise inside. \"Rache?\" He heard the patter of bare feet hitting the ground, becoming louder as the person neared the door. The door opened with a tug, and he smiled as Rachel looked up at him, smiling back. \"Hey.\" For a second Pest lost his initial thought as to why he was here, but snapped back to reality as he heard a shout of one of the boys from somewhere in the block. \"You need to come with me.\" Rachel looked down either end of the corridor. \"Umm, where are we going?\" Pest motioned his head to the end of the hallway towards the stairs. \"To the park.\" Rachel looked at Pest questioningly. \"Rachel! Who's at the fucking door!\" Rachel jumped at the sound of a man's booming voice from inside the flat. \"It's just a friend uncle.\" Pest lowered his shoulders, and his head inclined back. His tongue attaching to the roof of his mouth as he gave Rachel a look, Rachel knew the distaste that Pest had for her uncle, whenever Pest was round the two were always close to a bust up. \"Well tell them to piss off, and come back inside!\" Pest's hands clenched into fists, as the muscles in his back became tenser every time he heard the man's voice, it was bad enough that the guy was an asshole, but to add to that he was always sending rude and crude remarks in Rachel's direction. \"Rachel!\" Another booming shout made Rachel jump slightly as she leant against the door. Pest relaxed his body as he took a large breath of air in, looking back again at Rachel, he nudged he arm with his hand, his eyes met his face. Pest inclined his head towards the end of the hallway and gave her a small smile and smirk. \"C'mon Rache.\" Moving her head to the side and raising her eyebrows she looked away at him smiling knowingly. When she looked back at Pest his facial expression was matching hers and he raised one of his eyebrows and scrunched his lips together. Rachel shook her head at him, and turned around to reach for her jacket behind her, and knelt down to reach for her Nike Lows and she balanced herself against the wall placing them on her feet, not wanting to see Pest's satisfied grin she edged out the doorway, trying to be as quiet as possible. But Pest reached around her and grabbed the handle to the door, and pulled the door closed as hard as he could, making the door slam loudly, rattling the wall around it. A string of swear words erupted from inside, but Pest just shrugged his shoulders smirking, and threw his hands in his pockets as he began to walk down the hallway, smiling to himself as he heard Rachel catch up to him and walked alongside him, giving him a small punch in the arm.[Chapter 7] Rachel smiled as herself and Pest neared the garage at the basement of the building, as the guys where all huddled outside of it, all holding a various assortment of vehicles. Biggz gave her a wave and a grin as he passed Pest his small mini motor. \"So, what exactly are we doing?\" The boys of the group all looked towards Pest at her question; in disbelief that he had not mentioned what was happening, and admittedly they wanted to question why he had brought her hear if he wanted to keep her out of harm's way. Biggz however, no longer able to control the inevitable excitement clapped his hand on Rachel's shoulder. \"Rache, we are hunting aliens.\" The way he said it made it sound completely normal and an everyday thing, so Rachel could not help but look at him with an 'are you stupid' expression. \"Oh, fuck off Biggz.\" Rachel nudged Biggz away from her. Biggz collected himself, and through his hood up around his head. \"You better believe it.\" But Rachel's expression changed to seriousness as she looked at the guys around her, who were nodding their heads in agreement with Biggz. \"You're serious?\" She turned her head towards Moses, who could not help but always tell her the truth. \"Yeah Rache\" Dennis who was reading his pooch Pogo in the basket to his moped, looked over his shoulder. \"C'mon, let's go!\" The boys all jumped slightly at his raised exclamation, and moved to their BMX's or in Pests' case his small mini motor. Dennis and Pest both started up their motors, but stopped as they noticed that Rachel still stood awkwardly awaiting further instruction. Pest sighed as he knew that the only person she could ride with was Dennis. Dennis looking around at the vehicles around him noticed this too, smiling to himself proudly he gestured towards the back of his motor. \"C'mon Rache.\" Rachel looked at everyone around her and couldn't help but roll her eyes at Dennis' smug expression. Swinging her leg over the seat she placed her hands gingerly on Dennis' waist, not noticing Pests' annoyed and hated expression towards Dennis. Dennis sent another look in Pests' direction, and upon this Pest set his mini motor into gear and zoomed past him, Moses cycle past on his bike and smacked Dennis on the back of the head in annoyance, which earned a laugh from Jerome who had Biggz standing on the back of his bike. The boys followed Pest's taillight all the way to the entrance to the park, where he turned the engine off and waited for the others until he pushed his motor through the gates of the park towards what looked like a skid in the earth made by a meteorite. Following the mark made in the dirt of the field, he gazed down at a large blackened stone like hardened lava, with a mould left on its surface of a large shape, with a very distinctive mouth with large pointed teeth. The others shuffled towards him and placed their mode of transport onto the floor at their feet, gazing in awe at the large fossil. Pest gave himself a silent smile as Rachel stood near his side. \"Woah\" Jerome echoed everyone as he knelt down next to the large shape. \"It's like a fossil.\" \"That's bigger than the other one.\" Dennis mumbled. \"Man that's triple disaster.\" Biggz tore down his ski mask and his hoody. \"Right now, I just want to go home, lock my door and play fifa.\" Everyone tore their gaze as a shrieking sound came from the playground atop a small hill. \"Man, check it.\" Pest moved forward as he pointed towards a large dark shape on top of the jungle gym. Jerome squinted his eyes as he looked towards the playground. \"I can't see anything.\" \"Man you haven't got contacts in.\" Dennis sighed annoyingly. Jerome fumbled into his jacket pocket and pulled out his glasses placing them on his nose. His eyes widened in fear as the creature stood watching on top of the jungle gym. Dennis in alarm surged forward as his small dog Pogo raced off over the hill, barking loudly, his form was stopped by Pest and Moses who grabbed onto his shoulders. With his free hand Pest grabbed lightly onto Rachel's forearm, bringing her body slowly behind his, as they watched at the creature jumped down from the apparatus, and all that could be hear was a small yelp in pain. \"No!\" Dennis cried in shock, as his head hung down in sadness of his lost pet. \"Look, look, look.\" Biggz moved forward, pointing at the top of the hill, as a large darkened form could be seen nearing the top. A line of luminous aqua blue stood out from the midnight black. \"Man, check it's eyes.\" Moses stepped forward and narrowed his eyes. \"I'm not sure them things are eyes.\" The line of blue separated and a loud screech erupted from a pool of luminous aqua blue. The other jumped back in alarm, and stumbled over their feet backwards. Pest grabbed Rachel's hand and linked his fingers with hers, and pulled her towards the entrance to the park following the others. Pest pushed her lightly towards Jerome and she jumped on the back of his BMX. Cycling along the darkened street the unmistakeable sound of a police siren sounded behind them. ","Summary":" I swore quietly, turning my head to see my nan giving me a displeased look, but she quickly focused"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Love On The Block","Author":"SabrinaTeenagedB","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9222149","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Attack The Block, unless on DVD counts. Chapter 1; \"Oh My Days\" Pest paused by his front door, trying to make his breathing patterns seem like he hadn't just run down about thirteen flights of bloody stairs, two at a time. He pushed his key in the front door, twisting them before walking in and closing the door behind him. \"Hey, Nan.\" He faked what looked to be a limp. \"You alright, darling?\" His Nan, Grace asked her grandson worried, \"What's wrong wif' your leg?\" Pest quickly pecked his Nan's cheek, \"Nuffin' Nan, just pulled a muscle playing football wif' da' boys.\" He quickly 'limped' towards his bedroom, leaving his Nan to watch the news. As soon as he opened his bedroom door he picked his schoolbag of the floor and started to empty it. It was as he was filling it back up with both small and large fireworks (bangers as he called them) he realised his girlfriend, Natalie (or Talia), was sitting on his bed watching him. \"What'cha doin'?\" \"Talia? What you doin' here, love?\" Pest asked her, pausing for a second, only to register she was dressed up more than usual. Where she would be usually wearing the same as Pest (jeans, high-tops, hoodie, t-shirt, jacket/coat and her own signature woolly hat) she was wearing a casual black dress that went to just above her knees, with lace sleeves and leggings underneath. Her usual hat, which she always wore over her perpetually straight hair, sat next to her with her black coat. On her feet was a pair of black converse. \"Why you so dressed up?\" Talia suddenly got a hurt look on her face, \"You don't bloody remember?\" Her accent, unlike most that lived in the block, was not a British one, let alone a London one. Her accent was American. Natalia, originally from Manhattan, moved to London at 13. Most found it humorous that she always said British slang in her American accent. Pest stopped packing his bag and stood up with a confused look on his face. \"'Member what?\" His accent had always amused her, especially next to her own, but not tonight. She stood up, falling short a few inches in comparison to his height, \"We're meant to go out to celebrate our 3 year anniversary from last week!\" She snatched his tasselled, woollen hat off his head, making him let out a quiet noise of protest. \"We were meant to go out twenty minutes ago!\" Pest snatched his hat back, \"Look, I'm sorry, but I'm going out wif' da' boys!\" Talia shook her head, trying not to break down crying. This was the fourth time they'd rescheduled this dinner. Pest ignored her glassy eyes and went searching around his room for his trusty aluminium baseball bat. \"But you promised.\" She whispered, it coming out almost in a whimper. Their relationship had been struggling for a while now; it had been almost six months since they'd spent more than an hour together. Between school (when Pest did go), the gang and other stuff, they'd barely had time to even have sex, something that the couple were known for. Moses, Dennis, Jerome and Biggz always used to joke that one day the two of them would eventually just never leave the bedroom. Tia, Dimples, Gloria and Veronica used to giggle that they'd end up on Teen Moms'. \"Look, I can't tonight, alright!\" Pest snapped, shoving the newly found baseball bat down his jeans. He slung his bag over his back, noticing her hurt expression and felt a pang of pain. When he went to kiss her cheek in goodbye, he missed as she moved away. \"Whatever Pest,\" She went over to the open wardrobe and pulled out a pair of jeans, which were hers, and a shirt and hoodie that were Pests. Pulling the dress over her head quickly she pulled on the slightly larger shirt. Pest sighed, \"Tali, love, you know I'll make it up to you, right?\" He put his hands on her currently bare waist, pulling her close to him. Pest laid his head on top of hers, closing his eyes. He knew he'd been pushing her away, and he knew it made her feel like crap, he just didn't know what to do about it. Dropping his head he went to kiss her neck softly, but was interrupted by the sound of his phone going off, indicating he had a text message. Talia clenched her eyes shut before pulling away from him, tugging on her jeans; jacket and shoes, then picked up her hat, shoved it on her head and walked out of his room. He vaguely heard her tell his Nan goodbye and then the slam of the front door. \"Well done Pest,\" He muttered to himself sarcastically, pulling his hat back over his head. Later that night Talia found herself sitting with her best mates, in Tia's living room. They had migrated there after a weird phone call from Biggz. \"So you're tellin' me, dat' you an' Pest ain't' had any sex in three months?!\" Dimple loudly exclaimed in surprise, \"Dat's crazy man!\" Gloria and Veronica nodded in agreement, \"You an' Pest are always on each other!\" Talia let a quick 'ouch' when Tia pulled her hair a little tight. She sat in front of the couch, on the floor next to Dimple, who was having her done by Gloria. \"I don't even know what's wrong; he refuses to speak about it! He pretends like nothings wrong.\" Talia exclaimed in frustration, \"Maybe we should just quit, you know?\" The girls let out either a gasp or dramatically let their jaws drop. \"What?!\" Talia, who was about to open her mouth to speak again, was interrupted by a quick, rapid knock on the door. Dimples stood, hoping it was the pizza they ordered about fifteen minutes ago. In the background, the other girls could vaguely hear words being exchanged, followed by a louder, \"You ain't' bringing all those people in 'ere, no. They're involved in something! Someone chasing them! They got weapons, and look, 'dat ones bleeding, and dat woman? I don't even know 'dat woman! I'm not getting myself involved in a situation I don't need to be in.\" Tia let out a huff and stood, going to the door, \"It's my house Dimples, come.\" When the two girls returned they noticed that Talia had taken Tia's place on the couch and the girls were staring at the mess behind them. Dennis' jacket was slightly ripped and he had a katana (a traditional Japanese sword) on his back with a red helmet and small gun in his hands, Jerome had his glasses on and the left knee on his jeans was ripped. Moses had three scratches on his face, and Pest… his leg had a cushion strapped to his leg, which was also covered in blood. Talia resisted the strong urge to go check on him, which was difficult as she was the mothering type. Pest shed his jacket, before walking towards the window as everyone sat down. \"Only one helicopter, ain't' even military, it's a copper chopper.\" He paused, turning around, \"And it's only around these ends, this ain't' London wide. This is localised.\" The girls shared a confused look before Gloria spoke, pausing from doing Dennis' hair, \"Yeah, localised in your head.\" They were still slightly pissed at him for making Talia feel like crap. Veronica scoffed, looking up from her nails, \"More like localised in your dreams.\" Dimples moved in, walking past them all to sit down, \"Feds; yes. Big, gorilla, alien, monsters killing everyone, uh-uh.\" \"How do you know?\" Jerome asked. She scoffed, \"Please, what kind of aliens would invade some shitty counsel estate in south London?\" Dennis, who was playing with a gun, said, \"One that's looking for a fight.\" Pest, who had been staring at his girlfriend the entire time the others had been speaking, looked up, \"They're coming for us, you know,\" He looked back to Talia, who refused to meet his eyes, \"Ready or not.\" The girls laughed, \"Ready or not! Here I come, you can't hide!\" All the girls but Talia and Tia, as she was tending to Moses' wounds, sang. \"Excuse me, but if you don't believe us, go down to my flat, there's a dead one in my living room. I live on the first floor, go look if you don't believe us.\" The woman spoke, standing up. \"You can walk right in, there's no door anymore.\" \"Oi Moses! When d'you start goin' out wif' your maths teacher?\" That sent the girls laughing again. Tia, who was slightly jealous (though she'd never admit it) spoke up, \"How do you know that woman?\" The woman spoke again, \"We met earlier, when they mugged me.\" \"No way? For real?\" \"Now 'dat part I believe.\" Dimple commented. \"That true?\" Tia asked Moses, who didn't answer and avoided her searching eyes. \"Yeah, but after dat' she fixed up my leg and we saved her from da' monsters,\" Pest spoke up, defending them when he noticed his girlfriends glare, \"we're mates now, an' it's all sweet. We're heroes now innit?\" The woman rolled her eyes, \"Heroes? Five of you and a knife against one woman? Fuck off!\" Pest let out a laugh, \"Rah, cold!\" \"Nah, nah, nah!\" Dennis interrupted, \"Don't build it up love. It weren't all 'dat, we never even touched you.\" Jerome nodded, \"Yeah, the blade was to get it over wif' quick, we were as scared as you.\" Tia looked to Moses, \"Blade?!\" She scoffed, \"You're such a waste Moses, why's it always trouble wif' you? Why's it always someone getting robbed, or beaten up or someone getting arrested?\" She sat down next to Gloria. The woman broke the tension, \"We can't deal with this on our own; we have to call the police.\" Everyone looked at her like she was bloody crazy, \"I promise I'll tell them what really happened.\" Talia spoke up finally, shocking the woman with her accent, \"You think the police is gonna help them? They might not arrest you, but they'll sure as fucking hell arrest them.\" She motioned to the boys. Dennis nodded, \"For murder of two police officers, vehicle theft, resisting arrest and everything else that happens in the ends tonight, man.\" Pest looked to the woman, \"They arrest us for nothing already.\" Moses finally spoke up, leaning forward with his arms resting on his knees, \"You know what I reckon? I reckon the police sent them here, bred them in a lab to wipe us all out. First they sent drugs to the ends, then they sent guns and now they sent monsters to get us.\" He nodded, \"We ain't' killing each other fast enough, so they sent them to speed up the process.\" Pest nodded, taking a drag of the blunt he's lit up, \"Believe.\" And the girls once again pissed themselves laughing. Except Tia and Talia, \"Pest I told you not to do that!\" Tia complained standing up, walking toward the curtained window, \"Do it out the window, yeah?\" \"Pain relief man, ask da' nurse.\" Pest whined, receiving a kick to his good leg from his girlfriend. That was her signal to either shut up or watch his manners. Tia spoke again, worry clear in her voice, \"Excuse me, but what is that?\" Everyone looked to the windows, standing up like they'd been electrocuted. They were all breathing loudly, staring at the large, black, furry monsters that waited outside the window. They had no eyes, but had luminous, neon, blue teeth. They actually did look like bloody big, gorilla, wolf mother-fuckers. Everyone was frozen, but were re-animated by Dimples loud exclamation, \"OH MY DAYS!\" The girls screamed, running to either the kitchen or Tia's room, while the boys grabbed their weapons. Dennis yanked on his red helmet that he wore when he rode his moped, delivering pizzas. \"You can't take two fam'!\" Moses shouted to Dennis. \"Watch me,\" Dennis said, muffled by his helmet. He then lifted his arm, and shot the gun. But nothing happened, \"Shit! It is a toy!\" And then all hell broke loose.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Attack The Block, unless on DVD counts. Chapter 2: \"Fire In The Hole\" The two huge, black, gorilla looking aliens jumped through the small window, breaking the frame and smashing the glass (not that it was very important at this moment). The terrified shouts and hollers of the nine teens pierced the once quiet hallway. Unfortunately for said teens, everyone else was out. It's bon-fire night after all. The huge animals snarled; with one landing on the helmet clad Dennis, making him cry out in pain, his right arm bending at an odd angle behind him before snapping loudly. The neon blue teeth snapped at the now terrified teen, dangerously close to his neck, his screams and pleas almost non-existent next to the roars of the monstrous looking alien. \"Moses! HELP!\" Dennis was crying, the badass of the small group was crying, his life flashing before his eyes. Everything that he's ever said, ever done coming before him, playing out like a fast paced movie. It all lead up to this very moment, \"MOSES! HELP! AHHHH!\" Clenching his eyes closed as the alien came at him again, pinning his body to the horrid, pink, itchy, carpet, Dennis knew. He knew he was going to die. And he prayed, like anyone else would do in this very moment. The neon teeth came at him once more, clenching onto the red helmet, oh, so close to piercing his skull, when BAM! The large monster was taken by surprise and knocked off him, by a small, fragile looking body. The figure held a large meat cleaver and was repeatedly bashing the monster over and over again, causing dark, almost maroon, coloured blood to fly everywhere. The monster flung the small figure away, which is when a large metal pole came at it. \"Oi! Fucker!\" Tia had broken the lamp, electrocuting the alien with the exposed wires. The monster ran at Tia, who had skilfully dodged it, and into her room. It hadn't been expecting the harsh blow to the head with an ice skate, but damn did it drop like a domino. While that was happening, the other alien had stalked over to the sofa Moses was hiding behind. The teens' breathing was laboured, his own life flashing in front of his eyes. His heart beat going faster than an F1 racing car. Moses had seen the other alien enter the bedroom seconds before and heard what sounded like it hitting the floor. Standing slowly, he reached for the katana Dennis had leant him, sliding the metal sword slowly out of the holder. Raising his hands up, he was ready to strike the alien… right up until the sword got stuck in the wall. It was while Moses was panicking that the monster launched itself at the teen. Moses couldn't move, his heartbeat wasn't even a beat anymore, it was a long hum. He couldn't blink, Moses couldn't breath. And centimetres away from his face, the monster was halted. A large cooking knife was lodged underneath its jaw, stabbing the neck accurately. Moses followed the thin, pale arms holding said knife all the way to Sam's face. The alien dropped, Moses let out a strangled sound. Somewhat halfway between a scream and a sigh. It was at this point that the katana slowly slid out of the wall. In the bedroom Tia and Dimples finished off the other alien. The entire apartment was in silence. Dennis slowly sat up, flinching heavily when he leant on his right arm. He looked to his right, noticing Talia sitting there, knife in hand. She looked right at him and it was at this point that Dennis fully realised what had just happened. Talia, Pest's girlfriend of three years, someone he hadn't known all that well, had just saved his fucking life. Looking down he noticed that she was holding out her hand to him (the one not holding a large, dangerous knife). He grasped it, slowly rising to his feet with her help. It wasn't until now that the two noticed that everyone had emerged from their various hiding spots. Pest rushed over to Talia, pulling her into his chest, not even caring that she was probably still mad at him. It was Tia who broke the silence first, \"You know that little one you killed before? That was a mistake.\" She looked up to the boy that everyone knew she loved. Dimples was holding back tears, \"They weren't going for us, they was going for you.\" Tia spoke up again, \"Actions have consequences you know.\" \"Everywhere you go, bad 'fings happen.\" \"Stay away from us Moses.\" And just like that, Tia and Moses were heart broken. The two said would have more, had it not been the loud alien scream from outside. The girls, minus Talia, ran. \"Dennis, you want me to take off your helmet?\" Talia had finally spoken and all Dennis could do was nod. So with the help of her boyfriend, Talia wrestled the helmet off. \"Thanks, man.\" The gang ran outside, noticing the girls all waiting for the elevator. They were banging on the doors, like that would make it move faster. Moses spoke up, while staring at the older woman they had robbed earlier. \"You should leave; I don't want no-one else to die.\" Pest was first to speak up, \"Fuck that, man!\" Followed by the rest of the boys refusals. \"We got your back!\" \"You should go with the girls.\" Talia commented to Dennis, who was standing next to her. \"You're arm is definitely broken, possibly fractured.\" All the boys turned to look at the nurse, who nodded in confirmation. \"Oi! Tia!\" Talia called down to the girls, who were still waiting. \"Take Dennis and get to the hospital!\" Tia nodded, waiting for him. Dennis gently put his left hand on her shoulder, thanking her, before jogging over to the girls, being careful not to knock his arm too much. Deciding the elevator was taking too long, they ran for the stairs, only Dennis looking back once. \"Those 'fings nearly killed Dennis; we got to kill all 'dem 'fings, bruv.\" Jerome told the rest of the group. The elevator finally opened, revealing a pissed off gangster who was wearing a purple hat, who began to shoot at them. Behind him were two other gangsters, in coats a lot like the boys'. Talia felt herself remembering the first gangsters name, as it was something even worse than Pest; Hi-Hatz. Pest noticed the other boys running, their shouts to follow them muffled by the ring of the gunshots. He grabbed his girlfriend's hand, not caring that she was probably still pissed at him, and ran after his mates. Talia turned around, ducking as more shots went off, \"Come on!\" She shouted towards the woman, who was already shitting herself against the wall as an alien was trying to break through the gate opposite her. The woman quickly ran behind Talia and followed the boys, who were all running like Speedy fucking Gonzales. Talia vaguely heard the terrified screams of the gangsters followed by gunshots, wondering if they made it out alive. \"Go, man!\" The shouting from the boys wasn't exactly helping their chances of not getting found, but at that particular moment in time, the group of adolescents (and one older, but still young adult) could not care. They ran into the elevator that Talia thought either Moses or Jerome rang. All of them ignored the frightened, shocked and fucking confused guy at the back of the elevator. \"Who was that?!\" The woman shouted right after the door closed. Pest looked at her, pulling the still slightly confused and shocked Talia into his side, \"That's Hi-Hatz, man's a sausage!\" \"Why's he shooting at us?\" Jerome scowled, \"His best mate got ate and he's a bit vexed, know how he feels.\" He commented, remembering that Dennis nearly died and that Biggz was still in the dumpster. The elevator thumped, and they all knew an alien had tried to attack the doors. \"Would someone please tell me what the fuck is going on?\" The man at the back of the elevator had managed to get their attention. \"What's chasing you? Why is the other lift full of bits of dead people?\" Pest pushed the ground button twice, cancelling the last request to go to the lobby. \"What are you doing? We need to go down!\" Moses snapped, \"I ain't going down. There's too many 'fings down there out to get me.\" Pest nodded fast, looking like he was hyper, \"True say. Bare police, crazy gangsters and fucked-up monsters down there.\" The man nodded, \"Okay, good. Let's not go down.\" He paused, looking at Pest, Moses and Jerome. \"Where can we go?\" Talia was coming to her senses and was beginning to think that this guy knew the boys. \"We're going to Ron's weed room.\" Moses said, always the voice of authority. The woman tilted her head in exasperation, \"What's 'Ron's weed room'?\" The man started up as soon as she finished her sentence, \"It's a big room, full of weed. And it's Ron's. It's good. It's like Fort-fucking-Knox up there.\" He commented, giving the woman some relief. \"Plan.\" Pest nodded. Talia spoke finally, surprising the man with her accent (something in which clearly surprised everyone), \"19.\" Downstairs, with the two youngest fighters, Probs and Mayhem, was where things really started to pick up. \"Bravo Team, on me, on me. Hold positions.\" The shorter of the two ran down ran, and fell into a crouched position, with what looked to be a water gun in his arms. The tallest groaned, \"This is long, man. They've all gone.\" The shortest (Probs) sighed; he rolled his eyes which then went upwards, where they widened dramatically, \"No, they ain't. Check it.\" There were so many of them, the aliens, crawling and climbing their way up Wyndham Estate. They jumped over the windows, their claws grabbing onto the bricks with ease. On floor 19, the lift bell rung. It opened slowly, showing all the boys (and man) crouched at the very front, all prepared to run. Behind them was the woman and Talia, which had taken a short argument between her and Pest. Talia didn't like being a) left out of things or b) being told what to do. She definitely wore the pants in their relationship (or at least, she used to). Moses spoke up, noticing a few aliens, \"Down the end.\" Pest smirked, \"Raah.\" Only to get hit by Talia, \"Ow!\" He whispered-shouted. \"This is serious asshole!\" The man spoke up, \"I am too high for this shit.\" Pest nodded, \"Trust.\" Jerome slowly reached up and pressed the button for the door to close, \"I wanna shoot them 'fings, man.\" \"Same her, bruv.\" Moses stated. Pest got a determined look in his eyes, \"Times three.\" The three nodded, \"Done. Now.\" The lift doors opened again and was followed by Pest quietly coming out, followed by Talia, Moses, Jerome, the man and the woman (whose names Talia really ought to find out as it was starting to piss her off, having to refer to them as the man and woman). They all came to a stop at a wall, all managing to fit behind it. Pest stuck his head around the corner, breathing heavily, before turning around and bringing some bangers (fireworks) up to Jerome's face. Silently Jerome lit them and that's when it started. Turning back to face the long hallway, Pest counted down and then the bangers went off. Whistling down the hallway they went off and all that could be heard was alien screeching and banging. \"Bangers, man, bangers!\" Pest said hurriedly. The man spoke up, looking at the distracted woman and teenaged girl, \"I'm Brewis, by the way.\" The woman turned around, \"Sam.\" \"Talia.\" Brewis spoke up as the boys fussed over Pest's bag, searching for the other bangers. \"I'm meant to be at a party in Fulham. Now I'm trapped in this bloody block.\" Moses interrupted any chance of further conversation, \"Yo, Pest. Get ready wif' that lighter, yeah, pass it, pass it.\" Brewis spoke up again, \"What about you two?\" \"We live here.\" Sam said, speaking for both herself and Talia, who nodded, her eyes worriedly on her boyfriends back. \"Really?\" He paused, \"Wicked.\" Talia rolled her eyes; he acted the same way Pest did when he was coming down from a high. Talia grabbed Pest's forearm, consequently pausing her boyfriend, who was all set to follow his best friends and new acquaintances down the hallway. \"I love you.\" \"I love you too.\" Pest smiled weakly, softly kissing her lips before pulling away and grabbing her hand. They sped up, getting in behind Sam and Moses but before Jerome and Brewis. Say all you wanted about these boys from the end, but damn were they chivalrous when it came to their girls (including mates, mom's, sisters and girlfriends). The air was thick with the smoke from the previous bangers. Moses held another in his hand, using it as a light of some sort with his katana in the other hand. Sam held the back of his coat, something neither of them even noticed. Pest nervously whispered, \"Fire in the hole,\" before throwing out a couple of smaller bangers, using them as lights for the last four people.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own Attack The Block, unless on DVD counts. Chapter 3: \"Open Da Door, Man!\" To be perfectly honest when Pest and Talia had started dating, Pest had sat her down and talked to her, seriously. He told her about girlfriends of people he knew, how they had ended being hurt because of who they were dating. Pest told her a list of things being involved with him could lead up to. But to be perfectly honest, being chased around the block by big gorilla-looking aliens, whilst simultaneously being chased by a trigger-happy gangster, was not on that list. The sound of heavy breathing, many, many curse words and horrific screeching noises rained up and down the long corridor. The slight shuffling of all their coats was added to those sounds. Each and every person walking down the hall was trying to be quiet, quick and careful. Those without weapons were holding on to the jackets of those who did. Jerome's annoyed voice rang out, \"Get the fuck off me man!\" Brewis' voice was heard, \"Sorry, sorry.\" Brewis froze before crying out the words that froze Jerome's heart, \"There's one behind us!\" He took off running, his plastic bag dangling on his shoulder as he shakily ran away, past Jerome. Jerome raised his weapons high, trying to fight off the fear building within him. \"Jerome where're you?\" The question was echoed throughout the corridor, making the eeriness seem haunting. There was an alien screeching and it was getting closer. \"Jerome!\" Moses called out to Jerome as well, \"Where you at man?\" All of a sudden, Jerome was knocked on his arse, his sword flying across the floor somewhere. He scrambled to his hands and knees, \"I can't see shit man!\" He quickly crawled over to the closest doorway. \"Pest! Moses!\" And suddenly he was sideswiped. Pest whipped out his bat, pushing his girlfriend behind him, desperate to keep her safe, \"Jerome!?\" He turned to where he thought his friend was, \"Moses, lights man!\" \"I'm tryna find 'em!\" Moses snapped back, whilst frantically feeling the walls for the light switch. Talia, who had abandoned Pest's side for a split second, launched herself at the wall, where she had previously seen the switch for the lights. Her slender fingers snapped the lights on, illuminating the still slightly smoky hall. \"I'm going back man!\" Pest informed them, gasping as he put pressure on his leg for too long. \"Stay by the lights Talia!\" He pushed on though, his eyes frantically searching the hall for his mate. \"Jerome?\" Pest walked forward a few more steps before it happened. There was a growling sound to the left of him and without thinking, Pest brought down the hard, metal bat on the head of one of the aliens, whose jaws were around Jerome's middle. \"Help!\" Jerome cried out as the alien sunk its neon blue teeth further into the young boy's side. Pest had no choice but to bring the bat down on the aliens head repeatedly, no matter how much it hurt his friend. \"Ahhhhhhh!\" Jerome cried out in pain, his body close to unconsciousness. Pest swung the bat as hard as he could along to alien's side, distracting it enough to let Jerome go, which (despite his injuries) scrambled down the hallway, to Moses and the rest. As the disoriented alien rose to its feet Pest was knocked off his. He scrambled backwards, trying to get far away from the alien as possible. A hand landed on his shoulder causing him to cry out in shock. \"Argh!\" He turned, with the grip on his bat tight. He let out a strangled sigh when he saw the familiar blue shirt, it was Sam. \"Come on!\" She tugged him to his feet, \"Follow me!\" Sam kept her hand on his jacket so whilst she was leading him back to everyone else; he could keep an eye out for the aliens. \"Moses!\" Pest called out, his voice high, \"They tried to take Jerome!\" He was practically running backwards now. Pest suddenly swung the bat out as he saw something move to his left. \"OW!\" Turns out; it was only Brewis. He was pushed into the wall from the force of the swing, \"What the fuck was that for?\" He then stumbled after his attacker, past Moses who was looked angrily down the hall, where screeches from the aliens could be heard. \"Moses, blood!\" Moses turned his head, looking at his best friend Pest, who had his arm around a teary-eyed Talia. Pest must have said something to her as she kissed his cheek softly, before rushing after Sam and Brewis who were helping an in-and-out of conscious Jerome. \"Moses, come on, man! They'll kill you!\" Pest screamed, still holding the door for him. Moses took one last look at the hallway and saw one of the aliens strutting its way towards them, he lifted his sword and was about to jump into battle with it when he heard the desperation in his best friends voice, \"Moses!\" Pest quickly ran up the stairs, Moses behind him. The gang of misfits (and injured people) scrambled down the small hallway, towards the door at the end, before banging loudly on it. \"Yo, Ron!\" \"Oi Ron!\" \"Let us in!\" \"Man, it's us, let us in!\" \"Open da door, man!\" There was more frantic knocked/banging before the sound of the lock sliding open was heard. The large, long haired owner of the flat opened the door, \"All right?\" This was Ron, or better known to Talia as his boyfriend's dealer. Talia took charge for a moment, letting everyone catch their breath a little. \"We need to hide in your weed room, like now!\" Pest nodded, pulling Talia closer to him again before stating, \"It's the only safe place left on the block, man!\" Ron looked down, almost sadly, before saying; \"Not sure about that.\" He looked over his shoulder before opening the door when the group in front of him pleaded some more. \"Come on.\" The group burst into the flat only to freeze when they saw the gun in Hi-Hatz's hand in front of them. \"Wagwan, Moses?\" Talia was automatically behind Pest, not by her own choice of course. But Talia was tired, sore and was actually afraid of the man in front of them all. He was covered in blood and wore a nasty glare on his face. Hi-Hatz gestured for everyone to enter the premises, and the group looked over to Ron who apologised. \"Sorry.\" The group was slow with their movements, being careful not to set off the man with the gun, but all jumped a little when they heard the aliens screeches get closer. \"You killed that thing.\" Hi-Hatz stated. He looked at Moses with what Talia refers to as 'crazy-eyes'. Moses held his hand up, trying to make peace with the man, \"Hi-Hatz, bruv...\" But the older man was having none of what Moses was trying to sell, \"You brought it in the ends.\" \"I don't want no trouble.\" \"You brought fed in the ends!\" His hand was shaking and you could hear the squeak of Hi-Hatz's leather gloves tightening around the gun. Moses was begging, \"Just listen to me, bruv!\" \"You brought an alien invasion to the ends!\" The group all gasped and took steps back when they saw what was behind the man with the gun. \"Shit.\" Pest muttered. \"Hi-Hatz, man-\" Moses swiftly took hold of the sword on his back, prepared to get it out. \"Behind you, bruv!\" \"Don't chat me!\" Hi-Hatz muttered angrily. Moses blinked quickly, \"I'm ain't even lyin'!\" \"Shut up!\" Hi-Hatz paused, an angry sneer on his face, \"I was gonna make you. Now, I'm gonna dead you.\" He said simply, raising the gun once more, completely oblivious to the aliens standing right behind him, staring into the flat from outside. \"This is my block, get me?\" Moses put his arm down in defeat, \"Not really.\" He took a step back towards the group and felt Talia soft hand on his shoulder, telling him he did all he could. There was a lot more screeching and noises from the window and Hi-Hatz finally realised his mistake. Not listening. The whole group seemed to start breathing heavily and Brewis, Pest and Moses grabbed Jerome, who had been leaning on the door. Out of the corner of her eyes, Talia saw Ron duck into the cupboard. It was just as Hi-Hatz turned around that the gang ran to the weed room, desperate to escape. \"Move!\" Pest shouted, dragging Jerome and Talia. Gunshots and glass smashing was heard throughout the flat, followed by the slam of the weed room door. Back in the living room; where the boys had been sitting only hours earlier, was now covered in aliens and blood. The death of Hi-Hatz was swift, but brutal. He turned to shoot at the group and in that moment had given the aliens their chance to attack.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do not own Attack The Block, unless on DVD counts. Chapter 4: \"Easy-Peasy, Lemon-Squeezy\" They'd been in the weed room three whole minutes, three , when the only noises to be heard from outside was those emitting from the aliens. The group's heavy breathing was the only thing louder than the screeching of the aliens. Apart from these noises (and the occasional noises from outside the block), it was silent. The group sat in various places amongst the weed plants. The original alien; the first one to be seen/found/killed, sat in one of the larger plants, behind the oldest male in the group, Brewis. The only movements came from Sam, Jerome, Pest and Talia. Sam, being the nurse she was, was assessing and dressing the wounds on Pest's legs and also along Jerome's side. Talia was clearly trying to slowly morph into Pest's side, judging by the way she flinched into his side. Talia was usually the strong one in their relationship, everyone knew this, they could tell by simply looking at them. But this event; invasion , had changed everyone involved. Pest was, for once, taking charge of the situation, taking care of his girlfriend. Then suddenly, the silence was broken; \"Wish I'd never chased after dat 'fing.\" Moses muttered, \"Wish we never murked you, wish I never took dat white off Hi-Hatz. Should have just gone home and played FIFA, like Biggz said.\" \"Anyone got skins?\" Of course Pest was looking for another high. His looked around the room, but no-one raised their head, signifying they hadn't any. Nurse Samantha looked at him with irritation clear on her face, \"No.\" Talia laughed, for what felt like the first time in twenty years, but kept her eyes shut. \"Bare weed and no skins: his worst nightmare.\" She giggled, kissing his cheek lightly when he nudged her. Moses, completely ignoring the conversation change, spoke. \"We never knew you lived on the block, if we knew…\" He trailed off, and a half-awake Jerome piped in, his smile a grim one. \"If you didn't live here, we never would have stepped you.\" Sam scoffed, her gaze on the groups ring leader, who sat in his red brimmed hat, \"So if I didn't live here? Would you have mugged me?\" She looked towards his intently, her eyes filled with confusion and anger, \"Is that how it works!\" It was a statement, not a question, one that Talia agreed with deep down. \"Boy, you's tetchy. He's tryna apologise to you, man.\" Pest lifted his head from where is had been resting on Talia's own crown. Moses shook his head, a faint smile on his face from Pest defending him, before he stood to walk away, needing five minutes to himself. It was Jerome who broke the silence that had begun again, \"You're quite fit, you know.\" Pest nodded in agreement, making Talia giggle again, her eyes continuing to stay closed due to exhaustion, all evidence of adrenaline seemingly gone from her body. \"You got a boyfriend?\" Pest asked, dragging his famous woolly hat from his head, revealing medium brown, curly hair. Talia was automatically drawn to the curls, her fingers running through them without a though about it. The woman's answer was short, \"Yeah.\" Jerome looked up at the woman, seemingly more awake, \"You sure about him? Where is he?\" Jerome, with the help of Brewis, who sat next to him, sat up right. Talia spoke to the woman, and was now even looking at her, interested, \"He ain't exactly looking out for you tonight.\" She stated, still sounding out of place with the others, with her distinct American accent. Sam looked towards the couple, both of them looking at her with large, questioning eyes, before answering. \"He's in Ghana.\" \"You're going out with an African man?!\" Pest all but shouted out the question. The woman sighed, fiddling with her hands, \"Uh, no. He's helping the children. He volunteers for the Red Cross.\" Jerome laughed, \"Oh! 'Red Cross', is it!\" His taunting ending up with him coughing slightly and panting, Brewis patting his back absentmindedly. Pest nodded, looking at her challengingly, \"Why can't he help the children of Britain?\" \"Not exotic enough, is it?\" Jerome teased. \"Don't get no nice suntan,\" Pest, unlike Jerome, was 100% serious about this. He scoffed and Talia brought her cold hand to his cheek, calming him down instantly. Over to the left two metres and you'd find Moses, staring down the dead alien that started all their problems, the thing looking like some jacked up Gollum. He glared at it, his dark eyes portraying nothing but anger and hopelessness. This was his entire fault ; Moses berated himself, if I hadn't chased this thing down . Stepping away from the putrid smelling object, he looked down at himself, only to see his jacket lit up like a Christmas tree. He must have muttered something close to the words; 'da fuck', because the group to his right all turned towards him. \"Moses, man, you're jacket!\" Jerome exclaimed. Talia spoke next, \"You're jackets gone-\" \"-it's gone rave!\" Pest finished his girlfriend sentence. Brewis turned, looking towards the jacket, and then above the boy, \"It's glowing in the UV light.\" He said, nodding, before looking very serious as he had a thought. \"Maybe it's some kind of pheromone?\" Talia stood up slowly, \"That would make sense, why all 'em other aliens are following him.\" Pest looked up at his girlfriend, \"What 'da fuck is a pheromone?\" Jerome sighed loudly, making Pest kick out his good leg at his friend. \"Fuck up.\" \"It's an eco-hormone.\" Talia told him, smiling at the fact she was just a little bit smarter than him. It had been a long time since she reminded people of her intelligence, usually relying on her sarcasm in normal social interactions. Brewis nodded, agreeing with the teenager, \"The eco-hormone triggers a social response in members of the same species.\" Behind him Talia was nodding along, having learnt about this in her advanced Biology classes (she had to do something while Pest was off with the gang). \"Perhaps that one,\" she pointed to the ugly animals in front of Moses, \"is female, and 'da rest is male.\" Jerome looked up at them, \"Then 'dat stuff is what's attracting 'em to us.\" Sam paused, sharing a look with the curly haired boy sitting next to her, \"They're smelling us.\" While he was nodding, Brewis scrambled to his feet looking at the entire group. \"They fell out of the sky, yeah? They could be, like you know, drifting through space, on solar winds.\" \"Like spores.\" Talia stated, sitting on the table to the left of Sam. \"What ever planet they land on, the males then chase the females, tracking her through the pheromone trail.\" \"Then they follow, find it, breed et cetera.\" Brewis shook his hands wildly throughout his explanation, \"They're like bees, beetles-\" Talia looked up, \"Don't forget moths.\" Pest looked up at his girlfriend with what looked to be pride in his eyes. Moses scoffed, \"Some fucking funny-looking moth.\" Brewis and Talia both let out slight laughs. \"Yeah,\" The eldest male there, agreed, \"Whatever it is, you are drenched in it, also it's piquing the interest of a rather hostile alien species.\" \"Just a bit.\" Jerome stated, sarcasm lacing every syllable in that, rather small, sentence. \"I'm just saying; if you took those clothes off-\" Brewis was cut off by Talia, \"They probably wouldn't even know we're here.\" Pest scoffed loudly, his eyes flicking between his girl, and the man, \"You fancy him or some'fing?\" His eyes settled on Talia, \"You tryna get him naked?\" Jerome snorted in amusement, Pest was normally never jealous. Rolling his eyes at the kid before him, Brewis spoke; \"No, I'm trying to save your life.\" He paused, remembering something, \"And in answer to your earlier question,\" Brewis fumbled in his plastic bag, tossing Pest some skins, making the boy smile widely. \"Ah, thank fuck!\" Pest sighed happily, letting out any sign of frustration in those words. \"Bruv, I swear I will never cuss you again.\" And then Pest raised his fist, holding it out for a fist bump. When Brewis tapped his knuckled against Pest's, he let out a smile. Talia sighed, shaking her head in amusement. \"The block is under attack and all Pest can think about is getting high.\" Letting a huge smirk on his face, Pest looked her up and down (as best as he could from his position), \"Not the only thing I'm thinking about.\" His smirk widened, if that was even possible, when he noticed his girlfriends slightly pink cheeks. \"Yo, Brewis,\" Moses had been in deep thought, going over everything he had just learned about the aliens in his head, thinking it over and over in the short few minutes that transpired. Moses then went on, in yet another deep conversation, about those who were murked/killed since the first alien was killed. \"..They all had 'dat scent on them, so if they follow the smell, then-\" Moses cut himself off, looking up, \"Maybe I can lead 'em.\" \"Lead them where?\" \"Somewhere I can blow them up.\" Moses spat out, determination now covered his very aura, \"I killed that 'fing. I brought them in 'da block.\" He looked towards the group, \"I've got to finish what I started.\" Outside the tiniest warriors of the invasion; Probs and Mayhem, stood against one of the high up walls, looking down on the alien that had cornered the afro-wearing boy, Biggz, in one of the dumpsters. Probs held a water gun that he had aimed directly at the big, black, gorilla-looking alien. The moment was intense but was broken by the tallest of the duo, Mayhem, looking at his friend worriedly. \"What if it jumps at us?\" The shortest sighed, \"Then throw the banger.\" \"What if I miss?\" Probs whispered harshly, \"Then we run.\" \"What if it kills us?!\" The boy grasping the water gun sighed, rolling his eyes and dropped visual contact with the alien to look at his best mate in exasperation. \"No one is ever gonna call you 'Mayhem', if you keep actin' like such a pussy .\" Probs rolled his eyes once more before aiming the gun once more. Further down, the alien opened its glowing blue jaws, staring (if it had eyes) down the paper bin, preparing to run at it again. Inside the paper bin, Biggz sat in it with his mobile phone beeping. The teen was frantic, tears clouding his vision, \"I'm tellin' the truth! I know I lied to you before, but it's for real this time, I swear!\" He jumped, terror etched into every crevice of his pubescent face, as the alien outside screeched in warning. It was his mum on the other side of the phone call who sighed, \" I'm calling you dad. You hear me? \" The screeching outside of the bin was due to Probs squirting the liquid inside the water gun at the alien, all whilst shouting at his friend, \"Throw it! Throw it! Throw it!\" Mayhem was having trouble lighting the firework under his best friend's pressure. \" Are you even listening? \" Biggz shouted at him mum, \"I gotta go.\" He paused, before telling her, \"Just do as I say and stay indoors, alright? I'll never do anything bad again, promise. I love you, bye.\" And then he hung up the phone, ignoring his mother's threats. Taking a deep breath, he stood up, opening the lid of the bin slightly, just to be able to see outside of the metal walls that encased him. The aliens was screeching and doing all kinds of weird movements, seemingly trying to throw something off it. It was at this moment that Mayhem managed to light the banger, and throw it down to the ground beneath the alien. The alien frantically moved about in jerky movements, trying to get the sudden fire, off of it. It turns out that strange liquid was gasoline. Biggz ducked back down into the bin and the two young boys above the area looked at the alien with wide eyes, before taking off. \"Any time, blood, any time!\" Mayhem was cheering, celebrating their win as the two descended the worn, metal stairs. Probs cheered along with him, \"We don't fuck about!\" The two made it to the ground where a light was suddenly thrust into their faces, \"Armed police! Stay where you are!\" \"Fuck.\" Biggz sat in silence in the bin, staring at his phone when the bin lid opened again. Two bodied and a water gun (that suspiciously smelt like gasoline) were pushed in. A lighter was flicked on, revealing all their faces, \"Wagwan, Biggz,\" Mayhem greeted. \"What are you doing?\" Biggz asked, completely confused at this moment. Probs breathed a heavy sigh, \"Armed police, fam.\" Biggz looked confused, \"Swear down?\" \"Swear down.\" The three people occupying the bin went silent as they heard shouting outside. \"You burnt that 'fing good. Ratings.\" Biggz congratulated the two kids. \"Easy-peasy.\" \"Lemon squeezy.\" \"Probs, and Mayhem, you say?\" Biggz asked them, trying to get their names right. The boys shared a look; they finally earned their names, \"Yeah.\"[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I do not own Attack The Block, unless on DVD counts. Chapter 5: \"One Floor Down, 191\" Back up in the block, on one of the last floors to the building, a plan had been formulated. The group had reacted quickly to what Moses had been saying about leading the aliens to a new location. Both Pest and Jerome had objected loudly, but were silenced by Talia (with a glare that could curdle milk). Sam and Brewis were also unsure, but also brought into the plan, although both were still uncertain. Currently the group had situated in various positions of the weed room, all beginning their tasks set by them by Moses. Brewis was holding a large UV light from the ceiling and scanning the oldest female in the room, who had changed clothing to ones without any alien blood covering it. Sam silently and slowly turned her body, doing as Brewis requested whilst enduring the bright light being shone in her face. There was silence once more through out the room, with the exception of the buzzing from the lights. \"You look clean.\" Brewis commented, staring at Sam, gashes covering his face from where Pest had hit him with a baseball bat. A once again high, Pest commented also, \"You look good.\" He received a hit from Talia, \"I swear if you weren't so funny, sometimes.\" \"Not to mention good in bed,\" Pest winked at her, laughing at her blush, his gaze similar to a dopey boy in love. Sam felt her lips twitch, at the couple's interaction before turning to Brewis, \"I bet my life we're right about this.\" Talia spoke loudly, \"I'd enjoy this much more if we did not bet anyone's lives, especially our own.\" She sent a look to Moses, Jerome and Pest, skipping over Brewis as he was still holding a large light that hurt her eyes greatly. Brewis was beginning to get apologetic once more, \"I'd go out myself, I swear down, if I was not so profoundly stoned.\" His eyes were glazed slightly, but still held the look of pleading as he looked at Sam. Pest was serious as he also looked at the woman, \"Likewise.\" He then looked to the girl he's in love with and noticed her staring at the floor, a dark look on her face. Pest nudged her shoulder slightly, with his own, making her look to him. Talia was usually better with her emotions, especially when it came to keeping them in check, but the events of that night were starting to catch up with her. Pest tugged her towards himself and tucked her into his side and let her rest her head on his shoulder. \"I can go Pest, I can.\" Talia whispered into his neck, and the stoned teenager felt her big, wet tears on his pale, slender neck. Pest shook his head and brought his face level with her own, \"I will not lose you .\" He pulled her face close, kissing her like their lives depended on it. They vaguely heard Jerome groaning at their display, but ignored it. God, how long had it been since the two of them kissed like this? The answer: too long. When the pulled back, she felt herself smile in memory, he always was more affectionate when stoned. The two lovers sat down, just enjoying their time to be close to one another. Whilst the two lovebirds sat next to each other, exchanging brief kissing of affection, Jerome and Brewis sat to the side, the older male helping the younger with his wounds. \"One floor down. 191.\" Moses was talking to Sam, his face down, fiddling with the object in his hands, whilst relaying the information to the woman. Sam repeated the boy in front of her perfectly, \"One floor down. 191.\" \"Bell me when you get there.\" Moses said sternly, handing her the object in his hands, his cheap Nokia phone. \"Yeah.\" The woman looked to the boy, a look of shock on her face as he turned to his best friend, \"Yo, Pest, give me that ring.\" Talia releases her boyfriend's lips from her own to give him a sharp look. Pest sighed loudly, \"What ring, man?\" He shrunk a little under Moses' serious gaze, before sighing again, this time louder. \"Oh, man! That's ours!\" The teenager searched his pockets for the little piece of jewellery, before slamming it into Moses' palm, \"It's worth bare P, man!\" Pest sat back once more before murmuring, \"Raasclaat, man,\" into his girlfriends neck. Moses held the ring between his thumb and forefinger, holding it out for Sam to take. She hesitated slightly, before giving in and taking back the gold ring. She looked at the boy, \"Thanks.\" The two shared a look of understanding and perhaps even caring before Sam spoke again, \"Even if you outrun them, even if you make it, how are you gonna get out?\" He hesitated, \"Don't worry about me, man.\" Moses looked at her seriously, thinking about what would have happened if he never mugged her. None of this, that's for sure. \"You don't have to do this, Moses.\" This was uttered by both Samantha and Talia. Moses looked towards his friends, before flicking his eyes back, \"Yeah… I do.\" And that was that, as far as it went for Sam. She knew, after spending time with the group of adolescents for hours now, that no matter what you say, they'd just do the opposite. So here she was now, slowly opening the weed room door, slipping out, with one last glance backwards. She closed the door slowly and then leant against the shabby beige walls of the apartment, breathing slowly, trying to calm her nerves. Sam moved swiftly to the opposite wall, beginning to slink her way down towards the living room, then out the front door. \"Oi, hi.\" Ron, owner of the flat poked his head out of the closet, \"Is it safe?\" He watched as Sam shook her head quickly, \"No? All right then… good luck.\" The door shut once more and Sam adjusted her position as she saw all the aliens in front of her, all of them simply milling about the flat, making those weird whirring-growling noises. It was as she turned the corner and noticed the aliens wandering around in the bathroom, that she silently thanked god for the fact they were blind creatures. Sam made a swift movement, running quickly past the doorway, the scratching of the jeans she wore the only noise. She made it to the front door and the only thing between her and that piece of wood was one of the aliens. Sam's heart nearly stopped when it made its way towards her, getting closer and closer, only to turn at the last minute and join the other wandering aliens. Her breathing hitched as she took her escape, quickly undoing the door latch and running down the corridor towards where she had been instructed to go. She made it to apartment numbered 191, fumbling with the keys before opening the dirty, off-white coloured door and opening it. Sam soon slammed it closed again. The woman reached into the jacket's pockets, pulling out the old phone and quickly ringing the others. \"Are you sure no one's here?\" She asked it quickly, worried about endangering someone else. Moses' deep voice rang out, with the simple word, \"Yeah.\" Sam ventured forwards, slowly, before flicking on the light as seeing the pigsty in front of her. Empty fast food wrappers, pizza boxes, dirty mugs, clothes and various blankets were everywhere. She froze, shocked. Moses was after all a pretty serious and well mannered guy (besides the fact he obviously mugged her earlier that night), yet lived in a dump. \"Who do you live with?\" There was a pause, \"Just my uncle.\" The dark haired being looked around as she walked further into the flat and caught sight of a school picture, an adorable little boy in it. \"And where's he?\" One floor above, still in the weed room, Moses stood there silently, police handcuffs still on his wrists, but cut apart. \"'E comes an' goes.\" It was almost mumbled. \"Goes mostly.\" Sam wandered even further into the flat, stumbling upon a child's bedroom, with Spiderman sheets, a TV and army men included. \"You have a little brother?\" \"No.\" \"How old are you?\" \"15.\" And just like that, everything Sam knew about the boy made sense. She closed her eyes and fought off tears, she knew exactly what was up. Sam managed out a simple, \"You look older.\" And of course Moses simply said in response, \"Thanks.\" Pest brought out the last of his bangers, all three it seemed, getting them ready for Moses. Jerome and Brewis helped the teen put on the bag-pack, the dead, (supposedly) female alien inside. \"Shut the hatch,\" Moses commanded the woman one floor down. Sam shut it quickly, closing off the kitchen, before performing Moses' next commands. \"Lock the window; leave the front door on the latch.\" He paused, \"Turn the gas all the way up.\" He vaguely heard the sound of the gas turning on. Sam ran to the door, leaving on the latch as commanded before she heard his next command. \"Get out the block, as fast as you can. You hear me?\" Once she was out she paused, \"Good luck, Moses.\" \"Later.\" And that was that, the phone was hung up and the boy was once again preparing himself for what was next. Pest smiled at his best friend, \"Moses versus the monsters.\" His face turned to a frown though, as his head was slapped by his girlfriend. Talia looked up at the teenager who was looking, as she will always remember, badass. \"Kill them. All of them.\" She felt Pest pull her closer, if that was even possible as she was practically on his lap, before letting her go quickly. They had a job to do now. \"Allow it.\" And then it began. Downstairs, way downstairs, we're brought to the police and residents of the block all staring up at the building, very few knowing what was actually going on in there. Amongst these very people, stood four girls and Dennis, all anxiously looking up and all waiting.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I do not own Attack The Block, unless on DVD counts. Chapter 6: \"Allow It\" There were about three things running through the young American, Talia's, head throughout that night. The night of the invasion, that is. The first thing was simple; her dad. Joseph was a hard-working, single dad that was always gone and never, ever there for his daughter physically and emotionally. This stemmed from the death of his girlfriend (Talia's mother, Teresa) whilst Talia was still an infant. After losing the love of his life, he became distant. In fact, Joseph was working that night, and God was she grateful he was. The second thing was the fact that if they died, this had to be the weirdest/coolest way to go out. The third thing that plagued Talia's thought was her amazing(ly high) boyfriend, Pest. She loved him, so much, she truly did. But to be completely honest, she hated his nickname. Pest was sure as hell annoying, but to have to call her own boyfriend Pest ? He hated his real name, the one he was given at birth, said it reminded of things he'd rather forget. The only times she ever called him by his first name was for one of two reasons; she was either hella pissed, or they were having incredible sex. Not many people even remembered his name anyway; they all just call him Pest. Now Talia was not sure about why these thoughts were plaguing her thoughts this night, but she was sure glad they were. They were the only things that were keeping her sane. Her dad, the thought of dying in the coolest way possible and her Pest. \"Allow it.\" Moses had said those words. They'd been said before. Every time they did, shit happening was inevitable. There was an intense moment of silence as Moses mentally prepared himself for the moment he had to start running. He had the ugly ass alien strapped to his back, the katana in his right hand, bangers in the left. Moses' eyes were fixed, trained onto the door in front of him. It was now or never. The sound of a lighter being switched on was the go sign; Pest had his jacket on, hood and all, his bandana around his mouth. He quickly lit the fireworks and faced the door. Moments before the fireworks escaped his grasp, Brewis had banged down the door of the weed room, opening it wide. The fireworks were let loose down the hall, providing enough noise and smell to distract the seemingly blind aliens in the room over. Pest ducked to where his girlfriend, friend and newest friend stood, to the side of the doorway, letting his best friend have the way. Life was in slow motion, and once the smoke cleared it was made obvious how fast Moses was running. He jumped and the alien's head hit the top of the door frame. He launched himself over the aliens themselves, landing on an armchair or two, knocking them clean over. Moses' heart was beating faster than the bass on a dubstep song. As alien heads turned up at the smell of the female's pheromones, they all roared and followed; desperate to find and kill what has the female captured. Their glowing jaws opened wide and the furry, black creatures ran on all fours, scrambling to get closer to the scent. They chased the teen out of the apartment, all bumping into each other in their haste. Moses launched himself down the flight of stairs, the banger in his mouth. He had run so fast that he ran straight into the wall, but did not acknowledge the pain that ran up and down his side at the force behind that slam. He heard the aliens' right behind him and for a second he thought of Talia. She was perfect for Pest. She loved him. She needed him and he needed her. And after all, Moses would do anything for his best friend. He jumped the last few steps, desperate to get to his apartment before the aliens got to him. By the time Moses made it to his hallway, he had began to remove the straps to the bag on his back. It was a straight, full on sprint now. A literal race for his life. And there it was. Apartment no. 191. It stunk of gas. Moses kicked the door open with as much force as he could, quickly throwing the alien on the floor. The aliens raced after it and he raced to the hatch that lead to the kitchen. Opening the hatch, Moses ran to the sliding doors which lead to the balcony. He opened the door, quickly slung his katana onto his back, and brought up in front of him the banger and the lighter. He clicked at the lighter again and again, trying to focus on the task at hand, whilst trying to block out the aliens screeches. When it finally lit, he put the flame to the banger and let her rip. The aliens were at the hatch, in the living room, all trying to get closer. It was now that the firework set off and exploded into the kitchen in sparks. Sparks which lead to the larger explosion that caused the teenager to jump out, off the balcony. All those downstairs let out cries and shrieks of surprise and horror at the sight of the explosion. Nurse Samantha stood to the left of Dennis and the four girls, who all shaded their eyes against the blast. Sirens wailed, as more and more firemen, ambulances and police were called in. Sam covered her mouth and tears once again welled up in her eyes. She clenched her eyes shut and felt Dennis' hand on her shoulder. \"Is that Moses?\" \"Moses!\" And it was. Hanging by the flag of the United Kingdom, the great nation that it was, was the hero of the night, Moses. Her was desperately trying to stay attached to the flag, his breathing so ragged her felt he could pass out there. A helicopter got closer to the building and shone it's light on him, making him have to look down to avoid the brightness. Sam let out a breath of astonishment as she watched. There he was, 15-year-old gang member, Moses was hanging by the flag of their nation with only one shoe attached to his feet. His struggled as he turned, grasping at the balcony he was hanging from, trying to pull himself up desperately. And he did just that. Moses pulled himself up, making everyone let out a gasp of happiness. Back inside Wyndham, five people slowly made their way down a smoke-filled hallway, wandering towards the lifts. Jerome was limping, his side bandaged but bleeding slightly and incredibly painful. Ron was slowly behind the rest, carrying no weapon, so he was weary. Brewis held what looked to be a large, wooden broom, wielding the object like a bat. He was also pants less, as he had given his jeans to Sam. Talia was next, holding Pest's metal baseball bat, her eyes tired and last, but not least, was Pest himself, limping along in front. Wielding a rolling-pin as his dangerous weapon. The five slowed to a stop, spotting shadows in the smoke. Ron sighed deeply, \"Oh shit.\" \"Fuck,\" was Jerome's only answer. \"Is that more of the monsters?\" Brewis was both high, and confused. Pest brought Talia into his chest, hugging her as he muttered, \"Sort of,\" as he watched the shadows draw nearer. The outlines of about five men with guns pointed at them emerged, all shouting variations of; \"Armed police! Weapons down! Down on the ground!\" Talia was forced to the floor, with Pest's arms wrapped protectively around her body. They laid with the rest of their small group, avoiding anymore confrontation. More armed police stood in front of the only working elevator, weapons pointed at the doors. The lift finally reached it's destination and dinged as the doors opened. Moses stood there, in front of the dead bodies that Hi-Hatz had put there, with his katana in his hand and a grim look upon his face. As he listened to the cries of \"put your weapons down\" from the police, he sighed. Of course they weren't gonna think him a hero. He placed his arms behind his head and was lead outside.[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I do not own Attack The Block, unless on DVD counts. Epilogue: \"That's For You, Kid\" There was a huge crowd outside. Each and everyone in said crowd was worried about what they had just witnessed. Some of them had only seen the alien creatures. Others had only seen the explosion caused by our favourite gang leader, Moses. Very few knew all the details. The police were having trouble controlling the masses, all of the civilians trying to get a closer look. \"GET OFF OF HER!\" Pest was struggling to get out of the hold the officer had on him, not even caring his leg was bleeding once more. Talia had been removed from his arms and that was not okay with him. \"Stop resisting!\" The policeman in the hideously yellow jacket commanded the teen. \"I'm not resisting! You're pushing me over, you prick!\" Pest continued to struggle in the older mans hold, his grey jacket falling off his shoulders, revealing a green t-shirt with the words 'GRANNY MAGNET' on it. A gift from his Nan. Behind them was the larger man; Ron, being pushed about by two police officers. \"I don't even live here! I am a registered disabled, you're hurting me!\" He looked at the man on his left, \"What's your number? What's your number, huh?\" Further behind him was Jerome, he wasn't struggling with the man dragging him, mostly because he had almost passed out from the harshness shown to him by the officers. They had nudged his bandages and now he was in pain once more. \"I know my civil liberties. I'm a member of fucking Amnesty!\" Brewis was now being pulled out of the building by arresting officers. \"Get off me!\" There were three officers helping Moses towards the bully van. He was not resisting his arrest. He was calm. Nearly everyone who knew Moses was pointing at him, Tia, Sam, the girls and Dennis the only ones who were glad he was all right. In the crowd that is. Pest had also gotten sight of Moses. \"Our Moses saved the planet! He saved the planet from alien invasion!\" He had been yelling randomly, but had gotten the attention of Captain Joseph Marquez, who also happened to be Talia's father. \"He's a hero, a fucking legend!\" Tia, always one to deny her obvious affections for Moses, called out to him as he passed by. \"Moses, call me! We'll get you help!\" Dennis, who had his arm bandaged and in a sling shouted the same, \"Call us, Moses!\" It was at this point that Biggz ran up after being in the dumpster for half the night, \"Hey, Moses. Moses!\" Moses smirked at Biggz when he saw him. Everyone in their gang had turned up safe, some a little worse for ware, but safe none the less. He was pushed further along whilst Biggz got up close to the police officers with Dennis (whom he shared a man-hug with). \"Why do you always arrest 'da wrong people?\" Dennis asked. Biggz nodded, \"Moses is a hero! Don't you get it? He saved 'da whole block tonight!\" \"Excuse me, sir? This is Samantha Adams, the woman that called in the mugging.\" A police officer had lead Nurse Samantha towards his superior. The old man with an impressive moustache was talking to Joseph Marquez, head of the SWAT (Special Weapons And Tactics) team. The older man (who will forever be named in Sam's head as 'moustache-man') spoke with a strong accent that she couldn't place. \"Miss Adams, I believe you were out with two of my officers earlier tonight? You are aware they lost their lives?\" Sam nodded, \"Yeah. I was there. We were attacked!\" She pointed over to the bully van, where she noticed the boys and Talia getting into, \"Those guys over there.\" \"Can you confirm it was them?\" Captain Joseph asked, hoping the answer was no as he noticed that his daughter and her boyfriend were inside. \"Don't let them intimidate you, miss.\" Sam stared at the 15-year-old boy she had begun to care for, \"No. I know them. They're my neighbours. They saved me, they saved all of us.\" The doors to the van were shut just as the crowd began to chant their hero's name, \"Moses! Moses! Moses! Moses! Moses! Moses!\" The two youngsters, Probs and Mayhem, joined in the chanting with their own, \"Brap! Brap! Brap!\" Pest was smirking, his arms behind his back in handcuffs, his hair falling into his eyes, at his girlfriend beside him and Moses opposite him. \"You hear 'dat, Moses?\" Talia giggled, leaning her head on her boyfriends shoulder, beyond tired from the night they had just experienced. \"That's for you, kid.\" The three of them were silent, simply listening for a few minutes before they let out the loudest laughs they had done in a long, long time. \"Dad,\" Talia acknowledged her father, standing in front of him. She hadn't seen the night before, but she had assumed was there, after all that was his job. \"Thanks, I guess.\" He had barged into her cell earlier that morning, yelling about how the hell had managed to get involve in this shit, before yelling at Pest for not keeping her safe. It had taken a good hour and a half to calm down the American man, before they had the chance to explain everything. Over night police had crawled over the block with magnifying glasses (and various other tools), picking up everything they considered evidence, the aliens included. Naturally, they were all set free, even Ron (having said that the weed room belonged to Hi-Hatz). Joseph had made a case to his boss about the fact they were all acting in self-defence. Joseph pulled her into a hug, before letting out a chuckle, \"I heard from your friend, Dennis was it?\" He lightly punched his daughters shoulder with his large fist, \"I guess all my training taught you well.\" Talia felt herself blush, \"I guess.\" The doors to the right of them burst open and Talia saw a blur of pale skin and brown, curly hair before she was scooped up into the most passionate kiss she had ever received. \"Talia, baby, thank fuck you're alright.\" Pest had been whisked away, along with most of the boys to get their statements and also to get medical help. He had crutches (that had been dropped to the floor) and a cast on his leg, but was still holding his girlfriend above the ground, in his arms. \"James!\" She sighed into his neck, her arms wrapped around his body, pulling him as close to her as possible. Talia was so glad he was alright that she had even called him by his given name; James. \"Alright?\" The two were pulled apart by the gang and there were hugs all round. Ron, Brewis, Sam, Moses, Biggz, Dennis, Jerome, Pest, Tia, Dimples, the girls and Talia all shared a large group hug before parting ways - all desperate to see their families and get some bloody rest. There was a small gathering in one of the only safe apartments left in the block, Talia's apartment that was. It was large, bigger than the others in the block, but her dad did earn more than most living here. It was an intimate affair; laughs and tears shared (mostly from Biggz's mother). Moses and Nurse Samantha had big news that shocked and surprised everyone. She had decided to adopt Moses, desperate to give him a better life, his almost always absent uncle even agreeing to it. Sam had decided that he needed the right parenting, something she had grown up with and had noticed Moses lacked. Tia had even plucked up the courage to ask out Moses and the two of them going steady for many years to come. Pest and Talia had disappeared later that night, whilst Pest's grandmother had been in the middle of a serious story about her knitting, they were not seen again for about another six hours. When asked later on what they thought kept them alive, the girls (minus Talia) commented on fate. The boys thought this was complete bullshit and said that it was a combination of Moses' amazing no-shit attitude and badass-ery, as well as Talia's love for her babe; Pest, and his friends. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Attack The Block, unless on DVD counts. Chapter 1; \"Oh My Days\" Pest pau"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"Female Hancock","Author":"takara410","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9654118","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own Celeste yawned and stretched, she looked to the other side of her bed, he was gone. She smiled when she saw the money, her stomach growled. She sighed and got up. She opened her closet and picked out a black corset, tight pants and a leather jacket. She smiled when she sniffed, breakfast was cooking. She put them on, putting her deodorant on and headed to her kitchen. She smiled when she saw her maid, Belinda was putting scrambled eggs on her plate. \"How are your children?\" She asked sitting in her seat. \"My youngest, has a bit of a fever.\" Belinda said putting the toast on her plate and putting it in the sink ready to wash. \"That's too bad.\" Celeste said starting to eat her scrambled eggs. Belinda nodded; she picked up the empty basket and headed to the bedroom. \"Can you turn on the TV, please?\" Celeste asked turning to the TV \"Of course.\" Belinda said going to the sofa, she picked up the remote and turned the TV on. She headed into the bedroom. Celeste was eating breakfast when she saw it was on a news channel. She sighed and listened on how cars were stuck and a train was coming their way. She sighed and went into the bedroom, seeing Belinda putting the dirty clothes into the basket. Her sheets were already in their. \"Have people to save.\" She took off her clothes and putting on a short skirt with chains, and a red halter top. She put her black hair in a ponytail and put on a wig. This wig was two colors, one half was red another was black. \"Got to go.\" She said opening the window and flying out. Belinda closed the window, grabbing the basket and headed to the laundry room. \"How can you do work for a whore ?\" A new butler asked shaking his head. She looked at him as she was putting the wet sheets into the dryer. \"She has helped me, she has sheltered me and my three boys and she even let's me cook dinner for them at her house. Truth is she's depressed and lonely.\" \"She should use the money on pills not clothes.\" He said going back to his laundry. With Celeste She flew down, she ignored everyone yelling at her. She hated days when she had to be coherent. She rolled her eyes looking at the woman. She picked the car up, and let herself get hit with the train. \"You could have injured that woman!\" Is what she heard a lot. \"Would you rather she be dead?\" She asked ready to fly off. \"I am glad she was here, I would have been dead.\" A woman said \"I truly thank you.\" Celeste nodded \"Since you helped me , I was wondering if I could help you.\" The woman said Celeste raised an eyebrow\"All right.\" She picked her up and then the car and flew into the air. \"So where do you live?\" Celeste asked The woman showed her to her house. She let her go and put the car in the garage. \"I never caught your name? \" The woman said waiting for her at the porch. \"Celeste, for now.\" She looked at the house as she got closer to, it was beautiful. \"What is your name?\" \"It's Rhea.\" She said smiling \"Babe, I'm glad your back.\" A man said though he stopped when he saw Celeste. \"She will explain.\" Celeste said pointing to his wife. He nodded looking to his wife \"Well I have a genius idea. I will help your image with the public.\" Rhea said walking into the kitchen, \"Oh really?\" Celeste said with a smile She stopped when she saw a child, the husband bumped into her. \"Sorry.\" He said She looked at him\"No the fault is mine.\" She stared at the child as she sat down. \"Are you okay?\" He asked eyeing her She nodded looking from the kid to him. \"Yes, I just don't know much about kids.\" She admitted uneasy. \"Don't worry Aaron is calm.\" He said with a smile. Aaron ran up to her smiling at her. The parents were watching as the hero and their son interacted. Celeste felt the child's eyes on her, she started to feel uncomfortable. \"Do you have anything hard to drink?\" Her husband went in the fridge \"I got beer?\" He said looking at her \"Sure.\" She said smiling ,she grabbed it \"Celeste.\" 'Michael\" He said She looked at Rhea \"So you have some plan?\" Rhea smiled\"Yes, I have a charity called the All-Heart foundation.\" \"That's great, do you want me to find you some clients?\" Celeste asked now holding an empty bottle towards Michael. \"Actually we will be helping one another out. You will be my project, and once they start finding out that they need you. We will have made sure that you will be the greatest superhero.\" \"What ?\" Celeste and Michael said 'Your wife is crazy.\" Celeste said going into the fridge and getting another bottle. She started to drink and realized the kid was till watching her. She looked at him \"Is their something you want ?\" \"You're a superhero!\" Aaron said She nodded \"By day and whore by night.\" She whispered to herself Michael raised an eyebrow to her. \"Please Celeste let me help you.\" Rhea asked grabbing her hand Celeste sighed \"What ever.\" She searched in her skirt. She cursed \"Do you have pen and paper?\" Michael nodded and went into a drawer giving her a notepad with a pen attached. She started to write down her address \"If you are serious then come to my house.\" She got up but stopped \"When will he stop doing that?\" \"I don't know.\" Rhea said with a smile Celeste headed to the door \"Please stay for dinner.\" Rhea said \"I can't.\" Celeste said \"I have to meet with the mayor.\" \"You get to meet with the mayor…like daily?\" Rhea asked smiling Celeste stopped walking \"Well, not daily ever since he got the new baby.\" She said smiling. \"That's sweet, he is taking time off work.\" Rhea said as the adults made it to the door. Celeste stopped walking, turning to her. She looked at her. \"That's a joke right?\" \"What?\" Rhea asked confused \"I'm sure you know what I mean.\" Celeste said looking to Michael \"You're a whore.\" Michael said \"Prostitute.\" Celeste said pointing at him Rhea gasped \"You're a superhero.\" \"Yes, this is why I wear a costume. Plus would you rather I starve and be homeless? People do not pay me for saving their lives…anymore.\" \"You could not think of any other job!\" Michael asked \"No and when you owe money to the mob-\"She shook her head \"I will tell you later…possibly.\" She headed out and flew away. \"The city's superhero is a prostitute.\" Rhea whispered. \"You sure you want to help her?\" Michael asked following his wife into the kitchen. \"Did you see her eyes?\" Rhea asked \"No, why?\" \"They were sad.\" Rhea said kissing her son's head. Celeste made it back to her window, taking off her superhero clothes and hair for her other clothes. She heard laughing and knew Belinda had her kids over. She went to the kitchen, nodding to the family. \"I made you two tortas.\" Belinda said giving her son a napkin. \"Thank you. Please make some brunch for two adults and a child\" Celeste said grabbing a wine bottle and headed to the business bedroom. \"Why?\" Belinda asked curious following her \"Rhea is going to help me get better opinion of the people.\" She said with a laugh in the hallway. \"Serah-\" \"That is not my name anymore!\" She growled out \"It used to be.\" Belinda said looking at her harshly. \"You wanted something.\" Celeste said mad \"I will not be here; I am using my two weeks off, for family reunion.\" Belinda said \"What! Tell me you have food in the fridge.\" \"I will be leaving food for a week, who knows you can learn to cook.\" Belinda said She rolled her eyes \"I tried.\" \"Ok you burned water, burned bread and burned a TV dinner. That is why they have something called practice!\" \"That is why they have maids !\" Belinda looked outraged \"And they have prostitutes.\" She said leaving the hallway \"The mayor has no problem with me…and neither did your brother.\" Belinda stopped walking coming back to her and smacked her. Celeste just laughed \"I'm indestructible!\" \"So indestructible you can't have children!\" Belinda yelled as she was gathering her kids out the suite. \"Get out of my house!\" As she said that, the door had already slammed. Celeste waited for the mayor to show up and she did her job. She was ignoring him on top of her and was happy that he finished early. She rolled her eyes when he answered his phone and she heard the cry of the baby. He threw a credit card at her and he mouthed \"Two months.\" He went to the shower in the room, which had his suits, she waited for him to leave and waited for her other two clients to come and go. She groaned when she heard knocking on the door. She had too much to drink; she headed to the door groaning. She made sure she was clothed and opened the door. \"It is way too early for you to be here.\" She groaned opening the door wider. \"It's noon.\" Michael said walking in \"What ever.\" She closed the door and noticed it was the adults. \"Where is the little watcher?\" She asked \"At a friends.\" Rhea said putting her purse on the table and taking papers out. \"Have any food?\" Michael asked Celeste opened the fridge mad no prepared food was in it. She went back to the counter top. \"No.\" \"I am sure I can cook something.\" Michael said opening the fridge. \"You have food.\" He said confused \"Where?\" She asked running over to the fridge. \"I see nothing, but things I CAN'T cook.\" She said picking up her phone \"Who are you calling?\" Rhea asked \"Room service.\" Rhea grabbed the phone shaking her head. \"I'll cook.\" Rhea said moving from her spot. \"I'm not paying you, besides my maid should have done it.\" Celeste said taking the phone back \"Why pay for a bill, when you have the food here.\" Rhea said taking the phone back. \"No, I will just get us breakfast.\" Celeste said taking the phone back. \"No, you don't have to.\" Rhea said grabbing the phone. Michael watched as they fought over the phone, he grabbed it. \"I will cook breakfast.\" \"You don't have to do that!\" \"Why waste your money when you have all that you need?\" He said \"Fine, you want to be strange be strange.\" Celesta said throwing her hands up and heading to her real bedroom. Michael watched her as he left, she was never like that. He looked to his wife. \"What are you in the mood for?\" \"What does she have?\" \"What doesn't she have?\" \"I would love steak.\" He nodded He took out the steaks and went around the kitchen finding the skillet though their was a note. \"Hey I think this is for us.\" Rhea looked up from her papers; she was ready to talk to Celeste \"What makes you say that?\" She looked up the cared read \"To the people helping Celeste.\" He opened it. \"Please be patient with her, she is deeply depressed. Try to keep the alcohol away from her. She will listen to your ideas more if you feed her. She is like a stray cat that way. She is a good person though rough around the edges. She has been alone for so long, she will not trust you. She is like a stray; do not talk about how she makes money remember this and you will get her to like you.\" Her maid Belinda He read it and then gave it to his wife. \"I feel so refreshed.\" Celeste said coming out of the room in a black robe. \"That's good.\" Rhea said putting the letter on the table \"Now how about we go and talk about the city loving you.\" She picked up her papers and they went over to the sofa and talked. \"I am okay with the costume change, but I am not going to jail and I sure as hell am not giving up this place!\" Celeste said getting up and walking into the kitchen stabbing at her steak. After eating three bites she looked at Michael \"This is delicious.\" She wiped her mouth with a napkin \"This needs wine.\" She searched her top cupboards and was looking confused. She smiled when she grabbed the box, she looked at the box. \"What the hell?\" She asked \"Is everything alright?\" Michael asked \"No! My wine is gone.\" \"Maybe your maid took it.\" Rhea said looking at her husband worried \"Yeah I guess.\" She stopped \"How do you know I have a maid?\" \"We passed by a few, figured you had one.\" Rhea said She nodded and went back to her plate, enjoying the steak. \"So I was wondering which choices do you like?\" Rhea asked holding costume drawings. \"I don't mind them, I just wish I could show some chest or leg.\" \"You don't need to, if you do one of these then it will show female independence.\" Rhea said \"I would like an outfit like Xena's.\" \"Who's?\" \"Xena warrior Princess played by Lucy Lawless.\" Michael said Celeste smiled \"Yeah, how do you know the show?\" \"I watch a lot of TV.\" She nodded \"I like her outfit.\" \"I guess I could look at that, but about jail.\" \"I did not work so hard for all of this to have my ass in jail !\" Celeste said throwing the plate at the floor. They jumped looking at her. \"It will show the city needs you.\" Rhea said \"I want house arrest.\" Celeste said \"I could try for that.\" Rhea said and smiled \"If you try to cook burgers for us.\" \"What!\" Michael said \"I can't cook.\" She gritted out \"You can stop bullets, get hit by anything with out feeling pain but you can't provide for yourself.\" Rhea said \"Do you know how crazy that sounds.\" \"As crazy as you wanting the city to love me.\" Celeste said \"Try prison.\" Celeste huffed \"Fine if people gang up on me, I will kick their ass.\" \"I know.\" Rhea said with a smile Celeste sighed as the prison was getting closer \"I can't believe you talked me into this.\" \"It will help.\" Rhea said \"Whatever.\" Celeste said rolling her eyes. Rhea was talking to a guard, Celeste was leaning on the car enjoying her freedom. \"Can I ask you something.\" Michael asked leaning on the car a well. \"Yeah?\" She asked looking at him \"Please do not mess with her, she is a good woman.\" She looked at him \"I know.\" End Chapter I know girl Hancock as you can tell I changed the movie we will know how she coped with her amnesia[Chapter 2] I do not own Celeste woke up and groaned she was missing her bed. She stayed in her cell ignoring the yells, as always. \"Group therapy.\" A guard said opening her cell. She sighed getting up and heading out her cell and followed him. She sat in her chair, getting as comfortable as she could and listened to their stories. She rolled her eyes \"Why didn't you hit him sooner?\" Angela looked at her \"Excuse me?\" \"Why didn't you attack him, you knew it was wrong what your father was doing?\" \"I was scared.\" Angela said ready to cry Celeste rolled her eyes \"Wonder Woman why don't you talk?\" The doctor said \"I'll pass.\" Celeste said tired \"No you disrespect us, and what we have been through time to step up!\" The leader Codi said standing up. The other girls agreed. \"Alright fine. I woke up in a hospital turns out I got attacked, and got amnesia. I finally could leave the hospital and in my purse were keys. Police found my house, I went in things were gone. While piecing together my life, I had no family, and no money. I don't even know how I was even paying for such a nice apartment. The cops came by the second week later to arrest me.\" \"Why what did you?\" One girl asked \"They said I was a prostitute and most likely someone didn't want to pay and I got whacked.\" \"What? That's crazy!\" Another girl said \"I was in prison, I not only had amnesia but I was in a prison known for abusing women. Though I heard other women cry, beg and plead I never got raped. That made me a target , they beat me. Though a bruise never lasted for long, before I knew it some one paid for my bill.\" \"Who?\" Codi asked interested \"A mob boss, though I did not know what he was at the time. He said that we were going to the movies until we got attacked. \" \"You believed him?\" Codi asked Celeste looked at her \"He said the movie, place and time. Plus he was nice tome,and told mewhat I thought were truths at the your naïve and have amnesia you believe anyone.\" \"Damn, he must have had some cops on his payroll.\" Another girl said \"Anyway I lived in his house, believed the lies and had no idea he was a mob boss. What I didn't know was that he was drugging me. Wanted to keep me in a fog, to never wake up .A naïve amnesiac wife is just as good as a dumb one.\" \"What happened, is he still alive?\" One girl asked \"No, we were leaving a restaurant and out car got smashed. We were crawling away when they were starting to shoot him. They came over to me but I took them with ease, when it was finally over with my outfit had so many bullet holes. I heard cops coming and I ran.\" \"Why wasn't this in the paper?\" Codi asked Celeste smiled \"It was… years ago.\" \"No way your that old.\" \"Are you a vampire ?\"One girl asked with a smile on her face \"Bitch do I look like I sparkle?\" They laughed at her frown, Celeste smirked. \"Ok I am going to close it early, today.\" The doctor said Celeste stayed in her cell and started to draw in the wall with her nail. It was of the death of her fake husband. She hated herself for being so weak, so naïve how could she. The whole situation she felt weird and sick, she didn't feel at home at all. The doctor Natalie was calling Rhea \"Hello?\" Michael asked \"Hi this is Celeste's group therapy doctor, can you and your wife please come here.\" She stressed \"Did she jump the fence again ?\" He asked tired \"No just please come.\" \"Alright.\" He hung up and went to the living room. \"Celeste's group therapy doctor called, she wants both of us.\" Rhea sighed giving her son the toy, walking to her husband \"What did she do now?\" \"She is not in trouble…I don't think.\" He said Rhea sighed playing with her hair. \"I want to see Celeste.\" Aaron said walking over to them. \"Really?\" Rhea asked going on her knees to look at him. He nodded his head. \"Alright let's go.\" Michael said grabbing his keys, and heading for the door. \"We can't go yet!\" Aaron said \"Why not ?\"Michael asked concerned \"We don't have Celeste's favorite food with us!\" He said outraged \"Favorite food?\" Michael asked \"Duh, her favorite food red velvet cupcakes.'\" Aaron said rolling his eyes. \"I don't think that's her fav-\" \"Yes it is dad.\" Aaron said going into the kitchen only to run out panicked. \"We don't have anymore!\" He yelled panicked \"We will just go buy some.\" Rhea said heading out the door. Aaron shook his head while heading out the door \"She will notice the difference.\" \"I doubt she will.\" Michael said getting into the passenger seat as his wife started the car. \"You have visitors.\" A guard said Celeste groaned, but got up following him. She was shocked to see Michael and the little talker. \"Where's Rhea ?\" She asked concerned \"She is talking with the doctor.\" Michael said a she sat down \"We brought you cupcakes.\" Aaron said with a smile showing her the cupcakes that were now in tupperware. Celeste smiled \"Thanks cutie.\" She opened it, and her smile got bigger \"Red velvet cupcakes.\" \"Aaron said they were your favorite but-\" She shook her head biting into it, and swallowed. \"No he's right. Dang store bought.\" Aaron looked at his father. \"Thanks anyway.\" Celeste said finishing the cupcake, \"Celeste the city is starting to miss you.\" Aaron said She raised an eyebrow \"Oh really?\" She looked to Michael \"All the city can talk about is if it's a good thing you're locked up or not.\" He said Celeste nodded \"So where is Rhea?\" \"Here I am, and I need Michael.\" Celeste moved her hand \"Go, Aaron and me can talk about school. Along with how he got the punch on his arm.\" She said looking at the boy. Aaron looked to the ground and covered his arm . \"Aaron-\" Michael said concerned \"Go! Talk about me.\" Celeste said Michael nodded and they went to a room. \"What happened?\" Rhea asked concerned \"Well she finally talked, after the girls got tired of her talking about issues that deeply affected them.\" \"Wow.\" Rhea said impressed \"'What did she talk about?\" Michael asked interested Natalie pressed play and it was the group therapy session. \"Wow so she's like immortal.\" Rhea said with astonishment \"Why did the cops do that to her? She had amnesia\" Michael asked mad Natalie shrugged \"Where ever she was the mob had heavy influence on the police.\" \"She was taken advantage of.\" Rhea said sad \"After she ran she most likely learned to protect herself and shield herself from people.\" Natalie said \"She most likely hung out with the wrong crowd and soon she did what came naturally to her. Having sex, drinking, she may know it's bad but it is most likely the only thing that is constant.\" \"She really is lonely.\" Rhea said Michael was calm on the outside but furious \"Do you have any proof ?\" Natalie looked at him \"About the eighty years ago?\" He explained She nodded going to a computer, and typing in things \"Yes, the police did say there was a woman in the car. The suspect aid how they shot a woman but she kept moving. Though their were drugs in their system, so it can't be true. They aren't the same woman\" \"She is immortal.\" Michael growled out \"Yes, your right.\" \"How is she doing with the lack of alcohol?\" Michael asked concerned \"She is shaking at times, other times she screams so loud it shakes the jail. Most days she just sits and watches, forgetting to blink at times.\" \"Will she get better?\"Michael asked concerned Natalie shrugged \"The longest alcoholic I have had was a man who was one for fifty years. She is an immortal, who knows how long she has been drinking.\" Michael nodded \"I'm going to leave you two alone.\" The women nodded. Michael came back to see Celeste was showing Aaron how to punch, along with a guard. \"Now do that and he won't mess with you.\" A guard said Michael watched as Aaron started practicing the punches in the air. He was about to make his presence known when he noticed the guard was walking toward Celeste. She was sitting on the table, she was smiling at him, though the smile did not meet her eyes. He growled when the guard put his hand on her thigh and started to rub it up and down. She moved closer to him, the guard smiled took out a small bottle. Michael saw it and realized it was alcohol. She snatched it putting it in her shirt. She pulled him close and kissed him before pushing him away. \"Hey dad!\" All the adults looked at the little boy then the guilt guard and proud Celeste looked at Michael. \"Hey did you finish what you wanted finish?\" She asked with a smile. \"Yeah we did.\" He said walking over to them and ruffling his son's hair. \"That's good.\" She said smiling He nodded and looked at the guard who was looking guilty. Celeste was shaking her head, at the idiot. \"Aaron, why don't you show your dad, what I taught you.\" She said getting off the table and going over to the boy. \"Can I dad?\" He asked interested He was staring at the guard then to his son \"Of course.\" \"All right let's go.\" Rhea said as Aaron finished his demonstration. \"I will walk you out.\" Celeste said following them when she got to the door, she was wondering why Michael was staring at her. \"How is my home?\" She asked looking at Rhea \"Belinda is fine and she forgives you. Her son is going to school now.\" Rhea said smiling at her. \"I didn't ask-\" \"You didn't have to.\" Rhea said hugging her, Celeste froze. Rhea and Aaron headed out. Michael looked at Celeste, she looked at him. He went got the bottle so fast she couldn't even react. \"Stay sober.\" He said with a smile. Celeste growled at him and went back to her cell. She didn't know how many days passed she really wanted some wine. \"You got a call.\" A guard said \"Take a message.\" \"It's the chief of police.\" She sighed but got up, though before she left the guard gave her a box. She opened it letting the top fall on the floor. She smiled she changed and headed out, she gave the hand to the officer. She kept saying \"Good job.\" To everyone until someone clapped. She looked around and uneasily smiled at him and then others clapped. She kept her smile on and flew away. She made it to her apartment, shocked the window was locked. She knocked and smiled when Aaron came. She pointed to the lock but frowned when he shook his head and left the room. She smiled when Rhea came in, though she realized she was writing something and put it to the window. \"Use the door.\" Celeste shook her head and knocked again. Rhea now pointed to the note. Celeste groaned and realized people were forming a crowd. She flew around the city and then made it back using the door. \"It' good to have you back Serah.\" Belinda said hugging her \"Serah?\" All three said \"Yes, it was my name before I changed it.\" \"You changed your name?\" Aaron asked playing with Belinda's son, James. \"Yes, you can do that when you live for a very long time.\" \"Though I will always call her, Serah.\" Belinda said hugging her \"I like the name Celeste.\" She said smiling and moving over to the cupboards. She slammed each one closed. \"Where is my monthly wine? No way could you all have drunken it, by now.\" \"I canceled your subscription.\" Rhea said \"You did what!\" Celeste said James grabbed Aaron and they went to play in another room. \"I did she suggested it.\" Belinda said Celeste looked at her \"Are you crazy! Where are they?\" \"Well we are improving your image so we gave them to your neighbors.\" Rhea said \"What about Misses Hethel.\" \"Two.\" Belinda said \"What about misses Colbert?\" \"Three.\" \"What did you do to make them hate you?\" \"Slept with one of them and slept with the others husband. He was so ready to ditch her; their kids were calling me mommy.\" She said playing with her hair. \"You aren't proud of what you did.\" Michael said \"I did what I had to do ,the mayor was in for reelection.\" \"Who else pays for you?\" Michael asked \"Two mob bosses, this is neutral territory.\" Celeste said eating grapes from the bowl in front of her. Michael was quiet. \"Oh so sorry I am not married and have someone take care of me.\" She said rolling her eyes and heading to her room. She came out wearing a shirt, jeans and boots. She was putting on a jacket. \"Not going to wear a bra.\" Michael said mad \"Nope.\" \"We are going to eat together, please be back by eight.\" Rhea said with a smile. Celeste nodded and headed out, she smiled as people applauded her. She was waiting for someone to curse at her though. She smiled and headed into a bar, she was sipping a beer. She felt the liquid go down her throat but as soon as she swallowed. She didn't feel as happy as she thought, she finished it though. She searched her pockets, though she saw a credit card at the corner of her eyes. \"Mine and hers.\" She looked at the man \"Thanks.\" \"No problem, I'm Rick.\" He held out his hand \"Angel.\" She said with a smile, shaking his hand. \"So do you live around here?\" He asked suggestively \"Yes she does.\" Michael said and grabbed her out of her seat. Michael dragged her a few blocks away \"What is your problem!\" He asked looking at her mad \"No what's yours?\" She yelled moving his hand off of her. \"What are you doing following me?\" \"I wanted to make sure you wouldn't do something like that.\" He said mad \"No one would have known it was me.\" She said rolling her eyes \"Why do you act like your trash?\" \"I survived only because I sold my body, I don't know how to cook, clean or do anything. Why else would I not feel like trash?\" She said walking out the alleyway He grabbed onto her \"Let us help you.\" She pushed him away \"You'll get tired of me, they always do.\" \"Why won't you let anyone in?\" He asked \"I already have, enough to have that exclusive condo and own two mansions.\" He grabbed her and pushed her into the wall, picking her up \"You know what I mean.\" She pushed him and he flew a few feet before hitting a dumpster \"Don't touch me, unless you're going to pay. See you at dinner.\" She flew off. Rhea and Belinda watched as she went into her bedroom and they heard the shower. \"I will go get dressed as well.\" Rhea said Belinda smiled and waited for her friend picking out dresses. \"I feel better.\" Celeste said coming out the shower, with no towel. \"You are so vain, Serah.\" Belinda said throwing a towel at her \"I'm sexy and I know it.\" She said with a smile and started drying off. Belinda took out a dress, it was a long tight black dress. \"Red tonight.\" Celeste said going into the closet and picking out a red dress, that was simple and showed the top part of her was tight on her ,stopped way before the knees. \"The city is loving you, don't wear that.\" Belinda pleaded Celeste looked at Belinda \"All right.\" She threw the dress on the floor. She grabbed the dress from Belinda \"Red or black corset.\" \"Bra, black. New image.\" Belinda whispered in her ear. \"Fine\" She huffed putting on a black bra and slipped on the dress. She put on some pumps \"Wow.\" She whispered to herself once she looked in the mirror. \"I told you, you were sister.\" Belinda said hugging her from behind. \"I need make up.\" She said playing with her hair. \"No you don't.\" She said rolling her eyes. \"Yes, I do.\" She said going to the room that her guests were occupying. She opened it without knocking \"Do you have any makeup?\" Rhea jumped and looked at her, though she was confused by it. \"Yes, how come you don't have any?\" She shrugged \"I don't know, I just haven't been interested in make up, until now.\" \" She doesn't need any.\" Belinda said crossing her arms \"Yes, I do.\" \"No you don't.\" \"Yes, I do!\" \"I'm with Belinda on this one you don't need any makeup.\" Michael said coming out the bathroom with a towel on his waist. \"Yet you both wear make up.\" She said pointing a finger to each of them \"I am not as beautiful as you.\" Rhea said \"I have a date with my husband.\" Belinda said \"Excuses! I am not as beautiful as you all think and I would like to have a husband.\" She said sitting on the bed \"You are…now get off my suit.\" She looked at him then the bed, standing up \"My bad.\" They said goodbye to Belinda and headed to the restaurant, as they approached Celeste was squeezing their hands tighter and tighter. \"Loosen up.\" Rhea pleaded looking at her Celeste looked at her hand \"I'm sorry.\" She let go immediately. \"Oh sorry.\" She then looked at Michael and realized she was crushing his hand. \"Sorry.\" \"Nervous?\" He asked She shook her head \"Me nervous? Why would I be? Because for most of my time here, they didn't like me and now I am about to be in front of dozens of cameras and people will hug me. More kids will be around other than Aaron and Belinda's kids.\" \"Why are you so uncomfortable with kids?\" Just as he asked that, the car stopped and the door was opened. Rhea groaned as Celeste crushed her hand. \"Be happy she remembered and isn't breaking our hand.\" Her husband whispered. \"Oh I missed you.\" Celeste said then emptied her wine glass. \"Celeste!\" Rhea said \"What, I won't get drunk off one glass. I get drunk off four wine bottles.\" She said with a smile \"You were doing so good.\" Michael snorted, Rhea looked at him with a curious gaze. Celeste sighed \"I have drunken less thanks to being with you.\" \"In jail-\" \"I got a guard to give me a bottle everyday, Michael found out.\" Rhea hit him \"Why didn't you tell me ?\" \"I wanted her to, after all he is the one who need to grow.\" Michael said eating food. \"Don't be angry with him, he is that little voice in my head that is getting louder.\" Rhea nodded \"So what happened?\" \"Happened?\" Celeste asked eating a piece of steak \"For you to cause amnesia have you looked upon it?\" Michael looked at her interested \"No, by the time I wanted answers my doctor was dead. I do know the real facts are I was with someone and we were going to see a movie. Though I wonder if I had anyone , whether it was a relative or a child, wife or husband.\" \"Wife?\" Michael asked surprised She nodded \"When you're alone for so long, you want to be with anyone other than yourself. Especially when you turn yourself into a crazy house.\" \"So you went from one bad relationship to the next.\" Michael said \"And I learned how to be a bounty hunter.\" \"How come you're not being hunted?\" \"I died knife straight into the heart. He was mad when the results came back and though I was fertile I was not getting pregnant.\" She said with a frown \"That's sad, so you've tried.\" Rhea said \"Yes, several times, I am a scientific mystery.\" She drank her wine slower this time but still finished it. \"I am so sorry you had to go through that.\" Michael said \"Yeah well, what ever.\" She had her drink refilled once again \"So what was it like?\" Rhea asked \"Being stabbed, physically no pain mentally three sessions of hardcore no name sex and eating ice-cream.\" Michael started to look uncomfortable Rhea shook her head \"No, to wakeup in the hospital.\" \"Oh. It was cold.\" \"Cold?\" \"Yeah, when you can hear people's family talk about how happy they are they are alive or new mothers you feel sad and cold. You know no one will come that you are waiting for them to say you can go home. You go home, and you don't get the feeling you think you would. It's just as foreign and then with my situation, you see the same people who helped you and your in a place that is loud and harsh.\" She felt her eyes watering and wiped them away with the back of her hand \"I'm not hungry anymore.\" She left and went to the bar. \"Oh no.\" Rhea said getting up \"No, let her deal.\" They were going to their house and Celeste had given the babysitter the money. \"Not much of a drinker.\" Celeste said with a smile opening a beer. \"She hasn't had practice like you.\" He said leaning on the fridge \"Point taken.\" She was looking at the pictures on the wall; she got up to look at them closer. \"You're so lucky.\" She said looking at a picture of Aaron. \"I like to think so.\" He said walking over to her She shook her head \"No, to have a child. When I was working in whorehouses, they would get me the only way they could. They would say how they just had an abortion then threw a party.\" \"That's horrible.\" He said walking over to her. \"Yeah.\" She said looking to the floor. He pushed her head up by putting his fingers under her chin. She looked at him quizzically. He slowly approached her and kissed her on the lips. She enjoyed the kiss but then snapped out of it and pushed him away from her, he went through the wall. She shook her head while leaving out the gaping whole; she spared no glance at him. She went to where she used to call home a long time ago. She realized no one was around and all lights were off. She went to the remains of a home; she looked at it remembering the memories that were with it. She grabbed a few memories before the upstairs collapsed on her. She walked to the one person who knew her. She sat on the porch remembering the kiss. She hated herself, the kiss was so nice, it felt real and actually felt like love. She shook her head it felt so nice and yet he was cheating on his wife. If he did this before her \"transformation\" he would have enjoyed a night. She thought about Aaron and spaghetti night. She felt like a family, she hasn't felt like that since Belinda was sixteen. She stayed on the stairs, watching as people went into their cars and drove off to their day. She started to hear Belinda's husband wake up and get ready for the day. She moved away from her spot. She went into the hammock, not even having it move. She smirked when he jumped at seeing her. She looked at him and nodded. She waited for Belinda to wake up and then her kids. She watched as each one headed out the door. The older two her daughter Rosita jumped into the hammock and hugged her. While John nodded to her and they headed out. She watched as other children their age waited for the bus and got on. She heard her youngest \"No school! No!\" She took one last look and headed in, she walked in to where the cries where. \"You're not a baby.\" She said walking over to the three year old. \"No school!\" He yelled throwing his bowl on the floor. \"Where's mommy?\" She asked walking over to him. \"No school!\" Celeste rolled her eyes, and picked him up. She stilled when he put his arms around her. She raised an eyebrow when she smelled vomit, not from him. She sadly followed the vomit smell. She found Belinda on the floor, she put the boy down. \"Belinda wake up!\" Wake up!\" She yelled and started to smack her. Celeste cursed while pulling at her hair, she looked to Belinda. She hadn't moved at all, Celeste picked her up and then the child running out the house and flying to a hospital. \"I need a doctor!\" She yelled while landing near two nurses. \"I'll follow you.\" She said moving past the nurses, they nodded and showed her an empty room. \"What's wrong with her?\" One asked Celeste was about to answer him until the boy started crying. She was about to answer him until the boy started squirming while yelling \"momma.\" Celeste growled and started to get mad \"Please stop!\" She yelled holding him at arms length so she could look at him. He stopped, she smiled and looked at the nurse \"I smelled vomit and found her like this.\" She noticed he stopped looking at her; she followed his eyes and noticed the kid was starting to form tears. \"I'm sor-\" Too late the child was screaming his lung out. Celeste started to shake him uneasily after five minutes of that. She got stressed and put the child down and headed out \"I will be back.\" She ran out and went flying, she noticed that it was a strong wind with rain. She flew to Rhea's house. Though she went down when she saw the fridge wasn't outside .She ran into the whole \"Knock Knock!\" \"Celeste is that you?\" Rhea said coming her way. \"Yes, I need you to come with me.\" Celeste said with emotion in her voice Rhea came to her the smile vanished \"Oh my god, Celeste what happened?\" She came over to her and started to wipe her eyes. Celeste moved away \"I don't cry!\" She said wiping her eye on her arm. Walking past her into the kitchen \"Of course ,you don't.\" Rhea said following her while rolling her eyes. Celeste stopped when she saw the fridge and Michael. \"Are you all right?\" He asked concerned going over to her She walked back and went to get the wine \"I'm fine!\" Thunder boomed and it started to rain harder. \"Why are you crying?\" Rhea asked reaching for the bottle Michael looked at her \"You're crying! Why?\" Celeste chugged the bottle \"Belinda is in the hospital.\" \"Oh my god, I'm so sorry.\" Rhea said hugging her \"I'm fine, I have been through enough times of people dying to know how to cope.\" She went back to drinking the wine. She didn't realize that she was crying. \"Look how about we go see her.\" Rhea said taking the bottle from her slowly. Celeste shook her head \"I am not seeing her die.\" She headed out and flew away. \"You go check on her, I know you two have gotten close. I will calm her down.\" Rhea nodded and went to go get Aaron.[Chapter 3] \"So what happened ?\" He asked sitting across from her \"Well, I stayed at her house and watched as the kids went off to school.I waited for her to come out, but all I heard was the ankle biter hollering.I went in and smelled vomit as I got closer to him, I soon found her.\" She got up from her spot and looked in the fridge, then to him \"Your out of beer.\" She said with a pout \"I wonder what happened to it, since I had a two pack of four.\" He said looking at her up and down She walked over to him \" You should really fix that whole, not safe.\" She walked into the living room letting herself fall on the couch. He watched her \"Come on let's go see her.\" He grabbed an arm and hoisted her up onto her feet. She shook her head and tried to push him off \"No, I want to go home,I want some food.\" She whined He shook his head pulling her to her feet \"Nope I am not going to let yourself eat your heartache.\" He put her in his car and they drove to the hospital. He let her lean on him as they walked into the hospital. He walked to the receptionist \"Hi I am looking for my wife Rhea she is with a patient she brought in.\" He said nudging to Celeste \"Oh yes, she is on the fifth floor room twelve.\" \"Thank you.\" He said smiling at her and forcing Celeste to come with hugged his son and asked him to stay with Celeste. Aaron nodded his head and looked to his hero who was lying on three chairs. He walked over to her,her eyes were poked her forehead and she snapped her eyes open, but blinked them back. She stood up, rubbing her eyes \"Hey kiddo, you wanna go get something to eat?\" She pleaded He shook his head, noticing that had been crying put his hands on her face \"I'm sorry Belinda is int he hospital, she is a nice person.\" \"You don't know the half it, she knows how to cook, she hugged me and she called me on my also was in the same position as you are now.\" She said looking to him, she took his hands off her face. She stood up shaking herself awake \"I'll be back.\" She said looking to the door and walking to the had her hand on the doorknob. He watched as she didn't turn it \"Do you want me to come with you?\" He asked She looked to him,putting a smirk on her face but shaking her head \"I can do this without someone holding my hand ...this time.\" She took a calming breath and went in. She went in to see Belinda pale and hooked up to looked cold, she realized that as she stepped closer the others in the room became quiet. They were waiting for her reaction, she kept her calm though. She looked to the doctor \"How is she?\" He walked over to her \"It is good that you got her here when you did , however the liquid she ingested is killing her.\" She walked over to him \"She wouldn't kill herself.\" She gritted out He sighed \"It's what we found along with her waffles and syrup.\" She looked at him \"Syrup?\" He nodded looking at his chart to confirm and showed her. She can't have syrup \"She's diabetic, the one her kids use is loaded with sugar.\" She thought back to her being in the bathroom \"That's why she as in the bathroom her medicine is in their, though it's usually in her purse.\" She said thinking out loud She began looking around \"Did I bring her purse?\" She asked panicked \"No.\" A nurse said Celeste ran out the room though ran back in to grab Rhea and she had them run out the hospital until they could fly to Belinda's house. She dropped her roughly on the porch \"Find the purse!\" She yelled panicked running into the house, Rhea ran in as well. Rhea searched for the purse while Celeste searched for the food, they only had one picked it up putting it in a baggie. \"I found it!\" Rhea yelled upstairs Celeste was shocked she always had it downstairs, near the ran up snatching the purse and dumping the searched through everything, she realized that her credit cards were gone and her on hand cash. She finally found the medicine, and checked it \" ?\" She shook her head \"No, she makes sure she has I even make trips so I can get her medicine for free.\" She said wiping her eyes. \"Let's go to the hospital and give them that.\" Rhea said looking at the bag of food. Celeste nodded, now crying she picked Rhea up and began flying through the cold arrived at the hospital drenched and let Rhea go but stayed outside letting herself fall on to the let herself cry and let the water fall harshly onto her. Michael had taken Arron to his grandmother's and was running into the weather was going crazy and he knew why, he stopped when he saw a wet figure at the entrance of the knew who it was so he stopped to look at her. \"Come on Serah, we should get inside.\" She looked at him, standing up \"Don't call me that! My name is Sydney now, not Serah or Celeste.\" She started to walk away He held her against the wall \"I'm not going to let you walk away,you are going to have to learn to process these emotions even if its crying your eyes out.\" He said harshly though he didn't want to. She rolled her eyes, pushing him off her \"Leave me alone.\" She pleaded He shook his head\"No, I am not going to let you push me, Rhea and Aaron will have to learn to be in that room, and stay by either her side or her child's.\" He yelled and lightning struck close to them. The people outside screamed and jumped at licked his lips \"Let's go inside.\" She nodded and went with him. Rhea was holding the little one, she noticed how his eyes went between the door and the hallway Celeste went wasn't surprised the boy liked her, and she liked kids would crowd around her, Celeste would use Aaron as a this kid she would smile, and play with. She had been given some scrubs, they had given the kid a toy from the gift shop and had gotten them food from the cafeteria free of didn't want to accept these at first without paying but they all insisted. She smiled when she saw her husband and Celeste, she got up putting the child on her hip. \"I gave them the food and they found out it was the same stuff in bleach.\" She repeated the information giving her the shorthand. Celeste thought about all that has happened and realized that he husband had looked she knew why, she was going to kill him painfully. Michael realized how she was starting to let her emotions control the looked outside lightning was striking at random places near the hospital. \"Celeste let me talk to you.\" He said pulling her to the door. \"Wait!\" The doctor yelled shocked They looked at him \"What?\" He asked concerned he looked to where the doctor was 's eyes were open. Celeste raced to her side \"Sis what's wrong? I am going to get him, I swear.\" Belinda pointed to Rhea,Celeste looked at her at Rhea \"What about Rhea?\" Belinda shook her head breathing with trouble \"Your son?\" Belinda nodded and formed her arms slowly in a rocking slowly shook her head \"I can't, I only watched him perfectly when I had your notes.\" Belinda soon started choking and the doctors surrounded her,Celeste shook her head starting to cry. Michael guided her out and telling her to breath over and over, until she got her breathing under control. \"I'll be right back, I promise.\" He ran back to the room. Celeste soon had a memory come was holding a man to her \"Don't go.\" She pleaded He turned hugging her \"I have to lead those two away, I'll be back I promise.\" He made out with her one last time before looking at her. \"I'll be back, I promise.\" He made sure the coast was clear outside and then left. Celeste blinked away the memory, mad she couldn't take it out on him just she would beat on the second one she was mad ran out the hospital flying to the police walked into the station going to a desk. \"I need you to find some one for me.\" She said with no sense attitude \"Okay, who?\" She gave all the information she could and waiting pacing back and snatched the paper with a thanks and ran out to went to his work and smiled when his boss showed her where he would be. The minute he saw her he ran, though she grabbed him and started punching felt them try to get her up but she threw them off with got annoyed by his fighting back so she broke his arms. She smiled as blood started be on her fists,she stopped when some cops had pleaded for him. \"The son of a bitch should be charged for murder.\" She spit on him and then stomped him in the groin so hard it made the females groan.[Chapter 4] I do not own She went back to the bar hoping to find Rick, around here. She sat in the back of the bar, not caring who saw or who videotaped her. Though the bartender shooed them out and having them show ID. She thanked him. He brought a bottle over along with two shot glasses, he sat down pouring himself a drink. \"You got kids, right?\" I asked He looked at me strangely \"Yeah, and you were around when I was little when my dad was around. What's your point?\" He asked staring at the drink, he poured for me. \"We already went over the you'll be around for me and my family forever talk.\" He said with humor \"Do you remember Belinda?\" I asked staring at the drink \"Yeah, it was when you were Serah, why?\" \"Her good for nothing husband, I knew he was no good and I let he marry him. He killed her!\" I yelled hitting the table He understood now \"So we are going to kill him.\" I shook my head \"No, trust me when I finally got off of him they had called an ambulance, though I made sure he will die on the ride their. Though I did smash his groin with my foot.\" He groaned, moving in his chair \"Like when I was little, I don't want to hear how you can do that to a man.\" He pleaded I chuckled, though I felt a feeling of eyes on me, I looked around,.No one cared about us. \"If Belinda has passed as a godmother and aunt, you should go and tell her kids.\" He said drinking my shot while getting up. \"Hey!\" I yelled He turned to me \"If you want to be a good parent, stay away from the alcohol. And to be sure if you ever come around here, without cash to pay for your own damn drink I will tell the cops about your bar tab.\" He went back to being behind the bar. I sighed but got up, and headed out the door. Though I bumped into a male, who wore good cologne. I looked up, it was Rick he smiled at me \"Need another drink?\" He asked suggestively \"Bar Tab!\" I heard I shook my head \"No, I'm fine, I just needed to see a friend.\" I walked out, he said to be careful it's raining like crazy. I nodded my head and headed out, I walked to the hospital though I did take a few stops. The first one was a bookstore. I went to the parenting section and glanced at them. I didn't know what to read, or buy. I walked out though not before taking some pictures with some people. I went in a some baby stores as well, I hated how I didn't know what age my knew \"son\" was. I walked out, careful not to slam the door closed. I was mad, how dare she give me a child, her child. I mean I live for fucking ever, how cruel can she be to give me a person. I don't know anything about school, I hate waking up early I don't know how to cook. She takes her kids to church, I don't even know where one is. I just started getting madder and madder at this inconvenience. I hated how strong the wind was getting and how harsh the rain was. I don't even care about being soaked to the bone, but Belinda would and tell her kids to come inside and take a warm bath with some soup for dinner. I stopped thinking about being mad and scared and confused when I stopped feeling rain fall on me. I looked up to see an umbrella, I looked to see who was holding it. I sighed mad \"Michael, you and Rhea should be preparing for your new addition to your family.\" \"I am, as well as a new mother.\" He said walking closer to me. I stepped back \"Stop saying that.\" \"The Truth.\" He said walking closer to me \"I am a recovering alcoholic, and a superhero who is or may not be a prostitute. That does not make a good parent.\" I said with fear in my voice \"Every parent makes mistakes whether it's in their teenage years or younger, or while raising children.\" \"I don't remember my teenage years.\" I gritted out, while falling to the ground. I was mad now my ass will truly be soaked. I didn't dare tell him that. \"I feel that you were a handful, now get up.\" He was about to get me up until his phone started to ring. He answered it, quickly. \"Hello?\" I watched as he listened to who ever was on the other line. When he hung up, he reached for me, I relaxed so I could be heavier. He didn't even notice, though he used a bit more force than was necessary. I rubbed my arm, as we walked fast. \"That hurt.\" I knew he had a smirk , it just felt like it \"What did?\" \"You being unnecessarily rough with me.\" He snorted \"You can take it.\" We walked to the hospital, and Rhea had the ankle biter on her lap. They were playing some game. I stopped Michael, he lost his balance, but once he caught it he looked at me. \"Yes?\" \"See, Rhea is and would be a better mother than me, I will just sign him over to you guys.\" He sighed , the look in his eyes was that he was disappointed in me. \"Celeste-\" \"Sydney.\" I said my new name, well I think I said that was my new name. I think it started with an S. He ignored me \"Celeste,how do you think that child will feel? He lost his mother, father barely around by the way Belinda talks and the one person he truly know like that\" He snapped his finger, it was so loud it got everyone's attention. \"Is you and you won't even hold that child. Another thing about being a parent you sacrifice. When I married Rhea, that took some adjusting to.\" I rolled my eyes, though sadly it landed on the ankle biter. He kept squirming towards me. I looked back at Michael \"explain.\" \"Well at times I would want to sleep in, though Aaron would want me to be up and play with him and take him out.\" \"OK, so I get you sacrifice sleep and expensive things, though normally people get nine months to prepare.\" \"We will help you, we aren't just going to abandon you.\" Rhea said while hugging me. I sighed, and looked at the ankle biter sucking his thumb \"Let's go eat..,\" I walked away, though I looked at my friends \"I don't know how to cook.\" I said sad at myself \"Ok, the next big thing, will be a cooking class.\" Rhea said as we walked out I shielded the boy, though I looked up \"Weird, it's not raining.\" Rhea and Michael looked up as well \"Weird weather.\" Michael said we went to his car and we headed to city hall.[Chapter 5] I do not own Michael POV I watched as my past wife and my current wife talked, they were getting along fine. We had to force Grace to hold the boy and interact. I watched shocked, through the years she loved children and knew what a child would need instantly. Though after that hit to the head, she really has changed. My Grace she never thought to wear makeup,if you commented on her beauty she would blush. When Rhea said she wanted to help her, I was scared what if she recognized me, but she was to drunk to see clearly. To find out a fraction of what she's lived through, I hate myself but I though that if I left that she would be safe. No she just spiraled down. My Grace would only touch alcohol during a festival, now she shakes without it being in her hands. To hear how she's opened her legs for anyone, how lonely she's felt to be with anyone. I hate myself and with Rhea wanting to help her, I don't get a break of my guilt. Aaron loves his little friend,we found out the Belinda had already said who would get her children. Though they weren't shocked at all, and they gave their numbers to us just in case their godmother freaked. We said our goodbyes and watched them board their plane. The little guy waved with us, I am not sure he understood the concept. We had Grace use the room that was closest to her, which was a clothes room. It took most of the day we had Grace cook. God I miss her cooking, it was a show when she was in the kitchen and where things were and she knew her way around it. This Grace,burned the noddles and overcooked the meat for spaghetti. We had to fight the phone from her, we had cereal that night for dinner. Though I hated the sad look that she had for the week we had her cook. She at least knows the utensils now,which is good since I am tired of cereal and waffles for dinner. Rhea and me were watching TV in Grace's living room. I hated how I could hear Grace freaking out over getting the baby to sleep. I feel like I should be in their with her, especially since she has always wanted us to have a child. I stiffened as I felt Rhea get closer to me, I looked to her she was asleep. I hated myself the last few times we made love, I could only do so thinking of Grace. Plus me and her haven't talked, I want to be closer to her I want to know what has been going on. Though I feel if we talked about the past she'll remember me, the good times and then me leaving her. I want to tell her how I left her for her safety, how the mob wanted to get to me for beating their thugs from raping a woman in front of her child. I didn't know that they had someone shoot her in the head none the less knowing that son of a bitch mob boss Gordon wanted her. God if he were still alive, I would beat him to death. \"How can you be mad at the happy ending?\" Grace asked opening a water bottle while staring at me \"What?\" I asked confused and then looked to the TV.I carefully got up,making sure not to stir Rhea. \"I wasn't even paying attention.\" I admitted walking closer to her She put a hand on my chest \"So are we going to talk about you making out with me?\" She purred \"Gra-Sydney I am sorry I kissed you, can we talk in a place that's a little more private?\" I asked looking to Rhea with my eyes. She nodded her head and we walked to her zen room, though we got rid of her plants. She was mad about that as well. We told her to calm down though she asked how with her weed gone. She sat on the rug,she sighed \"This place was great.\" I sat down across from her \"I am sorry I kissed you.\" No I'm not Grace \"I just don't get why, but then again I don't really have the time to ask that.\" She said with a smirk \"Sydney, can we talk somewhere far away?\" I asked ready to talk about our past She raised an eyebrow and then shrugged \"Why not?\" She got up looking at me We headed out the hotel and to a desert area, she looked at me waiting. \"Talk.\" She demanded \"You know how I look at you with disappointment, and you always wonder why.\" She nodded her head \"Yeah, though yours hurt more then others.\" She admitted \"It's because I know you.\" I said She looked at me strangely \"I would hope so,how long have we been with one another?\" She asked while sitting down I shook my head \"No, I knew you before you got put in the hospital. Like how your name is Grace, how your favorite color is the way the sky looks when the sun is setting. I know that you love Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer cartoon and song along with The Grinch \"Your a mean one\" song how you love sweets and how you wish your boobs weren't so big because you feel that's all people focus on. You hate it when people say they wish they were like you because you yourself feel imperfect, you only use make up when you want to hide.\" I say getting close to her telling her some of the secrets she has told me. She shook her head, wiping away the tears \"No, your lying stay away from me.\" She said getting up, though she struggled \"Grace.\" \"No! Stay away from me!\" She hollered and flew off I flew after her, I grabbed her and had us fly to the ground \"Let go of me!\" She screeched throwing her head back \"No, you only run because your scared.\" She turned to me \"I don't know how you flew, but I know your lying my favorite color is when it's a full moon, who doesn't love Rudolph it's sentimental along with the Grinch.I like Phil Collin's \"You'll be in my heart.\"I can't eat sweets I get migraines, and I love how big my tits are and I love make I have been out of practice.I don't know how you can fly but we will never be alone like this EVER!\" She yelled and a storm started again,though she flew off. \"Grace!\" I yelled following after her \"Leave me alone!\" She yelled and lightening almost hit me I thankfully dodged it, I grabbed her leg and brought her down.I had to wrestle her to the ground and had her look at me. \"The mob guy who lied to you his name was was in his late forties and had brown hair that was turning grey, he had children that were bratty as hell.\" She stopped struggling and the way her eyes ere she wasn't looking at a few minutes she blinked \"The kids names were Jessica, Anthony,Jenna and Mark.\" I nodded my head \"Yes.\" I let her up gently \"Do you remember now?\" \"Little in bits and pieces.\" She said scared and holding her head though she looked to me \"You left me though.\" She looked like Grace now with her tears. \"No, I came back and we went out to go see a movie and they attacked you.\" She crawled away from me \"How do I know you are telling me the truth?\" \"Grace you-\" \"Stop calling me Grace!\" She yelled and more lighting struck near us, she looked at the dirt where they hit. \"Sydney you- we have powers, and when your stressed it controls things like the weather.\" I explained while walking closer to her ","Summary":" I do not own Celeste yawned and stretched, she looked to the other side of her bed, he was gone. Sh"},{"Movie":"Kubo and the Two Strings","Title":"Kubo of the Two Strings: Fate Unwinding","Author":"arwenishtar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12764253","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1- A Quiet Evening by the Fire The mountainside was tainted a smoky, gray blue as opposed to its natural golden mahogany. Across from it, at the gate the was the entryway of the village, a young man looked up to admire it. Peering through his overgrown bangs, he swept them aside to reveal a worn black eye patch, as if this motion might help improve his vision. Meanwhile, his remaining tawny brown eye, slanted to reveal his Japanese heritage, missed nothing as it swept over the horizon. Despite his obvious visual deformity, he was surprisingly handsome. His face was comprised of strikingly angular features, much like stone or the origami he crafted. No longer a skinny child, his body had been formed from years of daily hiking into a muscular, lithe build. He was of medium height, the only unremarkable aspect of his appearance. His black ponytail and the layers that escaped from it further framed his face and lent him a wild, ethereal air. Like the rest of his family, Kubo had been blessed with unnatural beauty. That's what happened when one was descended from Moon deities. His gut itched a bit, pulling him ever closer to his hut. His home. Grandfather was awake. Pausing in the entryway to catch his breath, Kubo nearly doubled over at the sight before him: Grandfather was kneeling by the fireplace in eerie silence, his glazed eyes hypnotized by the amber flames. However, unlike his mother before, Grandfather's condition was one of stance and poise, not of a cursed amnesiac. \"Welcome home, grandson,\" he said softly. Although he understood his grandfather was not comatose during the day (or any time at all), Kubo was nearly alwaysperpetually struck by deja vu whenever he caught sight of him in that pose. He was almost always overwhelmed by it. He wished he could ask Grandfather not to- what? Stare into the flames? He'd only chuckle and shake his head in quiet confusion. Rattled, Kubo shook himself and his foolishness away. When would he grow accustomed to his new tenant? Never, a bitter internal voice hissed. Ignoring it, Kubo unstrung his pack and settled down beside his grandfather, eagerly absorbing the warmth from the hearth. Stealing a sideways glance, he watched as the flickers were mirrored in his grandpa's creamy eyes. Ever since he'd lost his memories- and his identity with them- Grandfather had been every bit the kindly elder everyone had assured him he was, thanks to the positive memories the villagers had helpfully implanted in him. For Kubo, his eyes were the single link to his aspect as the Moon King. Not that they bothered him so much anymore. Though initially he'd been unnerved by them, Kubo eventually grew to admire Grandfather's eyes and the light that shone inside them, which to him was brighter than any star or fire. Grandfather claimed he couldn't see very well anymore, which was probably true because cataracts were steadily growing over the one that wasn't blind. Yet sometimes Kubo caught him scanning his surroundings with the verocity and keenness of a hawk. Clearly his vision had not dulled completely. He was not scanning now. \"The mountainside was lovely this sunset, wasn't Kubo? Such a beautiful shade of blue,\" Grandfather murmured. Kubo nodded, to weary to answer verbally. \"I made us supper. Your favorite- chicken broth with rice and herbs.\" Dutifully and gracefully, Grandfather shuffled closer to the fire, which only now Kubo realized had a pot hanging above it. Eagerly, he helped his grandpa set up their dinner. They ate in silence. \"Shall we be regalled by one one of your marvelous tales tonight?\" Grandfather asked, his eyes twinkling eagerly. Shuffling food into his mouth, Kubo shook his head. \"Sorry, Grandfather, I can't tonight. I'm too weary- the villagers begged me to perform five stories instead of usual three.\" Guilt flared up briefly as Grandfather leaned back on his heels, disappointed. It was true- Kubo's storytelling required a lot of energy, sometimes more than he cared to provide. But it was their bread-and-butter. It must be done, and fortunately he loved it. However, what he had not told Grandfather was where else he'd been- the side of the mountain. He'd flown there, to be precise, courtesy of paper wings. He'd just wanted to see the mountain again, not from afar, but within reach of his fingertips. While his grandfather was aware of his magical abilities- if not of how he'd come by them,- he didn't want him to needlessly worry about his safety. He tended to whenever magic was not used for entertainment. Scaling a mountain would not qualify for entertainment. Though he'd rarely voiced his concerns, like his daughter, Grandfather did not allow Kubo to wander around at night. Kubo was likewise reluctant to be anywhere outside come nightfall. However, in addition to this concern, Grandfather rarely allowed Kubo to be out of his sight for very long, aside from his work in the village. To his annoyance, Grandfather insisted on accompanying him on his daily walks and hikes, which grew increasingly cumbersome, as the elder constantly complained about his aching joints. By the end of their walks, Kubo found himself supporting him on the return journey home. Indeed, Grandfather's advancing age was the main factor Kubo had abandoned his old cave two years ago- the trips to town had grown to be too much. He told himself he didn't resent Grandfather for forcing them to move, but sometimes during a particularly grueling hike, resentment flared up. Still, life was gentle, life was kind. The villagers had never forgotten how Kubo had saved them all those years ago; he was grateful to them for not only assisting his grandfather adapt to his new mortal life, but for building this cozy house for them. They'd helped him too, by teaching him lessons in forgiveness. Siko, the resident chicken lady, had helped him the most by lending a comforting ear when the nightmares threatened to do him in. Now, in Kubo's mind, Grandfather was no longer the cruel Moon King, murderer of his family. He'd almost become family. Too bad 'almost' is as wispy as the word implies. It's rarely good enough to last forever. Something brushed against Kubo's cheek. Kuuubooo, a voice whispered from above. Or was it from his dreams? Determined to return to sleep, Kubo shifted minutely. Kuubooo, the voice whispered, slightly more urgently. He cracked open his eye by a hair's breath, annoyed. Was Grandfather sleepwalking again? Funny, the voice had not sounded like him. Grumbling incoherently, Kubo reluctantly opened his eye fully, shifted onto his back... and stifled a gasp. Grandfather loomed above him mutely, eyes glowing like two moons. \"Gr-Grandfather?\" Kubo whispered, hesitant to move. Grandfather said nothing, only stared down. His expression was far from peaceful- he glowered down with all the intensity of an enraged god, which Kubo remembered belatedly was what he was. But what frightened him most of all were his eyes. He wanted to blame their light on a reflection, but it was pitch black outside, and the fire had burned down to embers. So why were they glowing? Before he could flee, their light went out, and Kubo saw his own startled, scared face reflected in them. Then Grandfather blinked and started, as if he himself was waking up. \"Kubo? What- are you all right?\" \"Grandfather? Are you- are you all right?\" \"Of course I am! Why wouldn't I be?\" He scratched his head, the picture of gentle senility. \"Though I must admit, I was having a strange dream...\" \"Hehe, yeah, me too,\" Kubo chuckled nervously. \"Goodnight Grandfather.\" Kneeling for a few more seconds, Grandfather sighed. \"Yes, we best get some sleep. Goodnight, Kubo.\" The old man fell asleep instantaneously, but Kubo remained fully awake for fifteen minutes. For despite what he'd told Grandfather, he knew he had not been dreaming. Still, exhaustion overpowered his apprehension, and he dozed off. \"And he just stood there, looming over you?\" Siko demanded, staring incredulously at Kubo. \"Yes. To be fair, I'm not sure what he was doing, or if any of it was real. I might have been dreaming.\" Kubo refused to meet her gaze as he absently shuffled the chicken feed around with his finger. The subject of their discussion was off to the side, cheerfully playing with the chickens; he didn't seem to accept they were not cuddly pets, and preferred to be left alone. \"Well, that's creepy,\" she muttered, glaring at Grandfather. Of all the people, Siko had been invested the most in Kubo's happiness, proudly proclaiming he was a better grandson than her own (who lived two towns away). He suspected she'd never wholly forgiven the Moon King for all the heart ache he'd caused, but he was grateful to her for never showing her displeasure with him. \"Was he having a night terror? People can look pretty creepy when they're having one of those; they scream and plead without making a sound.\" \"Maybe,\" he trailed off doubtfully. \"But he wasn't writhing around. He was just standing there, still as stone.\" \"Hmm. Well, I wouldn't worry about it too much unless it happens again. Let me tell you, us old people get queer in our advanced years! Meanwhile, help me gather this corn up, it's going to waste with him chasing them around across the courtyard.\" Kubo gratefully helped her out- anything to keep his mind off of the previous night. Besides, unlike Grandfather, he knew how to catch riled-up poultry. Later, as they headed home together, the old man paused for a moment and breathed a deep sigh of contentment. \"Tell me, Kubo, have you ever experienced a dusk as soothing as this?\" He grinned down at his grandson. In the light, his grandfather looked the same as he had since he'd become mortal- gentle, elegant, kind, serene. Nothing remained of the glowering statue from the night before. \"No, Grandfather, I haven't. It's really beautiful, isn't it?\" Pulling him in for a hug, the old man smiled. \"Indeed it is.\" Suddenly he stiffened. \"What's wrong?\" Kubo asked, looking around. Grandfather sniffed and wrinkled his nose, as if catching an unsavory stench. \"Nothing, my child. Nothing at all.\" Yet he steered Kubo with more urgency than before. Wouldn't you, if you heard the wind tell you, Soon you will return to me, and remember. Return to me...[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Light. A pinprick of blueish light illuminates the swirling, musky darkness. Decay and shades surround him as he looks around and reaches towards the light. Remember your place, Moon King. Remember... And return. Grandfather shocks himself awake, almost sitting upright and panting. Who was the Moon King? A glint of light catches his eye. Drawn towards it, he reaches into the corner and picks up the most radiant marble he's ever seen; it pulsates with a pearly blue glow of its own, in sync with his own heartbeat. Where could such a wondrous trinket have come from? Kubo stirs in his mat, and Grandfather, sensing the marble has something to do with his grandson's agitation, hastily shoves it deep inside his night robe. Quietly, he leans over and strokes back Kubo's stray bangs- he's usually so peaceful when he sleeps. The eyepatch saddens him somehow- Kubo refused to tell him how he'd lost his eye. At least he was still handsome without it, which was more than a small consolation. What was that outside the window? Best to lean out for a closer look... Kubo started awake, and the shadows darted from him in turn. He didn't notice- he wasn't fully awake yet- but what he did see was a figure near the window. \"Grandfather?\" He whispered. Nothing, not so much as a ripple of acknowledgement. Cautiously, Kubo rose from his mat to stand by his elder. \"Are you all right, Grandfather? What are you admiring?\" For Grandfather's facial expression was of one in rapture, of one who's undergone a life-changing revelation and is recovering from it. When Kubo joined him in his reverent gaze, all he glimpsed was a brief flash of blue light, then nothing but wallowing inkiness. \"Come to bed, Grandfather. Please,\" he gently tugged on a shirtsleeve. Sadly, he instantly regretted it, for when the man was disturbed, he turned to Kubo with the same intimidating glare as the night before. Still clutching his sleeve like the frightened young child he'd thought he'd outgrown, Kubo instinctively backed up a step. Stunned into silence, he backed away further- anything to put some distance between himself and the figure looming near the window. So caught up was he in his grandfather's newfound malevolence, he failed to notice a tiny blue orb shining from the elder's robe pocket. Then, as quickly as it began, the malevolence vanished, leaving behind a startled old man. \"Kubo? What are you doing over there?\" When the teen didn't answer, he asked in a more subdued tone, \"Is it nightmares again? You've been sleeping so well these past few months!\" Hesitantly, Kubo returned to him. \"If anyone was suffering a nightmare, it was you! I tried to shake you from it, but you glared at me with murder in your eyes.\" Grandfather looked as confused as he was. \"Did I? I don't remember a thing! Oh my, what strange happenings occur to us in our old age! Not easy to acclimate to, Kubo, I must warn you...\" Kubo squinted at him. \"So you remember nothing?\" \"Nothing! I don't understand...\" He shuffled around, as if to ward off any remnants of sleepwalking. \"Shall we return to bed, Grandfather? You need your rest.\" \"What? Oh, of course, grandson, you're right. Best to get some sleep!\" Sleep came surprisingly swiftly for Kubo- his exhausted body couldn't fight off the uneasiness that had kept him awake the previous night. On the other hand, Granfather lay awake a few seconds more, just long enough to check if his grandson was asleep before sneaking a guilty peak at his lovely new glowing trinket. For some reason, he feared Kubo might not approve of his new marble. Hello again! As always, reviews are more than welcome. :) Happy New Year![Chapter 3] Chapter 3 A mountain hides many secrets. The least of them can be the most dangerous. \"Come, grandfather, time for bed,\" Kubo groaned as gently tugged on his elder's sleeve. This time, Grandfather didn't seem inclined to tear his gaze away from the window, but he was no longer unnerved by the glares he received if he dared try to distract him. The maliciousness he'd read into it couldn't have meant anything- or so he assured the inner voice urging him to flee. Grandfather was suffering from night terrors. That was all. Outside, the blue lightning roared on. \"I believe we need more rice, wouldn't you agree, Kubo?\" Grandfather suggested as they toured the marketplace. \"Yes, Grandfather,\" Kubo sighed. Normally, Kubo loved the marketplace- it was the perfect place for him to entertain those with his magic. This morning, however, Grandfather seemed especially slow, and he'd refused to allow Kubo to go alone. \"Who knows how many bandits might roam these mountains?\" Never mind there hadn't been any rapscallions in their remote area for over a hundred years. Besides, even if there had been, Kubo felt confident he could've beaten them with his abilities, something his grandpa was remarkably reluctant to discuss. \"How about some dates? We've had a profitable week.\" \"Hmm, must it really be dates, Kubo? They're so sticky in my old teeth, not to mention six yen per pound! I feel we'd be better nourished by rice, our daily staple.\" \"Please, Grandfather? I made really good money this time, enough for at least a pound! I promise-\" \"I said no, Kubo!\" Grandfather snapped. Kubo's mouth clamped shut with astonishment and hurt, ceasing potential pleads. Noting the change in his countenance, Grandfather sighed. \"I'm sorry, grandson. I confess I've been fatigued lately... Didn't mean to take it out on you. If you want some dates, go ahead and buy some. I must rest for a moment...\" Kubo snatched up a pouch of the fruit, but his appetite and excitement for them had vanished. \"Is everything all right? Is your arthritis acting up again?\" \"I'm fine, Kubo, I assure you. Just a little tired...\" Kubo hesitated. \"I, well. You've been sleepwalking again.\" Grandfather looked up, surprised and mildly unsettled. \"Oh? For how long?\" \"These past two nights, I've woken to find you standing by the window, looking at something I cannot see. Tell me truthfully, Grandfather- have you been having nightmares?\" \"No, not to my knowledge. I'm fine, I promise you! Us old folk grow queer in our age.\" Despite his dismissals, Kubo didn't miss the sudden agitation in his grandpa's demeanor- the fidgeting, the tapping of his toes, the scratching at his cheek. \"Your storytelling is going well, I understand?\" Knowing that he would get no more answers, Kubo relented. \"It's going great! I'm thinking of adding on a couple more stories. Some of the ones you tell me every night?\" Grandfather raised his eyebrow. \"You're sure your audience won't be bored to tears from my children's fables?\" Kubo laughed. \"How could anyone tire of your tales, Grandfather?\" Indeed, some of the monsters he'd described had kept him awake for a month! Not stories for the faint of heart, but ones filled with wonder, love, and heroes worthy of remembering. As he watched his grandpa play with the children, Kubo smiled. This was the man he wanted to remember, the one he'd brought home those many years ago, the one he and the villagers had helped restore to life. Trying to shrug off the guilt of accepting he and the others had largely created the elder from implanted memories, he now believed the kindhearted grandparent was who the former deity had always been meant to be. Grandfather was not a terrible god anymore- the Moon King had vanished along with his memories. He wasn't real anymore. So why then was he haunting his nightmares? The wind ruffled Kubo's hair and threatened to undo Grandfather's elegant bun. Giggling like a child, Kubo ran circles around every tree along the path, rejoicing in the energy of nature around them; today felt like it would be one of the last glorious autumn days, the kind you can taste before winter's bitter chill. \"Grandfather, tell me again the story of the moon princess and the samurai?\" Another raised eyebrow. \"You haven't requested that one in years. Why now?\" \"Why not? It feels like the right moment.\" He dared never explain why this one- the legend of his own parents- meant more to him than the others combined. So far, it had caused no harm. \"Once upon a time, there were three beautiful princesses. They weren't ordinary princesses, but Daughters of the Moon King...\" Granfather cracked open one lazy eye, then bolted up. Has my vision gone cloudy again? My eye... But no, it wasn't his sight- pearly blue mist was enveloping the room, soft and subtle as a grapevine. Intrigued, though still a bit too groggy fro his own liking, Grandfather sat up. Admiring the swirling indoor haze, he soon lost himself as he realized it was- interactive. It moved with him, bent beneath his hands, swirled to his inner most tune. He enjoyed playing with the mist, which grew ever brighter as it solidified as much as vapor could. Truly a glorious sight! I must wake Kubo, he'd love this! Yet even as he thought this, the mist dragged him away, gently guiding him with prods and pokes. He soon forgot the Kubo, lost in his play and admiration of the mist. As quickly as it began, the mist stopped, freezing around Grandfather. Responding to an unseen crescendo, the mist suddenly undulated to its true size, expanding into the whole room before choking its way down Grandfather's throat. The eye had been reunited at long last. Something startled Kubo awake, but he wasn't sure what. Listen, an inner voice cautioned him. Silence. It was the silence that unnerved him the most, though he couldn't explain why. Still in his cot, he froze, listening. Anything, anything would be welcome! His hopes were greeting by silence. I must have been dreaming, he sighed, turning over. Nothing disturbed the night. He was almost asleep when he hear it- the rustle of something striving not to get detected. Cracking a cautious eye open, Kubo remained still, feigning sleep. Grandfather! He waited, praying he could outlast whatever else was in the hut with them. After a moment, he got the unsettling feeling of eyes penetrating his backside. Rolling over, Kubo stifled a gasp: Grandfather loomed over him, glaring at him with two good eyes. Something in the elder's glare left no doubt. The Moon King had returned.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 \"G-grandfather?\" Even as he stuttered the words, Kubo realized it was futile- Grandfather continued bearing down upon him with his hellish gaze, his eyes flickering in the moonlight. His fatigue fell away as he hurriedly shuffled backwards. All resemblance to the kindly elder had vanished as the man calmly walked towards him, pressing him against the wall. \"You have something belonging to me,\" the Moon King hissed. \"N-no, I don't know what you're talking about. Grandfather, please -\" \"Your grandfather is no longer here, Kubo. You'll have to deal with me now!\" Kubo barely had time to duck as the Moon King motioned with his hand, sending a blue bolt of lightning his way. Tuck-and-rolling, he grabbed his shamisen from beside his cot and knelt as if to play it. \"Grandfather, stop this! It's me, Kubo! Don't you remember?\" \"Oh I remember, grandson . I remember everything! Including how you cost me my eye!\" Another bolt whizzed past Kubo's head, grazing his right cheek. \"No hard feelings, however- as you can see, I regained it.\" \"No, this isn't you! Not anymore-\" He didn't finish before getting the breath knocked out of him by a bolt, which threw him halfway across the room. He barely maintained his grip on the shamisen. \"On the contrary, I have never felt more myself!\" Flexing his fingers experimentally, he looked back at the young man trembling in a corner. \"My powers are returning, flooding back to me with each new memory! And to think I've been spending these years as a doddering old fool. NO MORE!\" Possessed by new vigor spurred on by rage, the Moon King sent bolt after bolt of lighting at the teen, who nimbly avoided each spell. As the attacks intensified, Kubo found himself cradling his shamisen in hesitation- so far, he had refrained from using it, but his reflexes were growing slower, worn down by the deity's onslaught. Was it worth to continue trying to reason with him? Once he fought back, all civilities would be over. Was this a waking nightmare? nother shock jarred him out of that delusion. No- the only thing left to do was defend himself. Grimacing, he sent a shockwave with a single strum. The Moon King dug his nails into the floor, clawing for dear life, only to rise with a chastising grin. \"Is that the best you can do? How old school! Come now, show me something new!\" With a series of flurries and chords, Kubo fought in earnest, countering his grandfather's moves with his music. Yet even as exhaustion threatened to overwhelm him, the Moon King looked as refreshed. Indeed, with each new spell, he grew more exuberant, a glow lending him a regal air. Even as the god bore down upon him, Kubo clung to hope. \"I know you're in there somewhere- fight this! Whatever has possessed you cannot defeat your spirit!\" \"Possessed me?\" He chuckled. \"Ah, you still hope I'm truly your sweet grandpa. How quaint! Is this why you're holding back?\" By now, there were so many flashes bangs, Kubo wondered how none of the villagers had noticed. He was partly glad- none of them would get hurt. Another fear pooped up- what would the Moon King do to the others? Had he forgotten them in his wrath? He very much doubted they'd be safe if he failed to protect them. Ignoring the sweat gleaning on his forehead, he plunged back into the fight. For minutes or hours, he knew not, Kubo battled the Moon King until they were face to face; the deity seemed to struggle slightly as he held the shamisen at bay. Then Kubo caught his gaze fully. And behind that silvery-blue gaze, lurked such darkness. Death and decay. Held in check, but there nonetheless. Not even the Moon King had been so terrible. There was black behind the blue. Paralyzed by the evil before him, Kubo froze for a blink of a second. And that second was enough. \"I grow weary of these games,\" the Moon King thundered. With a final hand gesture, he sent Kubo crashing into a wall, pinning him there. The shamisen fell harmlessly to the side with a clatter. Kubo thrashed around, but the invisible bonds held firm as cement. \"Pity, I could have taught you so much...\" He murmured as he approached. \"Enough!\" The bonds tightened, pushing the air from his lungs and hardening his limbs until he could barley move. \"There, much better. Now hold still.\" Kubo refused to look away, even as his nemesis drew uncomfortably close. Shuddering at the caress on his cheek, he did not even blink. What would it be like to lose his remaining eye? Undoubtedly he wouldn't survive long to find out. Yet as he looked up at the god, his resolve faltered, and he cringed as the Moon King raised his hand to strike. The blow never came, even as he blacked out. Unbeknownst to him, the Moon King stopped as if struck dead, his hand poised in the air. His eyes flickered from pearl blue to silver to pearl blue again, and his ruthless expression faltered. Lowering his arm, he stared down at the unconscious Kubo, still captive by his spell. Jerkily, he released the spell, letting the teenager slump to the floor with a thud. Then he left, gliding out with a swoosh of his robes. Kubo cracked open his eye, and the first thing he saw was destruction. Destruction caused by his fight with Grandfather. No, the Moon King. That was not his grandfather last night, it had been his enemy. An enemy he'd long hoped destroyed and forgotten. Groaning, he rubbed his temples, hampered by a roaring migraine; why did his head hurt so much? More importantly, how was he alive? As he regained his senses, he sat up, recalling the night's events. How he'd pleaded with the deity, one he'd begun to think of as family. How that very man had pinned him against a wall, ready to take his other eye. So why hadn't he? He cringed as he remembered how he'd begged, tried to conjole the Moon King back to sanity. The fool he had been! Who knew how long the Moon King had biding his time, lurking beneath a pleasant exterior? Who would have known it would end like this? I should have, he thought bitterly. Too distraught to consider fixing the mess surrounding him, he took his instrument and left. The Moon King was still out there, and needed to be dealt with. There was only one place he could find family and hope now. His parents' lantern rested on a stump, just as he'd left it. He'd never believed he would return here; he'd thought he wouldn't have to visit them beyond a prayer during a sacred holiday. Initially, visiting the lantern had brought comfort, but after a while, he'd moved on with his life with Grandfather. Or so he'd told himself. Truthfully, he'd felt guilty about visiting them when he was living with their murderer; the two aspects of his family could not coexist. So his visits stopped. Kneeling before his parents' gravestone, Kubo bowed his head in meditation, The forest quieted, holding its breath in anticipation. A gentle breeze announced a presence, and he lifted his head. His mother's beaming, transparent form floated above him. \"Kubo... So you've returned at last! You could have visited earlier, you know,\" she teased. Looking sadly at the tear trails on his cheeks, she sighed. \"I know what's happened. I am so sorry, Kubo! I wish I could have protected you...\" Gently touching the scratch on his cheek, she knelt to his eye level, frowning wistfully. \"What happened to Gra-the Moon King, Mother? How did he regain his memories?\" \"You can call him grandfather, for that is what he is, god or mortal. As for how he regained his powers, I wish I knew. I can only tell you... I don't know if I should.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because if I do, you'll go off on another heroic quest. And that is the last thing I want for you.\" Shaking her head, she added, \"But you'll no doubt do that anyway, won't you? Regardless what I advise?\" Kubo shrugged. \"Maybe... I'll definitely keep asking until you tell me!\" She bit her lip. \"True. Still, I wish... Well, I suppose you should be forewarned. Regardless what I want for you, I fear this new threat concerns you greatly.\" Leaning back on her feet, she stared off into the distance as she began. \"These past few weeks, something has been stirring. A terrible power, a darkness I've never sensed before. It has affected all those with magic in their blood, including your grandfather.\" \"What is it?\" \"Only one thing could activate our magic like this. I haven't felt one for thousands of years...\" \"What?\" \"A vortex.\" At her son's look of incredulity, she elaborated, \"Yes, a portal between the spirit realm and the human one. Who or what is behind it, I cannot say.\" \"So this portal, it stirred his memories and magic?\" \"What else could have? This force... I've never felt something so raw. It's woken up the whole forest! Haven't you noticed?\" Kubo closed his eyes and listened. She was right- even in the stillness, there was a restless energy he'd never felt before. It was like a hundred hornets droning towards him at top speed! \"It's stirred up our magic, too.\" \"Really? I don't feel any different.\" \"You don't? Haven't you felt restless, uneasy, listless?\" Kubo shifted uncomfortably- he had felt like that, come to think of it. He'd just shrugged it off as anxiety about his grandfather's. \"Those are your abilities waking up fully, Kubo. They're zipping around inside you like butterflies trapped in a net! Something woke up inside you, and it's not going back to sleep any time soon.\" \"I thought I'd already mastered my powers, Mother. I thought they'd already woken up!\" \"My dearest child, you're descended from moon deities! Your powers hardly have any limits!\" Tilting his chin upwards, she smiled wistfully. \"I wish I were alive to teach you, but I'm afraid you're going to have to learn on you own.\" \"What does any of this have to do with Grandfather? I thought he became mortal.\" She sighed. \"Mortal or not, he is the Moon King. You might have subdued him with false memories, but deep down his identity lay buried. Speaking of false memories, I've been meaning to warn you- you should never have kept him so close.\" Startled by the sudden venom in her voice, Kubo asked, \"Why not? What else was I to do given the circumstances?\" \"Kill him.\" Kubo jumped up, horrified. \"No! You know I couldn't have done that!\" \"Normally I would agree with you, but you saw what he became last night. However much you might want to deny it, he is evil, and now that he's returned, he will resume his quest for your eye. And your life.\" Sitting back down, Kubo looked away from her. \"I saw another path, and I took it. You and Father would have done the same, wouldn't you?\" \"Perhaps, once upon a time. When I was young and naive.\" She tousled his hair, subtle as a breeze. \"Even after all this time, you're remarkably pure of heart. I would keep you this way, but I fear there is no other choice but to destroy the Moon King.\" \"You're talking about your own father, and my grandparent! If I kill him, I will become as bad as he is!\" \"If you don't, you might doom us all! If I could, I would do it myself for all the pain he's caused us. Don't you remember what he did?\" He did remember. His anger, his grief, his determination to avenge his parents' deaths. Yet now, all he felt was sadness. \"If he's still as evil as you claim, why didn't he kill me when he had the chance?\" \"I don't know! For all we know, he might still need you alive!\" \"Or... You say someone's opened a portal, causing a surge in magic. Right? Could whatever opened it be powerful enough to control Grandfather?\" \"I know where you're going with this, but such hope can be dangerous, Kubo. It's possible he's possessed, but it's equally possible he's returned to his old ways. Even if he is being controlled, all the more reason to fear him!\" \"I would fear whoever's controlling him more.\" \"Point taken. I admire your spirit, Kubo, but don't blind yourself to the obvious. Maybe whatever woke him up called him at the last moment, stopping him from hurting you. Maybe he still needs you alive!\" \"Maybe...\" \"Kubo, listen to me- the man you think you love, the one you believe spared you, that person isn't real. The grandfather you admire was created from implanted memories by you and the villagers! It was a compassionate decision, but unwise.\" \"It was the right choice!\" \"Perhaps. Now you must make the right decision again.\" \"If I can still save him, I will!\" \"What if there is no one to save? What if you're risking everything for someone who exists only in your mind?\" \"He doesn't. Grandfather's still alive, and I have to believe he is worth saving!\" Wilting, his mother asked, \"Why? How can you be so confident? I've known him since I was born; he was cruel, with hardly a good bone in his body.\" Kubo stood, picking up his instrument. \"Because my heart tells me so.\" Smiling sadly, she said, \"I always did tell you to follow your heart. If you insist on trying to rescue him, I can't stop you. But please be careful, Kubo. Promise me if it comes between him and you, you will chose to save yourself.\" \"I promise,\" he grumbled reluctantly. \"Very well. In addition to the Moon King, there's a threat to face. I don't know what it is, but I can give you this last piece of advice: look beyond the surface.\" Laughing, Kubo replied, \"That's kind of obvious, Mother.\" \"It sounds common sense, but you'd be surprised what a pretty face can conceal. This new power is ripe with deception, and whoever opened the portal will not be defeated easily. He or she will throw everything they've got at you, and you'll be traveling through the most dangerous territory to reach the vortex.\" \"You haven't told me where to look.\" Biting her lip, she said, \"I sense the portal- and whoever's behind this- lie beyond the mountain. There you will find the answers. Be warned- you won't like what you find. The greatest peril is the Aokigahara Forest.\" \"The Suicide Forest? Isn't that where...\" \"Yes, Kubo, it's where the souls of the lost and the damned reside.\" \"Uh, okay. Could be worse. I'll be careful, Mother. I swear!\" \"I know. I just wish I could keep you safe forever! If you ever need me, remember where to look.\" \"In my heart?\" \"Yep.\" Before he left, she called out, \"Kubo! Wherever you go, however far you wander, never forget you have your father's love and mine!\" \"I won't,\" he whispered as he waved back at her. Gradually, her form faded away back to the spirit world. Ignoring the urge to run back to the lantern, Kubo began his journey.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 He could not deny the drag of his heart as he surveyed his surroundings. His hut- their beautiful, warm, cozy home- had been wrecked from the inside. All the work of the Moon King, with some contributions from himself. He shuddered- regardless what he'd told his mother, he knew she was right. Deep down, in his soul, Grandfather was and always would be the dreaded Moon King, a wrathful deity with an insatiable thirst for vengeance and power. How could he hope to save one who refused- who did not wish- to be rescued? Shaking his misery from his mind, Kubo kicked aside a cup with his shoe, which clinked pitifully across the debris-strewn floor. Time could not delay his mission. Crossing to the opposite wall, Kubo knelt and pried up several loose boards. Carefully, almost reverently, he lifted out an old tarnished armor, glints of gold winking from beneath dusty layers. Even in his naivety, Kubo had felt he needed to hide this, fearing that seeing it would awaken Grandfather's less benevolent tendencies. No need to fear that anymore. Removing all three pieces, he sighed as he beheld them for the first time in years. His father's armor retained a heroic air, despite its dusty coating. The Sword Unbreakable glistened like ice, reminding him all too much of the Moon King's frigid countenance. By contrast, the helmet rested atop the armored torso like a mini sun, hinting at its late owner's nobility, the gold winking at him much the same way he remembered Beetle doing. Smiling sadly to himself, Kubo set about polishing his gear as he reflecting ironically how he was to resume the same task he'd failed to complete last time. If only he'd finished him off then... \"Looks like it's just us now,\" Kubo murmured. His armor twinkled back. Long before it became known as the Suicide Forest, the Aokigahara Forest had earned a terrifying reputation. Yet there he was, gazing upwards at the dusky-green pines looming above himself. Unlike most, I know the legends are not mere superstitions, Kubo reassured himself, So I should be better prepared than others. Steeling himself, he shrugged his shamisen onto his back and headed into the forest. As he passed the first shrubs, Kubo recalled his mother's warning and groaned inwardly at his own stupidity; nobody had ventured into these woods and reemerged. What made him so special? The fact that he was descended from a goddess and a hero bore little significance here- indeed, it might prove to be a hassle more than a blessing. Spirits are drawn to power like mosquitoes to blood, and who knew what he'd face in this place? Nothing to do about it now, he thought. As he wandered deeper, the voices began. Initially, they were barely noticeable- a whisper here, a hiss from behind a tree. Maintaining a composed, measured pace, Kubo continued onward, looking around himself whilst unconsciously keeping a hand on the hilt of his sword; each time he fingered the steel edge, the voices ceased. At least he wasn't completely helpless. Despite his mounting unease, he had yet to be assailed. Normally he'd have relaxed realizing this, but the gloomy atmosphere prevented him from unclenching his muscles; all he could think of was what might be lurking around the corner. In spit of its pressing sadness, the Aokigahara Forest possessed its own kind of beauty. Leaning against a tree and gazing upwards, Kubo couldn't help but marvel at the canopy above, blueish-green with threads of sky; it reminded him of a gemstone he'd once admired at the marketplace. The fog wrapping around the trunks only added to the overall haunting quality of the landscape, while the coal-brown trunks of the monstrous forest giants proudly surrounded him, soldiers eternally on watch. Admiring the nature around him, Kubo could almost forget the direness of his situation. Almost. For one thing, the silence was overpowering- not even a cricket chirped. For another, not an animal in sight. No squirrels, chipmunks, not even an ant roamed the forest floor. Most unsettling. Kubo had never felt so alone. Hours turned into forever as he dredged on, shoulders slumped beneath his pack and instrument. When was the last time he'd seen the sun? It felt like years, though he knew it could not have even been a day yet. The deeper he ventured, the more twilight reigned. Normally he loved twilight, but here it felt unworldly- could he have accidentally crossed over into the spirit realm somehow? Anything felt possible now. Darkness reigned internally, too. With each step, another fear or grief emerged in his brain. Every sadness, every regret popped into his head, draining him of his strength. His parents, his grandfather, his very essence- all seemed regrettable. He could have, he should have saved his parents, the Moon King had returned because of him. What had he done? What good was his magic now? He didn't deserve his gifts, he didn't deserve his parent's love and trust, he'd failed his grandfather... He couldn't continue much longer... A woman's cry sent him on edge, a sharp wailing piercing the mournful quiet. \"Who's there?!\" Kubo called, his voice ringing unnaturally in his ears. The scream hadn't sounded far away at all. Sheathing his weapon, he scolded himself on his jumpiness- lulled in by the forest's gloom, he'd allowed himself to withdraw into his mind again, oblivious to his surroundings. Foolish! He could have become someone's lunch eons ago! Reluctantly he continued his journey, noting how the landscape had faded into grays instead of lusher greens and blues. Just when things couldn't have grown more despairing, Kubo heard sobs- not just any cries. This was the sobbing of one who had lost everything, of someone who had endured so much grief there was no more happiness to find. They had lost their internal light. The miserable wails echoed in Kubo's very soul, nearly rocking him from his feet. He had never heard such misery. Cautiously following the sound, he soon came upon a young woman's weeping form, curled up forlornly beneath an evergreen. \"H-hello?\" He asked, approaching her with his sword still drawn. His weapon was forgotten the instant she looked up at him, tears crystalizing on her cheeks. \"I am lost,\" she murmured, gazing up at him with eyes as black as the glittering darkness around stars. \"Will you help me find my way?\" Not even thinking twice, Kubo nodded. \"Where do you live? Do you have family nearby?\" \"My cabin should not be too far from here. It is just, these trees... These trees are so intimidating! I thought I saw a shadow and ran towards it, and I got lost. Please help me,\" she begged. His earlier wariness forgotten, he held out his hand and accepting it, the lady rose gracefully, her white robe swooshing floating off her. Not even conscious that she was in fact leading him with a gentle tugging on his arm, they plunged further into the woods. \"Sooooo, what's your name?\" This was the fourth time he'd asked her, but she merely chuckled and smiled at him; each time he did, he couldn't resist smiling back. \"Not much of a talker, are you?\" She shook her head in response. \"Erm, my name's Kubo.\" \"What a nice name,\" she replied. \"I might have heard of you.\" \"You have, really? Gee, I didn't realize-\" \"We are almost there. My home is behind those trees,\" she pointed for emphasis. Now that she mentioned it, he could see a soft orange glow peeking through some leaves- probably a lantern. Gently disengaging from her grip, Kubo bowed to her. \"Well, I guess I should be going...\" \"Would you like to come inside? Only for a moment, I have been so lonely!\" Something nagged at the back of his mind. Awkwardly scratching his neck, Kubo backed away a step. \"I truly should be going, I have a quest that can't wait. You know, 'fate of the world' kind of stuff.\" The girl lowered her gaze to the ground, the pinnacle of rejected. \"But I have waited so long for someone to visit me... Please, won't you stay? Only for some soup! A meal would be the least I can do to repay your kindness.\" Kubo faltered. \"I really must-\" \"Please!\" \"Fine, but just for soup, then I must leave.\" Beaming with a crooked grin, the women took his hand and led him to the door. Although his conscience urged him to beware, Kubo shook it off- surely this girl meant him no harm? There had been enough time for her to harm him earlier, and she seemed so sad by herself. Besides, he could probably use the company, too. Dinner couldn't hurt. Yet something nagged at him... His conscience roared up to full volume the instant the door clicked shut behind him. The hairs on the back of his neck stood at full solute as he turned, suddenly realizing his companion had vanished. \"Hello? Ma'am, are you-\" A snarl to his right answered his question. Before he could draw either sword or instrument, the woman knocked him to the floor, her ivory teeth elongated into an eerie, animalistic smirk. \"Finally, after all these years, a human! Foolish enough to wander into my territory!\" She cackled. As she pinned him down, her features transformed: her once lovely face elongated into a sneaky snout, while her delicate fingers morphed into knuckled claws. Coppery fur covered her skin as she assumed her common form. What the- Kubo struggled, but the entity was heavier than she looked. Grinning down triumphantly, the kumiho leaned back on her haunches. Though her figure was still gracefully feminine, her human mask was gone- Kubo shuddered as he noted the fangs poking over her lips. \"Hmm, fascinating,\" she sniffed his collar bone before peering into his face more closely. \"You're not fully mortal, are you? No wonder I found you so easily... Pity, I'd love to savor your flavor, but it is too risky.\" Licking her lips, she watched as Kubo writhed beneath her grip. \"I will enjoy this...\" He winced as he felt her claws borrow into his chest as she leaned towards his throat. A burst of light errupted in the room. Enjoy and wonder what befell our hero...[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 The long hike up the mountainside did not deter the Moon King from his mission- nothing could deter him, for he was a god once more. Long hikes are not a hindrance to immortals. A swarming mass of shadows would have haunted others, including deities, for they knew of the evil presence within. The entrance of the cave towering over him was slightly troublesome- he could feel a vortex within, something he hadn't experience in a thousand years. Yet Grandfather merely shrugged his shoulders and prepared himself, for he also knew whatever was inside would not appreciate him making it wait. Besides, common courtesy dictated he should thank it for returning his eye and powers to him. Straightening his spine more than one would have believed possible, he narrowed his eyes and entered the cave. His sharp eyes widened as he absorbed his surroundings. The grand size of the cave matched its vast entrance, though besides the size, the cave could not be described as majestic. Ancient, careworn, hidden, secret, ugly, primeval, yes, to the point past unsettling. If one was into roughly hewn rocks and simplistic architecture, one might have described the cave as beautiful in its primitiveness; the Moon King was not such an individual. Being accustomed to structuring his pearly palace in the height of beauty and decadence, he was unsettled by the cave's harshness. However, beyond appearances, the cave was a place that could have existed before humanity, predating existence itself. What sort of being could be comfortable there? Me. And I assure you, this prison is far from comfortable. The voice echoed from an opening in the ground before him, a yawning mockery of a well. The Moon King shuddered- much as he longed for the power he sensed, he dreaded approaching the pit, but approach he must. Already, the entity beckoned him to come closer. Has the Moon King grown so soft he dares not approach the likes of me? Perhaps others would call you wise not to... \"I dread being in no one's presence! Others fear to face ME!\" The elder shouted unthinkingly. He was pleased he detected no trembling in his own tone. Then come. The deity walked forward, taking care to maintain his classical air of elegance. He looked into the black hole. Do you truly take such pride in your falsehood? I can sense your essence quivering before me. If a disembodied voice could smirk, this one did. Yet here you are, standing at the entrance of Hell. A single command would be all it would take for you to jump... But no, I have use for you. Or a mission, if your pride prefers to consider it that. \"I am nobody's pawn,\" the Moon King snarled. \"I have been tricked before- never again.\" I dispensed with trickery many moons ago. Rest assured, I will use you openly, and you WILL obey me, for I can grant you everything you desire. \"And if I refuse? I am not a servant.\" Before he could conjure a spell, he cried out as he found his muscles prepare to dive into eternity- in the very back of his mind, he could feel a tangled web of darkness, one he could not prod or break apart. Impressive as your powers are, don't bother trying to resist me- I was in your mind well before you came to my prison. And I shall remain there unless you are destroyed, which I can easily accomplish. The Moon King gasped as he felt his muscles relax back under his control. You asked a fair question, and I respond plainly: I will kill you if you disobey me. Do you understand? Any more resistance will result in more painful demonstrations. \"How do I know you're not controlling me into submission now?\" He felt the darkness in his mind expand. You will know, believe me. I have no need or desire for secrecy anymore. The darkness retreated. Did he detect wistfulness in the voice? I grant you free will in exchange for your services. Before you turn me down or accept my offer, know that I have never before given anyone a choice before. Know also that if you decline, I will have little choice but to destroy you. \"Why not slay me now? Why are you toying with me!\" Desperation was not an emotion he relished. You would prove useful to me if you agree to serve, and I despise unnecessary waste. I have rarely encountered a god of your caliber. It took me four thousand years to open this portal; if you decline my offer, it will take me another thousand to open it again. \"What will you grant me in return?\" Somehow, he suspected what the 'gift' would be. Your grandson's remaining eye. \"Why?\" I have little need for it, and it would make a nice trophy for you. \"It is not merely his eye I want, I want his power ! I want him to bend to my will!\" Ah, but that is not all, is it? You covet his abilities, certainly, but now you want more. You want him to suffer, to despair, to scream inside much like you did for all those years. All that time, wasted... You long for him to suffer as you did. I can grant you this much. The Moon King frowned in contemplation. He hadn't even realized this, for he took great pains to bury any anger within, since it generally muffled one's blundering attempts to achieve victory. Rage was an obstacle. Still... the thing in the pit was correct, he was furious. Those years spent groveling around mortals ! All because of... \"Kubo,\" he growled.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 The kumiho snarled as she leaped away from her prey, hissing at the new threat. Momentarily stunned, Kubo gaped open mouthed as the intruder stood in the center of the room. At first glance, the girl's robes were as white as the creature's, but closer inspection revealed their subtle golden tint. Her black her coiled into an elegant bun, she turned towards the kumiho, standing between her and the boy. \"You've haunted this forest long enough,\" she murmured. The kumiho merely snarled in response. \"I can feel the power emanating from you- it burns! Why don't you leave a poor old creature to her meal, hmm? I haven't had a good heart in a hundred ages!\" She reached out towards him, claws extended. The girl shook her head. \"I'm afraid he's off limits.\" \"Since when?!\" \"Since he's under my protection.\" Seemingly forgotten by both females, Kubo crawled backwards on his back, careful not to make a sound. He reached for his sword. The kumiho growled. \"I have met your kind before, girl. I do not want to fight.\" \"How convenient, neither do I! So why don't we let bygones be bygones and go our separate ways? I can still let you off with a warning, since you haven't harmed him.\" \"An excellent idea! Just leave so I can devour him.\" The stranger took a step forward, shifting herself once again between hunter and victim. \"I'm afraid I can't let you do that. That would fall under the category of harm . He's under my protection, remember?\" The kumiho sneered. \"As if you really could . Very well, if you insist on being difficult... How about a trade? His life for one of my trinkets? Hmm?\" Kubo's eyes widened in horror, but he need not have worried, for his defender shook her head firmly. As Kubo reached for his instrument, she suddenly hissed at him, \"Don't. Move.\" After glaring pointedly at him from the corner of her eye, she turned back to her opponent. \"Not even your trinkets are worth his life, Onume, or any life.\" Glaring at her, Onume raised up her paws in a mockery of surrender. \"As you wish. How about you give me something to spare him? A life for a... Certain pin, perhaps?\" The girl instinctively ran a finger through her hair, her fingers lingering on a delicate ivory pin. \"Off limits. You know this.\" \"You try my patience!\" \"And you are wasting our time! Now, if you'll be so kind, Kubo and I must be on our way. Sorry to have intruded on your hospitality!\" Yanking a spluttering Kubo to his feet, she began to gently steer him towards the exit. \"Wait for it,\" she whispered in his ear. A screech was all the warning they received as the kumiho pounced, her claws raking towards Kubo's face. He instinctively flinched and turned away, feeling the air swoosh near his ear as the girl knocked him out of danger. Before he could utter a peep, she'd unsheathed a spear from her pack, once again keeping him behind her. \" That was a mistake.\" The monster didn't bother answering, electing to leap towards the humans instead. Spitting and snapping, she and the girl tumbled around, exchanging kicks, scratches, and hits in equal measure. The battle only stopped when the kumiho withdrew with a vicious scream, clutching her now scarlet shoulder. \"You- you stabbed me, wicked child!\" \"I can do much worse to you if you don't leave us. Now.\" Screaming again, the creature backpedaled reluctantly, eyeing the whimpering teen in the corner. \"He's mine. He came to me willingly!\" \"I highly doubt that,\" the girl snorted. \"What was it, a pretty lady lost in the big bad forest? You really need to try some variation, Onume.\" \"And you need to learn to mind your own business! One of these days that pretty little nose of yours will be bitten off!\" She snapped her jaws an inch from the warrior, who didn't flinch. \"Not today. Now leave, before I grow weary.\" Onume looked about to leave before turning around with a smirk. \"No, I think you shall leave, for this is my domain. I own it, fair and square.\" The girl sighed. Did she just roll her eyes? Kubo thought in shock. \"Fair enough. Come, Kubo, she's going to grant us five seconds.\" \"Wait, wh-?\" \"GO!\" She dragged him out as the kumiho cackled wickedly behind them, rushing towards them with a foxy smile. Both mortals barely made it out the door as the girl slammed it shut behind them before dragging her load behind her at a run. Only when they were a mile away from the hut did they come to a panting rest. \"Th-thank you, for...saving my life,\" Kubo breathed, bent over. His savior squinted at him sideways, appraising him moodily. \"That,\" she finally said, \"was remarkably, incredibly stupid .\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 \" Excuse me?\" Kubo stuttered. \"That was incredibly, mind-numbingly stupid!\" She elaborated, slashing through some wild grass with her staff, which Kubo belatedly realized ended in a dagger. \"What were you thinking , approaching a stranger in these woods, of all places? I know you were being chivalrous, and she probably showed herself to you as lovely damsel in distress, but common sense dictates...\" \"Dictates what, exactly? It's not like these quests come with an instruction manual or anything!\" Already unnerved by nearly having his heart eaten, Kubo was a bit put out at being lectured. \" Never approach a stranger here! Never approach anyone or let them come to you! For Heaven's sake, amateurs !\" She muttered. \"Well kill me for being considerate! She looked like she needed help,\" he trailed off. \"And how well did that turn out for you?\" The girl swiveled back to him, smirking. She'd won the argument, and he knew it. \"Well, she... I mean, I was...\" \"Being foolish.\" Suddenly feeling the urge to run ahead, Kubo glared at some bushes to his right, as though they were the ones insulting him. Glaring wasn't remotely therapeutic. Taking on a gentler tone of voice, the girl caught up to him. \"Look, just don't accept invitations to tea anymore, ok? You were lucky I felt you nearby, otherwise you would have been done for.\" \"Thanks for pointing that out.\" \"A thanks for saving you will suffice. For now, we'd best be on our way.\" Before Kubo could retort, she'd raced ahead of him. \"Hey, wait! How do you know about me and my quest?\" \"I know all about you, Kubo, I have known for the past ten years of your exploits! As for your quest... Let's just say I was sent to assist you.\" Wonderful, more aid. Why did this trip echo so much of his first adventure? \"Who are you, and how do you know about me?\" The girl turned around to face him, and for the first time he was struck by her eyes- not a normal brown, they shone a crystalized blue-green. \"My name is Akira, and for now that is all you must know. Rest assured, I'm more than prepared to help to the best of my abilities.\" If the battle with the kumiho was an indication, her talents were substantial. Still if this would prove to be like his last voyage, things could go badly for a companion. \"I appreciate it, but I should probably continue by myself. I'm not saying you're not powerful, but last time I-\" \"I know about your parents, Kubo. I'm sorry for your loss, and I can only imagine what it must have been like to lose them, but trust me, you'll need me on this quest.\" \"And if I refuse?\" \"It's been decided over your head,\" Akira replied evenly. Kubo bit back his tongue as he stared straight ahead, determined not to react. Who besides his late mother would have held his best interests at heart? Surely no one alive... The train of thought resulting from this statement ground him to a stop. \"How do I know you aren't an enemy?\" \"Didn't I prove to you I'm not?\" She looked him over curiously. Both had stopped walking, appraising each other openly. \"Sure you saved me, but who's to say you're not planning on betraying me later on, if it suits you?\" Kicking a pebble unenthusiastically, he added, \"You may know everything about me, but I know nothing of you.\" He expected her to be insulted, at the very least- what show of gratitude could such suspicion be? Yet when he dared to glance up after a moment's silence, to his surprise she looked thoughtful, not wrathful. \" Now you're thinking like a hero. Come, we're wasting daylight!\" She disappeared into the brush ahead, leaving Kubo to scratch his head in confusion. Her voice drifted back to him, \"If you want my help, you'll have to keep up!\" A serpentine shadow dissipated behind them as Kubo raced after his new comrade... \"So where are you from?\" \"Can't say. Top secret.\" \"Ok. What's your name again?\" \"Akira.\" \"Right, just wanted to make sure I got it. Akira...\" He rolled the 'r' unnecessarily long, tasting it on his tongue. It made him feel warmer, comforting yet fierce, like a tigress nurturing her cubs. \"That's a pretty name.\" \"My mom calls me Aki- I hate it.\" Kubo paused. \"Why? Aki's nice, too.\" \"I prefer being called by my true name.\" \"Sounds good. Sooo, who sent you again?\" Akira rolled her eyes. \"You've tried this before. I told you, I can't divulge my protector's identity.\" \"Could you at least tell me why, or give me a hint? I'd like to know something more of my rescuer besides her name.\" Shifting her spear uncomfortably to her right shoulder, she glared at him. \"A wise person learns from observing, not talking.\" Though he'd been reluctant to admit it, having a companion bolstered his spirits, and so Kubo's playful demeanor had returned; instead of scowling at her, he skipped merrily ahead. \"I'm observant. I'm observing you're crabby, and I'm observing how you grit your teeth each time I open my mouth,\" he teased. \"Then you'd be wiser still to shut it,\" she snapped. He flushed before taking his shamisen out. Twiddling it absentmindedly between his fingers, he began to hum. In spite of herself, Akira found herself admiring the instrument. \"How did you come by it?\" \"It was my mother's.\" Kubo's voice hitched briefly- amazing how one can think one has moved on, when truly one has not. \"It's magnificent.\" Kubo smiled fondly down at it. \"Yeah, it's gotten me out of a few tight corners... What about your hair pin?\" Her fingers flew to the back of her head. \"What of it?\" \"What's the story behind it? The kumiho seemed desperate to get her paws on it.\" Akira shrugged again. \"Her interests are often inscrutable. As for my ornament, like your shamisen, I inherited it. Not much more to tell.\" Kubo could tell by the marked stiffness of her gait there was more to tell, but he let it slide. \"It suits you.\" Akira's cheeks burned cherry-blossom pink. Then she stiffened so abruptly, he accidentally rammed into her. \"What is it?\" He asked. She didn't answer. Her jaws were clamped shut, but her eyes betrayed the source of her distress: a sky-blue serpent was slithering towards them. Immediately, he noticed the tell-tale white diamond markings- this was a Sea Serpent, the deadliest species in their environment. No wonder Akira had frozen- any movements would be seen as an assault on the reptile and it would attack. If it hadn't spotted them, they could have tried sneaking away. Unfortunately, he was bearing witness to the staring contest between her and the snake, which never ended well for the human. Unless they wanted to waste the next thirty minutes standing around, they had to do something. Now. \"Akira, stay still. I'm going to try something. Just trust me,\" he whispered. Akira didn't acknowledge him- he doubted she could by now. A statue would have been more mobile. Painstakingly, he pulled his shamisen free and, ignoring the girl's widening eyes, he began to strum gently. Initially, the serpent glared at him more wrathfully than he could have imagined any animal could, but as the notes floated on the air towards it, its head began to sway to the tune. Its eyes blinked more lazily with each drifting syllable as Kubo maintained his soft, lilting tempo. Before it lay its head down, it swiveled around to leer at Akira once more, who stiffled a cry. \"Don't. Move,\" Kubo hissed. They'd both be dead if the creature roused itself again. Fortunately, the gasp didn't affect his music, and he continued strumming. Finally, with a peaceful poke of its tongue, the Sea serpent hunkered down to sleep. Kubo played for a few minutes longer until he was sure it wouldn't stir, then took Akira by the hand and guided her around it. They ran only when the snake was no longer in sight. \"So, snakes?\" \"Yes,\" she replied tersley. \"Hm. To be fair, it's perfectly reasonable to be afraid of poisonous snakes.\" \"It's not just the poisonous ones,\" she rumbled. \"Snakes are creepy, slippery beings!\" \"Not to mention poisonous, occasionally.\" \"I just...\" She shuddered. Then she dared to meet his face. \"You don't think that's silly?\" \"No! Why would I?\" Kubo exclaimed. \"And if I did, I'd be sure to keep that thought to myself, considering you're a spear-wielding, kumiho-slaying warrior,\" he teased. Akira chuckled sheepishly. \"Thank you for your quick thinking. It saved us both.\" Kubo could only look down, praying she didn't see him blushing.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 A graceful, serpentine shadow slithered about in the darkness, undetected by the warm bodies of light it was following. In his beastly state, the Moon King observed Kubo and Akira before him, so far traveling unhindered- partially thanks to him. His divine presence warned away potential threats, which suited him and his newfound master fine- the less interference, the better. He lurked, always there, always watching... Such fine, fresh young ones! What a pity one of them had to die. Though he was particularly drawn to the power coursing through Kubo, the other one captivated his interest as well. She was no weakling, but hers felt calmer, like a blue sky above a placid sea. Ultimately not what he required. By comparison, Kubo's was a raging storm of suppressed potential, untapped and restless from lack of exposure. He licked his lips eagerly- he would put it to good use soon enough. Yet despite his feelers quivering with anticipation, his body trembled for a very different reason: an icy, deathly breath caressing his neck. Finish them , the voice urged. What could the Moon King but to obey? Particularly when he felt so partial to comply... Unaware of the impending doom, Akira and Kubo wandered through the forest. By now, Kubo had explained his mission to uncover the source of the vortex, which was the first bit of news that rocked his companion to her core. \"A portal? Really? If that is what you are facing, Kubo, it's no wonder Mo- uh -my mistress sent help! I've never even heard of one opening except in legends.\" \"My mother sounded worried about it, too. She said it probably affected Grandfather.\" \"It could have, but fortunately it might work in our favor. I assume you've felt the change as well?\" \"I'm restless, but otherwise I'm normal. In case you didn't noticed, I haven't morphed into a psychotic being with revenge issues.\" \"What happened to your grandfather, Kubo... I'm sorry, but you mustn't blame yourself. And you must face facts: it might have happened eventually anyway, vortex or no.\" \"Mother said that, too.\" Shifting his shamisen onto his left shoulder, he sighed. \"But I can't believe that. Grandfather had changed, I know he did! I just wish someone would give him another chance.\" \"Your first one was generous as it was- leave it at that, and don't hesitate to do what's necessary.\" Staring at him as if he were an odd fish, Akira asked, \"You do know you're defending the god who murdered your parents, right? The one who wants to murder you ?\" Kubo bit his lip. He realized how crazy it sounded, but he couldn't shake off the feeling something was amiss. \"If he truly wanted to kill me, why didn't he when we were back in the hut?\" \"I don't know- does he need a reason? He's the Moon King, Kubo! Even I have heard legends of his wickedness and cruelty. It's no surprise he killed his own daughter, so why would it shock you how he betrayed you again? Or perhaps you forgot how you battled to the death before?\" Kubo ground his teeth in silence. Much as he wished to deny it, she was right- the entity pursuing them was not the man he remembered. A burst from the bushes stunned them into inaction. And that inaction was all the Moon King required to strike. Kubo barely lifted his shamisen up in time to block the blow of teeth against skin as the monster pounced; instinctively shoving Akira behind himself, he strummed, inflicting a mild hurricane upon their surroundings. The environment bowed to its superiors as they squared off, one wicked and cunning, the other naive and hesitant. \"Greetings, Grandson!\" The Moon Beast reared up to three times his height. \"What is wrong? Are you not pleased to see your dear old grandpa?\" \"Not like this.\" The King narrowed his eyes to slits. \"Is that any way to greet your elder? Perhaps I should teach you some manners! Then again, you won't live long enough to appreciate the lesson.\" His fangs curled up into a vicious leer. Kubo knocked Akira down and dodged aside as the tail struck the ground behind him. He and Akira had split up the second the Moon King had attacked, and he was grateful to see his foe paid her no mind. He had a second to be grateful before the battle began in earnest. Both began on equal footing, though eventually it grew plain Kubo's youthful agility would not aid him forever. He was half mortal; the Moon King was immortal, and as such did not tire easily. All he had to do was match each of Kubo's strikes with one of his own- mere child's play! Kubo's muscles screamed in protest as he jumped once more to avoid the slap of a finned tail. The Moon King was toying with him! How much longer could he continue? His magic was the only thing keeping him upright- his physical stamina was almost spent. His mind reached out for anything he could manipulate, any object at all- leaves and twigs were all he had the energy to muster. They would have to do. Molding them into sharp darts, he flung them outwards with a single note. All was lost when the Moon King deflected them with a mere whip of his tail. Exhausted even more by his recent attack, Kubo slumped forward, unconsciously using his instrument as a crutch. He was undone. With a chortle, the Moon King advanced towards Kubo, smacking his lips at the taste of moon power. Snap! Instead of a body, his teeth crunched against Akira's wooden staff, which remarkably did not break. The female warrior stood between him and his victim, glaring at him as he bore down. Clamping down harder, his reward was splinters as the weapon refused to give way. Growling, he threw the staff- and Akira with it- aside and slithered forward, only to be whacked on the head from behind. \"Leave him alone!\" Akira snarled. The Moon King whirled around reluctantly. \"So you wish to be a second thorn? I'd advise against it- as of now I hold no quarrel with you.\" \"How sweet of you.\" He bared his teeth. \"Very well. You've been warned.\" He charged with the speed of a thousand elephants, only to reel back with a shriek as an unearthly glow flared up. Even Kubo, caught off guard, shielded his eyes as he searched for the source of the light saving him. Akira, stunningly, calmly poised, was enveloped by the purest, whitest light he had ever seen. She looked- no other way to put it- heavenly. In spite of the spear in her hand, she radiated peace as she advanced towards the Moon King. As if scalded, the beast roared and retreated, curling over himself end over end as he retreated into the shadows. \"This is not over, boy!\" He shouted before slinking off into the depths from whence he came. \"I think it's safe to assume,\" she said as she dusted off her kimono, \"that the Moon King holds no benevolent feelings towards you.\" Then she collapsed to the ground.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10 Akira groaned as she opened her eyes, rubbing the back of her hand over crusty lids. So weary... \"Here, drink this,\" a gentle voice soothed. Hesitantly, she did as suggested, rewarded by something as warm as sunlight trickling down her throat. What was this delicious brew? More critical, where was she? Who was helping her drink? \"You collapsed,\" Kubo explained. Ah, that. \"How long have I slept?\" \"Three days.\" Kubo bit his lip, anxiety plain in his features. \"I am all right now, just help me up.\" He slid her into an upright position, bringing the bowl up to her lips. \"Mother always said chicken broth is best to restore your strength and energy.\" Akira smiled gratefully. \"Your mother was a wise woman,\" she replied, sipping more of the broth. Kubo held her head up. \"What happened? I've never seen that kind of magic before.\" The closest he'd come was watching his mother use up the last of her own reserves to save him from his aunts. The result of that fight still made him shudder, remembering the hopelessness he'd endured as he fluttered away on makeshift wings. She shivered. \"Nothing, just an old trick Mother taught me. I had no alternative.\" \"Yeah, well... Don't do that again, ok?\" \"Ok,\" she smiled. Though her body was exhausted, her mind refused to settle, and soon she'd mustered enough strength to rise and join Kubo, where he was sitting and gazing at the sky in adoration. \"What are you staring at? Can we afford daydreaming?\" \"Mother always told me to look up at the stars, and I would see my family. I figured she meant my ancestors were watching over me from up there; I didn't realize she was being so literal,\" he sighed. \"Makes sense why she hated me moon watching.\" \"I'm sorry, Kubo. I warned you this might happen- from what I saw, the Moon King holds no feelings for you. Nothing beyond anger and hatred.\" Kubo bit his lip, reluctant to concede. \"I need to hear you say it- your grandfather is gone. There's only the Moon King now.\" \"Fine, I'll admit it! The Moon King is back,\" he exclaimed dismally. Satisfied, Akira returned to her makeshift cot of leaves. \"But that doesn't mean he's here to stay,\" Kubo murmured quietly. \"You fool.\" The Moon King knelt before a mass of shadow and smog. To an outsider, it was nothing more than a supplicant kneeling before his master; the eerie tranquility and stillness of the scene showed nothing of the rage broiling with the god, rivaled only by the wrath of the shadow being. \"You fool! How did you allow Kubo to escape?\" \"I had hoped he was alone still-\" \"That is no excuse! Did you not think he might have acquired some aid by this time?\" \"I underestimated his strength.\" The Moon King stifled a gasp as the blackness swirled around him and inside of him, chocking him from within. \"Perhaps I overestimated yours ! Perhaps it would be best for our alliance to come to an end...\" The inky tendrils twisted tighter. \"No! It will not happen again.\" The darkness retreated somewhat. \"You are right. One way or another, it will not.\" His master withdrew completely. 0o0 The Moon King was a proud entity. As such, he was unaccustomed to being tossed about like a rag doll and then squeezed so horridly his insides almost popped out of his ears. The helplessness of it all! The constant subservience, the threats, the reminders... He bowed to no one! How dare! .. If he had that other eye, then who would be crawling?.. No, he could not pursue such a goal until he gained more power, however badly his own servitude rankled under his skin. All because of that selfish, stupid boy! Kubo would pay for his misery, and he would pay dearly. For every choke hold, every bruise, every ding in his pride, he would suffer. And he, the Moon King, would personally inflict every ounce of it. \"How did you do it?\" Kubo persisted. Akira bit her lip. \"I'm not supposed to say.\" \"Come on- you know my powers. Show me yours!\" Seeing her hesitation, he clarified, \"At least show me part of it. Something small you can do, like a trick or charm.\" At that, Akira grinned mischievously. \"A trick, huh?\" Before he knew it, a beam of light shot towards his face, forcing him to duck. \"What the!-\" \"I can manipulate sunlight, much like you can manipulate moon energy. I can shoot rays from my palms with ease. I can heat up a fire in winter, which is my worst season- the sun sleeps in the cold, you know. If I do not take care... Well, I won't go into that now.\" Pausing, she surveyed the undergrowth for a moment before pointing at a patch of brittle, brown leaves. \"Look!\" Kubo watched as the patch of dead brush sprouted gracefully to life again. \"Wow! You can make things grow?\" \"As long as there's a base for it- give me a seed and soil, and voila! Instant apple tree!\" \"That's... Beautiful . \" Akira blushed. \"Well, it comes in handy when one is hungry- many a day I have survived solely on berries.\" \"Sounds more useful than... Making paper figurines come to life,\" he trailed off uncertainly. \"Oh? That sounds fascinating to me,\" she smiled. \"Um, well, it's... Fun, you know? I get to tell stories with them, create characters, build worlds!\" He paused, realizing he'd been reaching for his shamisen. \"Don't be shy. Show me!\" Kubo hesitated- besides the villagers, the only ones who had ever seen his displays of magic were his mother and grandfather. Then again, she did seem interested. \"Just a little. As soon as we find a good place for a campfire.\" Once they'd settled down, he pulled out his instrument and began strumming. The fire glowed warmly, drawing him in, lulling him with memories of kindness and family. \"Our tale begins...\" He didn't need to complete his sentence as the paper flew. Fairy tale figurines, first of a fair, youthful maiden, then of her bold, kindhearted knight, then of the wicked warlock bent on destroying them both, sprung, danced, fought, and loved to life. Akira laughed, her eyes alight from wonder and surprise- she had never seen such imaginative magic before. Kubo's laughter echoed hers, and soon he found himself dancing along with the beings he'd created. He had forgotten the joy, the thrill of the tingling of energy in his body, spreading from his navel to his arms. He felt it now more than he had in years. Magic had always been the single way he could truly relax; with it, he was himself. Not to mention hearing Akira's laughter made him feel strangely warm inside; so did her clapping after his performance. \"Impressive,\" she declared. \"It still doesn't beat incinerating enemies, which- after what you did against my gra- the Moon King- apparently you can do.\" \"I can, but it's difficult. Much like what I did earlier. The spell I used to harm him... It's a skill of the last resort. I can summon the sun's full brightness. Only for a few minutes, at best.\" Kubo stared at her in what she uncomfortably guessed was awe. \"That is quite a gift.\" \"It has its perks. Such as collapsing into a helpless heap afterwards; my energy is spent. I cannot use that power lightly.\" \"Well, it certainly came in handy against him.\" She smiled modestly. \"Yes, I suppose it did.\" \"Do me a favor, though.\" \"What?\" \"Don't do it again! I like you conscious... And smiling.\" Akira blushed furiously. Greetings, readers! Happy fall! One of my favorite times of the year approaches, and I figured I would add to this story of the supernatural to celebrate it. I hope you all are still reading it and have stuck it out for me so far; I promise it only gets better (more intense, mostly) from here. Happy reading, everyone, and please don't forget to review! :)[Chapter 11] Chapter 11 \"So, you can harness the sun's power... There's a sun goddess, why can't I remember her name?..\" \"Amaterasu.\" \"That's it! Anyway, your magic... You're...\" \"Amaterasu's daughter, yes.\" \"Why didn't you tell me sooner?\" Kubo asked- not judgmentally, as she'd feared, but in a slightly wounded tone of voice. \"My lineage is not something I divulge lightly. Do you reveal your heritage to the entire village?\" \"Well, no.\" \"Then you understand.\" Kubo plucked up a piece of grass, twirling it around in his fingers absentmindedly. \"The way I see it, your heritage is part of you, deep in your soul. You can either own it, or conceal it for a lifetime of misery. My mother meant well, but hiding part of my identity from me did not protect me in the end. I had always felt like an outsider, knowing my abilities but never truly understanding them. Now,\" he rose on paper wings, twirling around in the air, \"I am whole!\" A wisp of light danced between his fingers. Akira chuckled at the display. \"Show off.\" Kubo blushed furiously. His mother beamed down upon him, smiling. \"My son,\" she whispered. \"You are so close. But you will not succeed. Unless you find the Sword of Light.\" Kubo groaned as he opened his eyes. Twilight. Shouldn't it be a little bit darker now? They had fallen asleep around twilight; yet the forest retained a pearly bluish tinge. Pearly blue... This was not dusk, but moon light. The young man grimaced as he cautiously rose; where there were moon beams, there was... He cried out as a bolt of pain shot into his back. \"What a glorious night for a chat, wouldn't you agree Kubo?\" The Moon King gracefully emerged from the brush, smirking. Kubo glared up at him, pulling himself up into a crawl. \"How did you find us?\" \"Please! I control moonlight- wherever it goes, I follow. Now, shall we dispense with the trivialities? We both know I am not here for a family reunion.\" He flicked another bolt casually. Kubo stifled a gasp as it punched him. \"Come on, wake up, wake up!\" He tried to shake Akira awake, to no avail. \"Your charming friend won't save you this time,\" The god said, advancing. \"What did you do to her?!\" \"Nothing, merely encouraged her busy mind to rest more deeply than normal. Temporary, I assure you. Which is not what your agony will be when I'm through with you!\" This time Kubo dodged out of the way, belatedly realizing his pack (with his shamisen) was all the way on the other side of the clearing, close to his enemy. The Moon King smirked at the boy's predicament. \"A warrior without his weapons? For shame, Kubo, for shame,\" he taunted as he approached the sack. \"Indeed, such a warrior does not deserve such an instrument!\" He reached towards the shamisen. \"Get away from that!\" The Moon deity clucked mockingly. \"I think I will just-\" With a cry, he was thrown backwards away from Kubo's belongings. \"What in-!\" Fully recovered by now, Kubo rolled towards his shamisen, snatching it up along with his sword. \" Never touch another warrior's belongings. Or this is the consequence.\" He blasted a single note, throwing the god even further across the clearing. Retching up dust, the Moon King rose shakily, his sneer deadly enough to defeat a dragon. Kubo braced himself for another onslaught, but to his shock, the elder turned his back on him. \"Love you old fool, you should have remembered!\" Kubo watched, stunned, as the old man smacked himself in the forehead and continued rambling, too quietly for him to hear. \"Moon King? Grandfather?\" \" Let me take control! No, he is mine!..\" A gurgle emanated from the Moon King, and the shadows seemingly darkened around him. \" I was not asking for your permission. \" Kubo's feet planted him as firmly as tree roots as the Moon King turned to face him once more. What's wrong with him, what's going on? he thought. His opponent was still pretty far from him, but could his eyes have darkened? Or was that just his terror playing tricks on his senses? No, something was terribly wrong. Tension, electricity crackled between them, the shadows swirling like murky swamp water as the Moon King floated towards him. The Moon King did not float- he was more subtle than that. \" You cannot harm me, boy. \" \"Wh-What are you?\" \" Someone beyond your comprehension. \" So shocked was he, Kubo failed to see the darkness before it wrapped around him like a shroud. \"Perhaps you have heard of me, though you are so young, it's doubtful. If you wish to address me before you perish, you may call me Shadow Emperor.\" This time as the night seemingly closed in around him, Kubo found he could not move- he was fully immobilized by fear. For terror was all he felt as the thing floated towards him. He knew what it would do: choke and smother him into nothingness, strip him whatever power he possessed. His parents would never see him in the after life, for there would be nothing left of him to exist. I'm sorry Mother, Father. I failed. A scream forced him to open his eyes. He looked up to see the entity on all fours, covering his eyes as if he were weeping. His shamisen hung splintered in his hand- he hadn't even been aware he'd lifted it in front of his face. Another scream, and this time he recognized it as his own. 0o0 It was not the cries that woke Akira, but the oppressive silence. She looked up to see Kubo kneeling, staring into space, his shattered channel in his hands.[Chapter 12] Chapter 12 \"Kubo, are you all right?\" No answer, only more staring off into space. Cautiously she approached him, finally close enough to inspect for injuries. Nothing that she could see aside from a scrape on his cheek, but the look in his eyes- the wanderer stare, the one showing no one was home in the head, that frightened her more than any physical wound might have. \"Kubo, can you hear me? What happened?\" This question snapped him back to his senses. \"He happened. The Moon King.\" He glared up at her. \"And you slept through the whole fight. Some help you were.\" He cringed internally at her mortified expression. \"But how could I have?.. Why didn't you wake me?!\" \"Don't you think I tried? He- it wasn't your fault, I'm sorry. He put a spell on you, I couldn't wake you.\" He looked down at the shards in his lap. \"The Moon King came here before sunrise, swathed in shadow. I'd never seen him do that, it was... It wasn't like him. I know that sounds stupid, but it's true. He said- he said since he controls moonlight, he can follow us wherever we go, wherever it goes. I tried to fight him, I almost beat him! Then...\" \"Then what?\" But Kubo was distracted again, gazing fixedly forward. \"Kubo, now is not the time to mourn! I can only imagine the terrible price you've endured, but you must tell me what happened.\" Kubo's eyes sharpened to focus, then focused on her. \"It was- I can't explain it.\" \"Try.\" \"It was like- I heard him arguing with himself, and then... He was gone! It was like he was possessed.\" \"How so?\" \"His powers were different- stronger, faster, darker. He used shadows to tie me up!\" \"Shadows? That's not-\" \"His power? You're right, it's not.\" Suddenly slumping over, he sighed, \"Which means something else was using him to fight me. Something very dark and evil. It doesn't matter now. Whatever took him over was only stopped by something from my pack: my shamisen. Which is now destroyed. Now I can't beat him or it.\" Akira sat in silence beside him for a few minutes. \"Kubo, I am truly sorry about your instrument. To lose one's channel is a horrible travesty, and I can only imagine what you are going through right now. However, we must stop the Moon King, or whatever you saw last night. If what you saw is right, then we are in dire straits than I feared. We must defeat him, now.\" Kubo glared at her, thrusting a wooden shard in her face. \"With what? Maybe you missed the part where my instrument was shattered to pieces! That was the only way to control my magic. Without it, I'm...\" He sniffled, swiftly wiping his face with his sleeve. \"You're not useless, Kubo. Would I be here if you were?\" Unexpectedly, she gently lay her hands on top of his, and he felt a flush of warmth in his palms where their skin connected. \"Better?\" \"Uh, yeah... How'd you do that?\" Kubo felt like he'd just awoken from a nap, the kind of alertness one only knows upon the first first moments of waking up from a perfect night's sleep. His mind was sharper, his senses clearer, his mood less dreary. \"Part of my repertoire- the sun is healing, you know.\" \"Right...\" \"Anyway, much as I'd like to rest here all day, we must hurry.\" She rose to pack up the campsite. Shakily, Kubo got to his feet, still wobbly from the his battle. \"Wait, where are we going?\" \"To defeat the Moon King.\" \"Did you miss the part when I said he destroyed my weapon and seemed impervious to my magic? Even the Sword Unbreakable didn't have much of an effect!\" \"No, but what else should we do? Give up?\" Kubo growled, kicking at a stick. \"If what you told me is true, a great evil walks among us.\" \"What evil?\" \"Pray that I'm wrong, but we could be fighting against the Shadow.\" Somehow, despite the bright sun, Kubo felt remarkably chilled. \"The Shadow?\" \"Don't speak it out loud! Like I said, pray I'm wrong about this. Why Mother would send only me to protect you is beyond me.\" \"Wait, what?! First, Amaterasu is the one who sent you? She knows about me?\" \"Who else would send me, Kubo? She is my mother, after all.\" \"Second, what is this thing you're so terrified of?\" \"Later. We must go if we are to find the Sword of Light.\" \"Wait, now there's another sword? I thought the Sword Unbreakable could defeat any monster!\" \"It's not enough this time. I'll explain, but we have to move now! \" Kubo hurriedly snatched up the remainder of their supplies, feeling Akira's anxiety like a flame in his soul. \"Fine, but you are explaining everything this time. No more secrets.\" Akira nodded. The instant she wasn't looking, Kubo snatched up the remains of his shamisen, bundling them up into a cloth sack and shoving them deep within his pack. A single loose shard, attached to a long strand of black hair, dropped to the floor. Kubo stared at it- his mother's hair. Gently, he placed it in his chest pocket, close to his heart. Yards away, a demon raged. \"You dare ! You dared to stop me, disobey me!\" Shadow raged and fumed. \"If you hadn't broken my concentration, I would have had him,\" the Moon King sneered. The entity reared upwards and backhanded him across the cave's floor. \"Insolence! Speak against me again, and dying will become your greatest wish!\" I have been patient, the Moon King thought. I can remain so a little longer. \"As you wish, my liege.\" The shadows receded into their hole. Hello, everybody! So, I was just rereading this chapter, and I definitely had to fix it. I'm sorry for the grammatical errors! In my defense, I edited it the first time around two in the morning, if not a bit later. XD All good now. Enjoy! ","Summary":" Chapter 1- A Quiet Evening by the Fire The mountainside was tainted a smoky, gray blue as opposed t"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Their home was being invaded","Author":"Mid9ight0Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10228776","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N Hey Y'all, got another new Fict. Attack the block Whoop! I've had this on paper for awhile but have tried editing it, trying to make it better. It will be short about 8-9 chapters and then a few one-shots. Dennis/OC Warning: Swearing, Mugging and some ugly motherfuckers. Dem had been living in the block for nearly two year's now and to say it had changed her life, was an understatement. In nearly two years, she had adopted five boys. They were near her age but she had always acted older and so she became a mother, a sister or a best friend to them. She was there for them, anytime. One of the boys, Dennis, she had been crushing on him for over a year now and it seemed like he returned the feeling's but it felt like something was holding him back. It was Dennis birthday next week and Dem had been putting together the perfect present, it had taken a long time and a lot of money but it was worth it, she had just brought the finishing touch and now was on her way back to the block. Crossing over the road, she quickly spotted five hooded figure's and quickly figured out who they were. It looked like they were going to be doing another job and Dem hoped none would ended up injured like last time. By passing them, not wanting to intervene in their mission as she continued walking. She could see in the corner of her eye two figures pointing towards her before they turned round, it seemed they had spotted who she was and as much as she wanted to walk over and see how they were, she really needed to finish Dennis present. She quickly by passed Probs and Mayhem who were building a fire in one of the dumpster's. They were so busy throwing in piece of wood that they didn't even notice her. It didn't take look for her to get to her flat, the door slamming shut behind her. Five hooded boys stood in the middle of the road. Two of them were on bikes riding in a circle. Their leader let his eyes wonder around looking for their perfect victim. They were looking for someone that looked wealthy. The leader, Moses lightly patted his pocket, where he had the pocket knife in case they needed something to back them up. \"Yo, Moses, man. This one?\" Moses turned round to face Jerome and Biggz who were pointing towards a figure that was cutting across the street. \"You fucking stupid, man. That's Dem. You want to end up with a fractured arm again?\" Dennis voice cut in with a scoff, shaking his head. \"Na, man. She's the only one crazy enough to have blue and orange hair, bro.\" On closer look Moses could see the light hitting her hair where it gave a soft glow, the bright blue and orange jumping out. Jerome tried to squint his eyes, not able to actually see the colour but nodding with Dennis where as Biggz shrugged before pulling his bike closer to him. \"Yo, blood. We got our self one.\" The shout coming from the youngest, Pest as he pointed towards a figure in a long green jacket and she was currently on the phone but froze once she spotted them. They watched as she quickly cut across the street. Moses turned to Biggz and Pest who were both leaned forward on their bikes. \"Cut across her.\" Nodding before they started to peddle away towards the woman. Moses, Den and Jerome pulled up their bandana's so it covered half their face before walking into the middle of the street. Moses was quick to walk towards her when she was facing away and a second she turned round, he was right in her face. \"Give me the phone, give me the phone. Give me the phone!\" He demanded holding his hand out. He had his baseball cap on as well as his hood, the only thing showing was his eyes. She was quick to react, pulling out her phone, Moses snatching it of her before his eyes locked on the item's in her bag. \"The money, the purse. Give me the purse, give it to me.\" She was scared, the fear clear on her face as she tried to pull everything out, dropping item's onto the ground. Moses grabbed hold of her shoulder. \"Don't fuck about.\" Ripping the whole bag away from her before throwing it towards Dennis behind him as the woman tried to reason with him. \"Hey. Please…\" Holding her hands up in surrender which was a mistake, as Moses eye's locked onto the ring she was currently wearing. \"Give me that ring.\" \"It's not worth an…\" She muttered which was cut of as Moses brought out the small pocket knife he had. \"Shut up. Wanna get murked, innit?\" She was quick to react, trying to pull of the ring that didn't seem to want to go. Moses stood there for a moment watching her struggle before his patients wore out, moving forward as he grabbed a hold of her arms. \"Stupid..\" \"Get off me!\" She shouted. The struggle between them both ended with her being thrown to the ground. \"Oi, what?\" Pest moved closer with his bike, as he stared down at the woman. \"Boy, you're too brave.\" Moses replied as he swung the pocket knife around lightly. \"Quick, fam, 'fore the feds come.\" Jerome spoke his head looking down the street's for any sign of the feds. Moses shook his head at his mate before turning back to the woman who had finally manage to take the ring of. \"Fuck the feds, man\" \"Yo, Dem will be pissed man.\" She held the ring out to them as Jerome spoke to Moses, Dennis was the one to snatch the ring from her. \"Tak..e it..\" Her voice was shaky as well as her hands as she sat there on the ground surrounded by her muggers. Dennis past it to Pest who quickly pocket it when a bright light from the sky caught there attention. It was falling from the sky. \"Look, man. Look.\" Pest shouted, dropping his bike as he tried to see what it was, as it started to come close and closer towards them. They all started to shout that their voices clashed together, all trying to understand what was happening as the woman's eyes widen upon seeing the shooting bright light. The gang slowly started to back up once they figure out it was coming towards them and wasn't slowing down, they were quick to duck out the way as the bright light slammed into a silver car behind them. \"Fuck!\" Shouts echoed around them as glass shot everywhere, ducking their heads to avoid being hit. They gave it a second before slowly moving towards their feet to look at the damage and as they did, the woman they had mugged was quick to start running. \"Oi, she's duckin'\" Dennis spoke glaring at the woman's back. Jerome was quick to his feet, his eyes on the woman as well. \"Hey, fam, she's ghostin'\" The child like voice, belonging to Pest who had picked his bike up, shaking the glass from himself. Moses pulled down the Bandana, his eyes never moving from the car. \"Allow it\" \"Somebody's bombin' us, blood.\" \"Na, man, it's just a firework.\" \"Some big firework\" Pest questioned as he thought of all the fireworks he had at home. Moses ignored their comments as he moved closer towards the car. \"Nice whip. Could be bare valuables in there.\" He tried opening the door, to find it locked before decided to climb through the broken window. Pushing him self in as he tried to reach the small compartment near the passengers's side. He just need to reach little further when a grey ugly head popped up screeching and hissing at him, pulling himself out quickly before backing of slowly. \"Shit. There's something….\" The small grey thing jumped out and slammed into Moses, who dropped to the ground and the faint pain from his cheek before he quickly as possible pulled out the small pocket knife and slammed it into the creature's side. \"Whoa!\" It let out a screech before tearing through a fence and heading into the hills. Moses turned him self over as he watched the four legged creature run into a small shed further ahead. \"What the fuck was that?\" Pest shouted, having backed of once it had jumped at Moses. \"Some orang-utan type thing, I'm not even lying, bruv.\" Jerome was shaking his head, all of them staring after the creature that had attacked their leader. Biggz was quick to point out his idea. \"Hey, it's breezing', man. It looked like dobby the house elf.\" Dennis laughs as he pulled down his own bandana. \"Moses got shanked by a dobby.\" At that they all started to laugh apart from Moses, who was busy glaring at the direction the creature went. He walked closed towards the fences, keeping his eyes locked on the shed the creature had disappeared into. \"I'm chasing that down. I'm killin' that.\" It grew silent as they listened to their leader, nodding. Whipping at his cheek that was stinging from the claws. \"Watch.\" They all rushed forward, Biggz and Pest on their bikes while the other were running with sticks and bats in there hand as weapons. \"Payback, Fam.\" \"I'm proper stampin' that.\" \"It's gone in adventure.\" \"Round two, bruv. Round two\" \"Playtime, bruv.\" Their shouts were pumping up their excitment as the screeches of the creature got louder and louder as they came closer towards the shed. They could see the outline of it through the gaps in the wood. \"Yo, you got beef now, Moses.\" They all stopped outside, Moses swinging a large stick he had picked up in his hands. \"Yo, Pest, got them bangers?\" Moses questioned wanted to hurt this fucked as much as possible. Pest nodded before diving into his bag. Pulling out one before Dennis handed him a lighter. Pest moved closer towards the shed as he light the banger up, throwing it into the shed before returning next to Moses and Biggz. They waited, holding there breath. The banger went up, as smoke started to fill the room before the squeal's and screeches came from the creature. They listened for awhile longer before Moses tightened his grip on his weapon. \"It's mine\" He spoke before running into the shed. More screeches reached them before the shouting of Moses was followed after. \"Hey, back me! Back me!\" They were quick to dive into the shed, dropping the bikes. The only sounds were shouting coming from them as well as the screeches from the creature before they slowly died down. \"What the fuck was that?\" Pest questioned after it was silent for a couple of seconds as they started to leave the shed. \"I told you, some exotic creature, like a monkey thing.\" Jerome spoke as he was the second to leave the shed. Pest was ahead of him with the large monkey thing on the stick as the other's quickly followed them out. \"That fell out of the sky. You tryin' to tell me it's rainin' monkeys?\" The disbelief was clear in Pest voice as he continued to stare at the creature he held on the stick. \"That ain't no monkey. Monkeys ain't bald.\" Jerome shot back which Dennis seemed to silently agree. \"No, that's some weird thing. I don't know what that is.\" Pest jumped forward with a smirk, clicking his fingers together. \"I know what that is. I'll tell you what that is. That's a alien, bruv. Believe it.\" Moses turned to stare at Pest as well as the other's. \"It must have come from outer space, trying to take over Earth, init.\" Jerome, Biggz and Dennis all started to nod, figuring that it was the simplest thing for them to understand. \"But it landed in the wrong place, you get me? The wrong Place!\" Pest had taken out his phone, passing the alien over to Moses, who started to join in on the laughter at the alien. The other quickly followed Pest example, apart from Moses, taking out there phone's. Some taking photos and other videoing Moses holding the Alien. \"Welcome to London, mo fucker\" Dennis shot to the ugly Alien. \"Welcome to the ends, brother\" Biggz called, joining in on the fun. Pest chuckled placing his phone back in his pocket. \"This is the block. And nobody fucks with the block, do you get me?\" He declared waving his hand into the air, with Moses and Dennis agreeing. Pest and Biggz started to rap before turning to the Alien. \"The B-L-O-C-K!\" They finished with chuckles and laughter. Moses picked the alien as he lifted it into the air as everyone started to shout 'Brap' waving the phones and hands at the alien. They were in the park now, looking at a shell of an egg where another alien had come from. They had taken the small alien to Ron's flat, The weed room as it was the safest place in the block and now there was more aliens dropping from the sky and they were gonna kill every single one of them motherfucker. The closest one being in the park so they had all grabbed weapons. Pest grabbing a metal bat as well as his fireworks. Biggz grabbing some metal chain while Jerome grabbed a large knife. Dennis had gabbed a large sword, that Dem had given him for his birthday while Moses had a baseball bat. Dennis grabbed his pizza deliverer scooter and his dog [His father telling him to take it for a walk] as the other grabbed their bike's, Biggz having to stand on Jerome bike stabilizer's behind him before they had reached the park. Now, they had no clue what they were dealing with as the egg was steaming with a white fog and was showing something different ot what they had killed. \"Yo, shine the light\" Moses spoke, his eyes not moving from the black egg in front of him. Dennis brought his scooter closer, the head lights shinnying onto the egg. \"Like a fossil, init.\" Dennis whispered as his dog let out a small whimper. \"No, that's different\" Jerome having spotted the small carvings on the egg and it was showing something else, not the same thing with what they had killed. \"That ain't even the same thing.\" Biggz had taken a step back with his hood on tight, covering his head. \"That looks triple the size, blood.\" \"I'd like to see the brother who'd fight that.\" \"Not me man.\" Biggz started shaking his head. \"Right now, I feel like going home, locking my door and playing FIFA with Dem.\" His wish was quickly answered by a loud screech, causing all their heads to turn in the directions. \"Hey, what was that?\" Dennis questioned as his dog jumped from the bike before running of into the direction's the noise had come from. \"Pogo. Pogo, whoa. Stay.\" It ignored Dennis commands as it started running, letting out barks. \"Stay. Stay.\" Moses watched the dog before he quickly spotted the outline of the creature that was sitting on the climbing frame, it was pitch black so they couldn't't see anything about it as Dennis dog disappeared over the small hill. \"There\" He pointed out. \"Holy Fuck\" Jerome eyes were shooting around trying to see the creature that they were all pointing out. \"Where, fam? Where?\" \"On top of the tower.\" Biggz replied. \"Which tower?\" Dennis spun round to face Jerome. \"Ain't you got your contacts in, bruv? look.\" Jerome moved his bandana to reveal think black pairs of glasses, pulling them over his nose. He gave out a gasp as he finally spotted the creature at the same time, it jumped down from the tower before Dennis dog, Pogo started to howl and whine. \"Pogo. Pogo!\" Pest and Moses stopping Dennis from heading towards his dog. \"Na, man!\" It was silent as they tried to spot the creature once more. \"What's it doing? Where's it gone, man?\" \"It's coming\" Moses commented having spotted the black shape that was moving towards them before two blue eyes appeared. \"Ah man, I can see its eyes.\" Pest declared, fear running through him before he quickly climbed onto his bike. \"Not sure them tings is eyes.\" As Moses spoke they watched as the blue eyes opened to reveal a load of blue sharp teeth before the alien snarl at them. That was all Biggz and Pest could handle as they quickly turned around. \"Hey, let's bounce, bruv.\" \"I'm gone, fam\" Pest shouted as he tried to peddle away as fast as he could. \"Everybody RUN!\" Moses shouted as he quickly climbed onto his bike while Dennis tried to turned his scooter around with all his strength. They all quickly started to run [Well ride, Biggz the only one running] and as they did, they by pasted the two kids that had been following them, Probs and Mayhem who quickly paused upon seeing them running. \"Aliens! Run! Leave, leave, leave!\" Was all Biggz could get out as he tried to run faster, his legs already tiring out but fear not allowing him to stop. It was only a moment later where the kids were questioning Moses and his gang when a loud screech behind them had them running, having caught a glimpse of what was behind them. A/N Hope you enjoyed it. Dem will be making a proper appearance in the next chapter, i believe. Didn't want to skip any major parts encase people haven't seen the movie. Read & Review.[Chapter 2] A/N Chapter 3. Thanks for the Favorites and Follows, hope i get some reviews for this chapter. Enjoy. Dennis was driving his scooter around the bends with Jerome, Pest and Moses with Biggz running behind. Moses slowed down so Biggz could climb on the back of his bike when the sound of sirens reached them. \"Bully Van!\" The others were quick to disappear with the van following Moses. They skidded around the corner as Biggz kept looking behind, the van slowly catching up when he decided to climb of. Jumping of from the back of Moses bike had caused him to lose control. His bike slamming against the ground before he was slammed against it, rolling a couple of times until he stopped but he was quickly back on his feet and not even taking a step further when two feds had grabbed his arms. \"Stay down! Come here!\" The shouts coming from the feds as they handcuffs Moses. He could hear Pest shouting 'Man, fuck the five-o!' from the walkway they were hiding in. They watched as Moses was dragging into the van and from where they were crouched they could see the woman they had mugged earlier on sitting there. Dennis attention was soon driven away from the van as he watched multiply aliens getting closer and closer towards the van. \"Hey, check it, Bruv. Behind the car.\" Dennis pointed out, Pest, Jerome and Biggz quickly turning to look towards where Dennis was pointing as they watched the black shadows with their blue teeth slowly descend towards the vehicle. They soon lost sight of the alien as it disappeared behind a car. \"Hey, where is it?\" Jerome questioned trying to spot the alien, Biggz was the one that spotted another alien. \"The roof, fam, clock that roof.\" They watched as the alien jumped down, the faint sound of a car being crushed together before it disappeared, they turned back to the van watching as the woman moved to the front seat while they placed Moses in the back of the van. The officer was talking on his walkie talkie unaware of the black creature heading his way. It was all silent as the gang watched the alien getting closer and closer towards the fed. The fed closed the van and at the same time a alien jumped on top of him, tearing his flesh of. The second fed spun round at the cry before a second alien pounced on him, his screams echoed around the deserted streets as the woman gasped, backing away from the door. She was quick to react, locking all the doors before moving to the back as quickly as she could. Looking around the van before her face turned to face Moses who was an inch away from her, the glass keeping them separate as a loud thump echoed above them. \"Nah. Feds got savaged.\" Pest declared, his body twitching wanting to move but his eyes would not stray from the van with the blood of the feds covering it. \"Shit, man. We gotta back Moses.\" Biggz tried telling the other's but Jerome was quick to shake his head. \"Fuck that, bruv. I ain't going nowhere near none of that.\" Pest quickly spun around finally able to take his eyes of the van as he pulled his bag closer towards himself. \"Think. Think!\" He slapped his head a couple of times. \"Think what scared the little one.\" \"Bangers ain't gonna do nothing', fam.\" Den declared, scoffing at the through of little bangers scaring this big motherfuckers. \"I ain't talking about bangers\" Talking out a large circle box with a smirk. Quickly opening it as the shouts from the van got louder and louder. \"Hold it steady.\" Biggz demanded as he tried to light the firework. \"I ain't the one with the shakes, bruv\" Pest shouted, quickly looking over the side at the van. \"You hold it steady\" They ignored Jerome and Dennis who were telling them to hurry. Sparks appeared as soon as they managed to light the firework up and Pest wasted no time in throwing it over the walkway and in the direction of the van. It continued rolling under the van until one of the many pipes caught it, stopping it in its tracks. The other's waited, counting down until a loud bang erupted and many sparks shot down the streets as smoke covered the car, the loud screeches from the aliens rang around them. Dennis shot up onto his feet before making his way towards his scooter. \"Yo, cover me, fam.\" The command was answered with Pest, Jerome and Biggz quickly following behind. \"This is for Pogo. Rest in peace, dog.\" Den whispered to himself as he kept his eyes on the van. His scooter charged forward, driving around the ramps and down towards the street skidding. Pausing for a moment as he pulled out his long sharp sword before his scooter started to dive towards the smoke and the van, as well as the aliens. Once near the van he was quick to drop his scooter, it crashing against the ground before opening the van door to be welcome with the sight of the woman cowering into the corner. Pulling himself up until he was standing in front of the woman. \"What\" He demanded which was followed with the woman screaming and a large black head with blue teeth popping it's head into the van. Den wasted no time in kicking the shit out of it, dragging the door shut once the alien retreated. They all backed away as loud bangs came from above them but Den ignored them, heading towards the door that held Moses in. Clicking it open as they both ignored the cries of the woman. \"Took your time, man\" Moses declared as he moved out of the small cell and headed towards the seats while the woman quickly locked her self in the cells. \"Dumb feds left the keys!\" \"Then let's jack it!\" Moses nodded before climbing into the passenger seat as Dennis climbed into the drivers seat, twisted the key and wasted no time in slamming his foot against the on the gas, the tyres squealing as the van shot forward. Thumps coming from above as the aliens lost there grip and plummet to the ground. Dennis quickly pulled out his phone, contacting Biggz while avoiding aliens and vehicles that were on the road. \"Yo, Biggz, meet us at the underground garages.\" was all he muttered before slamming his phone shut. It took a couple of minutes but they were able to finally reach the garage, twisting the steering wheel as they spun into the garage. The van was picking up speed so they didn't have time to brake as they spun the van around the corner only to crash head first into a small slim black vehicle. \"This is a bad dream. Tell me I'm dreaming\" Moses muttered to him self as soon as he spotted Hi-Hatz in the black car that was slowly backing away from them. The sound of banging erupted their thoughts, turning around to see the woman banging against the call. \"Let me out! Open the door!\" She shouted as Dennis moved himself from the driver's seat. \"Let me out! Open the door!\" He finally unlocked the cell, crouching down with a smirk. \"Sorry about the driving. I'll get lessons for Christmas.\" She ignored that, not caring in the slightest. \"What were those things?\" \"We're thinking probably aliens.\" Moses quickly spun around having watched movement coming from the black vehicle. \"You should leave.\" \"Before the situation gets more nuts\" Den finished the sentence. \"Go on then\" once he spotted that she wasn't moving at all. She quickly headed towards the door, sliding it open. Turning to see the black car with smoke coming from the engine when Moses spoke to her. \"Ain't you gonna thank us for saving your life?\" The woman sending him a sharp glare. \"My fucking hero\" she spat out before quickly running back the way they had come down as the door to the black car finally opened to reveal Hi-Hatz and his friend, Tonks stepping out. Moses and Dennis were quick to get out of the van as Biggz, Jerome and Pest ran down from the entrance, joining the rest of their gang as they slowly walked up towards Hi-Hatz. \"Yo, Hi-Hatz, it was a accident, man.\" Moses started of, having seen the gun in Hi-Hatz hand. Pest moved forward quickly with his hands raised. \"Nah, trust, bruv. There's bare creatures chasing us. Big alien-gorilla-wolf motherfuckers. I swear. Some creature fell from outer space and jumped Moses, so he bored it. And now its brethren have come down in force, blood. Then Moses got shoffed by the feds and the things attacked the van and savaged the bluefoot, so we jacked the van. We're running for our lives now, cuz. Believe!\" after that it left Pest panting for air. It was silent for a moment until Hi-Hatz started to nod his head. \"Jack a bully van, crash it into my whip and then chat shit about the aliens to me?\" Hi-Hatz demanded, pissed that his ride was wreaked. His mate, Tonks started to twitch as he kept his eyes on the youths. \"This is making me nervous, blood. That boy's still cuffed, you know\" He told Hi-Hatz pointing to Moses who still had his hands cuffed behind him. \"Police are gonna be all over this.\" \"You trying to snake me?\" Hi-Hatz demanded as he raised the gun to Moses head, causing them to flinch before they all drew out their own weapons causing Hi-Hatz to chuckle. \"What, you wanna bring arms to me now? You wanna murk me? The only reason I allowed you to work for me, 'cause Dem said you were good, this is what I get?\" Tonks joining him as they started to chuckle and laugh at the youths. Unaware of the glares they were receiving from the gang at the mention of Dem. \"You wanna war with me?\" The laughter gone from his face as his hand tightened around the gun. \"Listen to me, cuz, I'm not even lying.\" Pest moved forward with his metal bat in his hands. \"If we was making it up, don't you think we'd make up something better then aliens?\" Hi-Hatz was quick to point the gun in Pest direction. \"Say that word one more time.\" Pest zipped his mouth at the sight of the gun pointed at him but the sight of something black dropping caught the gangs attention. \"I told you, bruv. On the roof, if you don't believe me.\" \"What? What's on the roof?\" At that Pest froze remembering the man's words if he mentioned alien again. \"One of them…\" \"Say it!\" \"One of them big gorilla-wolf motherfuckers.\" Pest pointed to something behind Hi-Hatz. They all took a step back as the alien let out a loud screech, apart from Hi-Hatz and Tonks. Tonks turned to Hi-Hatz slowly, having looked behind to see. \"Yo, Hi-Hatz, there is something there, bruv.\" Hi-Hatz shook his head, not moving the gun as he turned to face the direction to see something black poking out from behind his car before it disappeared. \"Yo, go see what that is\" Tonks turned sharply with a glare. \"No way, bruv.\" Hi-Hatz swung the gun around to point it at him. \"Move!\" He demanded, watching as his friend backed away from him and the gun. \"Shit\" He muttered as he slowly walked towards the black car as Hi-Hatz turned the gun back onto Pest. They all watched as he slowly walked forward, the only sound was them breathing and the man's feet crunching against the floor. He managed to get to the back of the car safely only to see it was empty, looking around slightly before turning to his boss with a shrug. \"Yo, Hi-Hatz, bruv. There's no….\" a black thing came charging out from one of the open garages before snatching him away. \"Oh, shit!\" The younger shouted as they started to back up. They could hear the screeches and chomping as blood splattered everywhere, the alien continued to chomp on Hi-Hatz mate. They watched as it took a large bite from the neck before pulling back, blood pouring down and flesh being ripped of. \"OH, SHIT!\" Hi-Hatz quickly stormed forward shooting his gun at the alien while the other started to back up. \"You got the key to your lockup?\" Moses questioned Den who quickly nodded as they started to run once again, leaving behind the ciaos. \"Sorry I messed up your couch.\" Pest apologised to the woman they had mugged. After running from Hi-Hatz and the aliens, they had managed to get the cuffs of Moses hands and then they had ran back towards the Block but had ended up losing Biggz, no one could find him. After safely getting into the block, Pest being the last one who ended up getting bitten, they had to drag him to the first floor. Quickly spotting the woman again, they quickly barged into her house and demanded that she fix up Pest leg, having been a nurse and that was where they were now. \"Don't worry about it\" She spoke while cutting bits of his pants of to reveal the bite mark, it was gruesome, still dripping blood and didn't't seem like it was going to stop any time soon. \"D'you want me to take 'em off?\" The innocent question amused her but she shook her head. Jerome chuckling at Pest. \"Tell me if this hurts.\" \"Try me\" He spoke, trying to act strong in front of the unknown woman. \"Ow! Hurts\" he shouted after the pain had settled down. \"How about this?\" There was no caring tone considering they had mugged her and nearly got her killed in a car crash. \"Hurts, Hurts, Hurts, Hurts, Hurts!\" Pushing his body forward, trying to get rid of the pain. \"You've torn a few minor arteries. You might have a fracture. This needs treating before you lose too much blood.\" \"Do it, then\" Moses finally spoke as he glared at the woman. \"I can't do it\" She stated \"I don't have the equipment or the skill.\" It seemed she was being ignored as Dennis turned to Moses. \"We can take him to Dem's flat, she got all the equipment, she can fix his legs up proper, fam\" Moses turned to face Dennis as well as Pest. \"You want to check on her, Den. You finally gonna make her you'r woman?\" Pest quickly shouted as Dennis laid a hand on his wound. \"Hurts, Hurts!\" Moses nodded before turning to Pest and the woman but before he could speak a heavy thud against the door broke the silent's. Moses took the metal bat from Jerome as he slowly made his way towards the door. Quietly looking through the small peep hole to show a empty hall way, he waited for a moment with a deep breath as he tried to control his thumping heart. A second later the face of the alien screeching at the door caused him to jump backwards before slamming the living room door shut as they all backed away. \"What the fuck\" \"They found us\" He replied holding the bat tightly in his hands. \"How could they find us? There's, like, 190 doors in this block.\" Jerome stated as panic started to spread as the heavy thud against the door became louder and louder. The woman was quick to grab a guitar before backing away from them. \"Listen, whatever gang war you're involved in, leave me out of it, please.\" A crunch sounded around them quickly followed by a loud screech that made her gasp. \"Oi, Hey, this ain't got nothing' to do with gangs\" Dennis pulling out his sword once more. \"Or drugs. Or rap music. Or violence in video games.\" Pest spoke as he hopped onto his good leg. \"This is the worst night of my life\" She muttered quietly but Moses was able to hear her. \"Feeling's mut…..\" He was cut of by one of the aliens crashing into the room, glass everywhere as well as broken piece's of wood laid on the ground. They all tightened they hands around their weapons as they stared at the alien. Moses dropped the metal bat before grabbing the sword out of Dennis hand ignoring Pest who was shouting at him \"Moses, don't, man!\" He let out a warrior cry before charging forward towards the alien. Holding the sword out as he waited for the alien to make his first more and at the right moment he dodged to the side before slamming the sword into the neck area and all movement from the alien stopped. Everyone froze as the alien dropped to the ground with the sword lodged into it neck, with a grunt Moses was able to pull the sword back out but it was covered in some dark blue blood. Dennis had a bewilder look on his face as he slowly moved closer towards the dead alien. \"Moses. Ninja!\" \"Tango neutralised.\" Jerome chuckled before following behind Dennis. They all crowed around the alien as the woman dropped the guitar before joining them. \"See? Is that a dog?\" Pest questioned the woman, still pissed she didn't't believe them. \"No.\" She whispered, shock all over her face. \"No, that is not a fuckin' dog\" Jerome peered closer towards the alien. \"That's black\" He whispered quietly. \"Too black to see\" \"That's the blackest black ever, fam.\" Dennis moved closer before running his hand through the alien fur. \"That's blacker than my cousin Femi.\" \"Oi, where's that woman?\" Jerome was the one to point out that the woman had disappeared. They all headed out the broken door to a dark hallway, they could spot the woman standing near the elevator's as the screeches echoed around the hallways. They became louder as the gang waited at the door, to see what she was gonna decided. It took a moment for her to turn round and start heading back to them. \"Wherever you're going, I'm coming with you.\" She declared with a determined look. \"after what you put me through tonight, it's the least you can do.\" Dennis was quick to disagree. \"No way, man. She's bare annoyin'.\" He scoffed before turning his back on her. \"Make her leave. Let that snitch get murked.\" \"Dennis, why you acting like such a prick for?\" Dennis turned to glare at Pest. \"I need the nurse until we get to Dem's. Do you want me to die?\" \"She is not goin' to Dem's. She hate's strangers, bruv.\" Dennis snapped, clearly unhappy but was telling the truth, as they remembered the first encounter when someone was in her house and she had no clue who it was. The dude ended up leaving the flat with a broken nose and a black eye. Jerome jumped in before it got out of hand. \"Yo, we can't stand around here arguing. We need to roll. Now!\" \"My name's Sam.\" She spoke, ignoring Dennis and Pest arguing. \"Jerome.\" He nodded his head towards her. \"I'm Pest\" \"No, man\" Dennis shook his head, tuting as he turned away once again. \"Dennis\" Jerome nodded towards where Dennis stood. \"You're Moses. Right?\" She questioned the silent Moses who continued to stare at her. He sighed before turning away. \"You're gonna need a weapon.\" was all he said before they started to walk away towards the stairs. Sam quickly disappeared into her house before appearing once again with a sharp knife in her hand. A/N Sorry for any mistakes. Review.[Chapter 3] A/N I'm in a updating mood. Been updating most of my Fictions today. Thanks for the Followers and Favorites, if you could take the time and Review for me please. They slowly made their way up the stair's quietly with Moses in the lead. \"You get four years for carrying an offensive weapon, you know.\" Pest spoke as he continued to hop up the stair's as quickly as he could. \"I think this situation's a bit different\" \"Is it?\" He panted leaning against the wall for a second. \"Walking around, expecting to get jumped at any moment? Feels like just another day in the ends to me.\" \"Where's he taking us?\" \"Dem's flat and then after Tia's flat.\" \"What make's you think we be any safer in them places?\" She questioned. \"You see once you get to Dem's flat but it's also not just about safety. Dem's been there every moment for us. If we got caught by the feds, she be there getting us out. We all got a key to her flat, it's our safe place and right know we need to know she safe.\" Jerome spoke, his energy running out as he spoke, it didn't help that they were running up the stair's. \"What about Tia's place.?\" \"Security gate.\" It was simply, they got along with Tia and the girls but they weren't best mate's. They were always putting them down especially Tia about what they did with their life. Tia and the other's never understood why they did what they did, Dem always did. They would still warn them about the aliens but Dem was different. \"She wouldn't be asking that question if she'd seen Dem fight. We don't even need the gate with Dem\" Dennis spoke to Moses as they finally got to Dem's floor. Floor 9, They turned the light on to be welcomed with the empty hallway. There at the end was number 58, Dem's door. Pest panted as he finally got to the floor with a sigh filled with relief. They caution took small step's just in case any aliens were to wonder around the corner then they could quickly dust back the way they came. They managed to get to the door with no sign of the alien's. Grabbing the slim black lace that was around his neck, Moses pulled it out to reveal a shiny silver key. He quickly unlocked the door to be welcome with a silent house, the light's were still on meaning she had been here earlier and had quickly popped out. He herald the door open as Dennis, Jerome, Sam and Pest quickly entered before slamming the door shut and locking it back up. Pest after entering had quickly made his way towards the chair that was in the corner, it was covered in plastic sheets as well as the floor that surrounded it. He smiled as he let his tired legs rest after running up the stair's and the chair helping his sore back. The other's gave out sigh's of relief as they sat on the dark red sofa that was in the middle of the room. \"Why is that section covered in plastic?\" Sam questioned having spotted the chair Pest was sitting in and the small square around the chair that was covered in plastic. \"Dem would brin' us back here if we were injured, the only two rules she has. No blood on the floor and no stranger's. She patches us up all the time, so she made a section to rest without gettin' blood on the floor.\" Jerome told her as he relaxed back into the sofa. \"Wonder were she went. Dem is always back here at this time\" Pest had asked the question that they had all been wondering. She might have been their age but she was like a sister or a mother to them, apart from Dennis. No one decided to answer, not wanting to know what might of happened. \"How you meet Dem?\" Sam asked, there was nothing to do until either Dem got here or the aliens. \"Nearly 2 years back, blood. We tried to steal her bag.\" Pest sniggered as Dennis shook his head. \"Big mistake, man. She was a tiny little ting, didn't expect her to fight back.\" Jerome continued on with the story, as Dennis sat with a slight far away look. \"We ended up with a couple of fractured arm's, wrist's. Our back's were sore and some of us, had black eyes and broken nose, Man.\" Moses chuckled at that memory, he had been the one with the black eye and broken nose. \"it wasn't till the next day, we found out she lived in dis block. She kinda took us in. Looked after us. It's a bonus that she get's along with our family.\" Sam couldn't understand how someone could befriend a gang that had tried to rob them but it wasn't her. \"And Dennis want's to make her his woman but he's to much of a pussy\" Jerome teased which ended with Dennis punching him in the shoulder. The sound of keys stopped their laughter before the door was shoved open. They all gasped with smiles as they watched Biggz come charging into the room, but the sound of some feet running across the floor alerted them to someone else and it wasn't a second later that a figure ran into the flat, slamming the door behind them. Relief was on everyone's face apart from Sam as they recognized the orange and blue hair but it was short lived as they spotted the dark red blood running down her side and her once white top, damp with dirt and blood. Dem staggered against the wall before her eyes caught the group of people in her flat. \"Yo, Biggz, we thought you was dead.\" Biggz quickly glared at Dennis. \"I called you 50 times, blood.\" He argued as he watched Dennis pull out his phone quickly. \"What's your phone doing on silent at a time like this for, fam?\" Biggz continued shouting until Dem placed a hand on his shoulder, to where he calm down, slightly. \"Where were you?\" Dennis questioned as he moved closer towards Dem. \"I was in a bin. The same bin I was at that time them boys from Aylesbury was after me.\" Jerome nodded having remembered that incident. \"One of them things were trying to headbang me out. Dem rescued me.\" They all turned to face Dem, who gave them a small smile as she piled her top together and pressed down on her wound. \"What happened to you?\" Sam questioned, her nurses instinct kicking in but it seemed like it was the wrong moment to announce her presence as Dem's smile disappeared on spotting her. \"Who the fuck is dis chick! What the fuck she doing in my flat! Moses, you know I don't like havin' fuckin' strangers in here, bruv. Get her the fuck out!\" They watched as Dem flipped, her angry pouring out. She forgotten all about her wound as she slowly descended on Sam. \"I want you to get the fuck out of my house, now bitch!\" Moses wrapped a gentle arm around her waist as he pulled her back. \"Dem, You seen them. We need all the help we can get, you get me? I promise this will be a one time ting.\" She spun round in his arm's with a glare before spotting the cuts across his face. \"What the fuck happened to you, man?\" She demanded as she placed a gentle hand against his cheek, lightly running a finger over the cut. He flinched slightly at the stinging pain. \"The very first alien, It attacked me but we killed that motherfucker\" There was cheers from Jerome and Pest as they watched Dem examine the cuts. \"Let me just get my equipment and I fix it up for you.\" She disappeared around a door and not a moment later was back with a large dark green bag. \"Yo, Dem. Can you fix my leg up after, love?\" She turned to face Pest who was sitting in the area she had marked out for the injured to see blood dripping down from his leg. \"Moses, I do Pest first then you, his is currently bleeding and there a chance he could die from blood lost.\" Moses quickly nodded watching as she took the bag towards Pest. Opening it up to reveal bandages, plaster's, tape, needle's, pins, disinfection and other equipment. He turned away to see Dennis, who had his eyes locked on Dem's figure. Shaking his head at his mate before he nudged him, Dennis head shooting towards the direction to see Moses sending him a smirk as his eyes flickered between Dennis and Dem. Dennis rolled his eyes before returning to Dem to see her wrapping a large white bandage around Pest leg, tying it up tightly before wrapping tape around for security. It always amazed them at how quick she was with her work but they were always glad she was there for them, there was no one else to go to if they were injured. Their family's would ask to many question's and then they be grounded. \"Yo, Dem. How you know about Biggz?\" Jerome question brought Dennis out of his thoughts as Dem turned to face Jerome before making her way over to Moses. \"I had been about to start some food when my phone went off. Then Biggz started talking real fast, to the point I had no clue on what the fuck he was saying, till I shouted at him to calm the fuck down. After deep breaths he slowly told me what happened.\" She tapped a small bandage against Moses wounds before standing up. There was nothing she could do apart from disinfect it and then tape it up. \"At first I through he was high, it wouldn't be the first time you lot phoned me, high as a kite. I told him to head up here but he said he was trapped in a bin because of the Alien. Still thought he was high so I made my way down. Imagine my fucking surprise at seeing some black, pure black motherfucker growling at the bin. Luckily I had brought my Long samurai sword with me which is still outside in the fucking alien. It took time but I managed to kill it but not before it left me this\" She pulled up her top slightly to reveal the wound. It was like Pest leg but much worst, they were deeper. Five puncture wounds above her hips and it was still dripping blood. She quickly got to work on fixing herself. None of them offering her help. She hated it, every time she had been hurt they had offered to help but she would simply shake her head and walk away. \"I was bare fuckin' scared, not for me but for Biggz. When I opened the bin there he was in the corner, holding on to his phone as if his life depended on it. Next thing I know he was jumpin' at me. Then we ended up getting' chased by another fuckin' alien, into the block. We dived up the stairs and then in here.\" She had placed a darker colour bandage over her wound and as soon as she taped it together, Biggz had his arms wrapped around her. \"Thanks Dem. That fucker, probably would of managed to get into the bin and I would have been a gonna.\" She lightly patted him on the back until he released her and sat on the spare chair that was next to the sofa. \"Just glad, all you lot are safe. Little damaged but still alive. Now any of you want to tell me what exactly is goin' on around here?\" \"First alien appeared and fucked up Moses face, so we killed that ting. Then more came, killed the feds then Hi-Hatz mate, Tonks. Chased Biggz into a bin, took a fuckin' chuck out of my leg. Hide in her house, it got in then we got up here. It's a alien invasion, love.\" He was quick to tell the short version of the story and that was one thing Dem loved about the kid. \"So what the fuck do we do?\" Dem question grabbed Moses attention. \"We need weapon's, then we heading to Tia's flat. The security gate.\" Moses chuckle upon seeing the smirk that appeared on Dem's face. She nodded before heading to the small cupboard that was behind the sofa. They watched with smirks and chuckle from Pest while Sam looked around confused. Dem slammed her fist against a certain part of the cupboard until it popped open to but it was to dark for Sam to see anything. Dem moved her hand before she felt metal and giving it a hard yank, a rack came sliding out. Sam gasp in shock and fear at seeing all the sharp swords that were stacked together, arranged from different sizes and shapes. Pest rubbed his hands together with a grin as he moved towards the rack who was quickly followed by Jerome, Moses and Dennis. None of them realized that Dem had disappeared until she enter with a long black box in her hands. \"This was going to be your present for next week, Den. But I guess you will need it now\" Dennis looked to Moses who shrug, he was as clueless as Dennis and it seemed so was Pest and Jerome. Dennis moved forward to collect the black box before laying it on the sofa with the other's crowding around apart from Dem who disappeared into her kitchen. He opened the lid slowly to reveal a long pitch black shiny sword and next to it was it's holder. He grabbed the handle that had some dragon's carved in before lifting it up, it looked heavy but the feel of it was light. The top of the blade was smooth as he ran a finger across but when he slid it under, blood ran down his finger, with a hiss he moved his finger's away to reveal a small cut. Lifting the blade up further to inspect the bottom, it revealed sharp dagger's that looked like shark's teeth, instead of the smooth sharp edge that was meant to be there. Near the bottom of the handle was where light was reflecting. He brought it up closer to his eyes to see. HB Dennis. Dem xox It was carved into the metal. Dennis smirked before giving the sword a light swing, it suited him and he loved it. Turning to place it back in the box when his eyes caught the sword holder before a hand appeared near his face. Moses lightly tugged on the sword until Dennis released it so he could have a look. Dennis grabbed the holder as he ran his finger's over it's carving's. It had a large red dragon twirled around the holder with gold glitter appearing out of it's mouth as flames twirled in the air. It was magnificent and he was impressed, it was probably the best present ever. \"Yo, Den. I found him earlier before I returned back here. He was injured but I managed to fix it.\" The gang looked up confused as well as Sam who had trouble taking her eyes of the sword. What exactly had she walked into? There in Dem's arms was Pogo, panting with his tongue hanging down. There was also a small white bandage wrapped around his back paw. \"Pogo!\" Den shouted as he passed the holder towards Moses before moving forward, his dog barking excitedly at seeing his owner. Dem passed the dog over watching as it licked Dennis face a couple of times before snuggling into his shoulder. \"He been asleep in my room for a couple of hours now. He should rest, no walks for awhil…\" She was cut of as Dennis brought her into a tight hug, he would probably be teased about it from Pest but at the moment he didn't give a shit. \"Thanks, thought I lost the dog. That motherfucker tried eating him, bruv\" Dennis spoke once he had released Dem from the hug, ignoring the smirks and chuckles coming from behind him. He placed the dog gentle on the sofa next to his sword. \"Pick your weapon's then we head to Tia's flat.\" Everyone listen as Dem spoke before they all moved to the rack as Moses pasted Dennis his sword. He was quick to grab the holder before attaching it to his back. While everyone else was busying picking up their weapon's, Dennis moved towards Dem once again. They didn't speak as he leaned down and lightly kissed her cheek in thanks. She nodded before grabbing a sword that was leaning against the wall, they were joined by Moses, Pest and Jerome who had each a new sword while Biggz herald two smaller swords. He quickly placed the light purple one back as he placed the green one on his back. \"If you even think about touching one of them, I will make certain that the alien's have you for dinner\" The glare that Dem was shooting behind them, made them all turn around to see Sam near the rack. \"Only family touches my sword. You... you can drop dead!\" Moses watched as Sam took another step towards the racks before he started to shake his head. Dem was not a girl to mess with, for fuck sake she had taken them all on when they had tried to rob her and that was one chick vs. five guys and they had lost. This was her home and they respected it and they had already broken one of her rules so she was defiantly not to be messed with tonight and the aliens had no clue on what was coming. Sam glared at Dem before she moved away from the swords. All she had was a small kitchen knife and it would not be much of a help, she just wanted to survive this night and then move far away from here. They all quickly piled out of the house, leaving Pogo, Dennis dog behind to keep it safe. A/N My character was finally introduced, yayyy. I'm actually happy with this Chapter. What part of the movie is your favorite? Don;t forget to review please.[Chapter 4] A/N Well the fourth chapter is up. I'm wondering if I should just stop? Can you please review and let me know how I'm doing? If you like it or hate it. Thanks. The reviews help me continue and four chapter and no reviews but thank you to the people that favourite and followed this. \"You ain't bringing all them in here. No. They're involved in something. Someone's chasing 'em. They got weapons. And, look, that one's bleedin'. And that woman. I don't even know her. I'm not getting myself involved in a situation I don't need to be in\" Dimples shouted as she pointed towards Sam. \"Dim, Let us the fuck in!\" Dimples quickly shut up upon realizing that Dem was standing with them. She moved out of the way as fast as she could while they quickly piled into the room as a bored look appeared on Dimples face but the gang all knew the reason. The first time they had meet, Dimples had taken the piss out of Dem's hair and it ended with her laying on the floor in pain. She had a fractured hip and a swollen cheek. She's been afraid of Dem every since. \"There's only one helicopter out there. Copper Chopper.\" Pest told them as he continued to stare out the window. \"Ain't even military. And it's only around these ends.\" Once they entered Tia's house they found a couple of other girls there as well, Dianna and Janet. Now Moses, Jerome and Biggz were sitting on the bright pink sofa as Dem sat in a small chair with Dennis sitting in front of her, her finger lightly running over his head. Dem and Dennis were closer then any other, every day they flirted and went out together but they were not actually dating, she was waiting for Dennis to ask her, even Moses, Pest and Jerome were waiting for Dennis to make his move but he never did and they didn't understand why. Dennis had been know as a player but when he had spotted Dem, that was it. Hasn't been with a girl since. Moses thought he had an idea on what was stopping Den from asking, the boy has never been in an actual relationship, none of them really have. They had their flings and that was it. If they got out of this shit alive then Moses was gonna whack that boy some sense. \"This ain't London-wide. This is localised.\" Pest moved away from the window, turning his back to the window so he was now facing everyone. \"Yeah, localised in your head.\" One of Tia's friend, Janet muttered. \"Localised in your dreams.\" Dianna commented while Dimples simply nodded. \"Drapsed by the feds? Yes. Big gorilla-alien-wolf monsters killing everyone? Uh-uh.\" She shook her head once she place the food down on the table before dropping onto the sofa next to Jerome. \"Maybe they only fell on these ends\" He tried to reason with her. \"Please!\" She scoffed folding her arms. \"What kind of alien, out of all the places in the whole wide world, would invade some shitty council estate in south London?\" \"One that's looking for a fight\" Dennis spoke as he toyed with the sword in his hands. \"They're coming for us. Ready or not.\" Pest spoke up trying to get the girls on their side. They needed every single pair of hands. Dimples and her friend started to sing, ignoring Sam that was trying to talk. Ready or not, here I come. You can ' t hide. They ' re gonna find you. \"Listen to me!\" Waiting until she got everyone's attention before continuing. \"There's a dead one in my living room. I live on the first floor. Go and look if you don't believe me. You can walk right in. There's no front door any more.\" Dimples ignored the woman as she focused her attention on Moses. \"Moses, when did you start going out with your maths teacher?\" They all started to laugh at the comment apart from Tia who was staring at Moses face. \"How d'you know that woman?\" She questioned, her eyes shooting between Sam and Moses and if Dem was to guess, Tia was jealous. \"We met earlier\" Sam spoke as she sat back down, staring at the knife. \"He mugged me.\" \"Whey! For real?\" \"That part I believe\" Dimples pointed out. \"That true? You rob that woman?\" Tia asked but Moses ignored her as he kept his eyes on the floor. \"Yeah. But afterwards she fixed my leg slightly and we saved her from the monsters. So…we're mates now and it's all sweet. We're heroes, innit?\" Pest turned around to face Sam with a smirk. \"Heroes?\" Sam leaned forward as she kept her eyes locked on Pest. \"Five of you and a knife against one woman? Fuck off!\" She was answered with a small dagger speeding past her face and nicking her ear slightly. She turned slightly to see Dem glaring at her. \"Speak to him again like that, and I make sure it's your fucking eye next!\" Dem warned before returning to running her hand over Dennis head while Pest smirked. They always wonder how many Dagger's she had stashed on her body but she always kept it a secret. \"Nah, Nah, Nah, don't build it up, luv. It weren't all that. We never even touched you.\" Dennis spoke up after seeing the hatred Dem had for the woman. \"The blade was to get it over with quick.\" Jerome moved forward so he could see Sam. \"We was as scared as you.\" \"Blade?\" Tia shook her head in disbelief as she continued to stare at Moses. \"You're such a was….\" She quietened down as she watched Dem twitch and she was quickly reminded of the blade that was buried in her wall before she shook her head, choosing to ignore Moses. \"Listen, we can't deal with this on our own. We have to call the police.\" They turned to face Sam once again. \"You can trust me. I'll tell them what really happened.\" Dimples chuckled at the strange woman as Tia spoke up. \"Think the police will help them?\" She folded her arm's, the grey jumper stretching slightly. \"They might not arrest you, but they'll arrest them.\" Dennis and Jerome nodded. \"For the murder of two police officers, vehicle theft, resisting arrest - Everything that happened everywhere in the ends tonight.\" \"They arrest us for nothing already\" Pest muttered before he turned towards the small sword he had chosen, it was a simply large blue sword and with some Chinese writing on the handle that he couldn't understand. \"You know what I reckon, yeah?\" Moses spoke, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees and his hands clashed together. \"I reckon the feds sent them, anyway. Government probably bred those creatures to kill black boys. First they sent drugs to the ends, then they sent guns. Now they sent monsters to get us.\" Everyone was silent as they listen to Moses theory. \"They don't care, man. We ain't killin' each other fast enough, So they decided to speed up the process.\" Pest took a puff from his smoke, puffing it into the air before muttering a quick 'Believe' which caused the girls to once again laugh at them. Tia glared at the smoke, pulling herself up from her seat as she stormed over towards the window. \"Pest, I told you not to do that! Do it out the window, yeah?\" \"It's pain relief. Ask Dem.\" Tia eyes shoot towards the figure that was still running her finger's over Dennis short hair, her friends still laughing as Tia turned back to the window. \"Excuse me, but what is that?\" Tia spoke, the laughter dying down as everyone stood up to face the window while Dennis pushed Dem behind him slightly, he knew she could protected herself but for now he was going to protected her for a while. \"Oh, my days!\" Dimples shouted as she backed away towards the bedroom, Tia was quick to follow while Sam and Jerome ran towards the kitchen with their weapon's. Jerome quickly grabbed a hold of Biggz and Pest, pulling them into the Kitchen. Moses grabbed his sword while Dennis pushed his red helmet on before grabbing his own sword. Dem stood behind him wielding her own as they waited for the first move. The aliens were the first to make the move, the first one diving against the window, glass being thrown everywhere as it dived towards Dennis, pushing him to the ground. The force pushed Dem against the wall before the screams started as another alien jumped into the room. \"Help! Hey, Moses!\" Dennis screamed as his sword dropped, the alien biting into his helmet with force as craps stared to appear. It was trying to twist his head. \"Ahhhhhhh\" \"Dennis!\" Jerome shouted as he pushed Sam and the other's further into the kitchen. Dennis knew he wasn't going to last, his helmet was cracking under the pressure. His short life flash through his eyes but there was no regret, the only regret he ever had was not making Dem his woman. He closed his eyes ready for the final hit when the struggle above him stopped until weight slammed down on him even further. He opened his eyes to see the two blue teeth slowly turning black but the alien was still and that was when he noticed the long sword poking out from it's side. \"No one fucks with my man!\" Dem growled before yanking her sword out from the head. She was quick to push the aliens body of Dennis, the weight having been crushing him. He laid there panting for a couple of moment's from having his near death experience as he twisted his head to see the other's. Moses was standing next to Sam who had a knife buried in an alien and there were loud thuds coming from the bedroom before the two girls exited. It seemed for now they had defeated these creature's and no one was hurt. Pest and Biggz slowly walked out from the kitchen. Dennis pushed himself up, his eyes just noticing the black craps around his helmet that were very closer to his head. It was a struggle but he finally manage to push the helmet of, it banging against the ground before rolling across the room until it finally stopped. Turning his head to see Dem standing there with her sword which was covered in dark blue blood panting. Not even taken a moment to think as he quickly jumped to his feet, ignoring his sword for now before he snaked a arm around her waist and brought her lips against his. It wasn't a gentle first kiss, no this one was filled with fear and relief. Fear at having nearly died and relief at having finally did what he wanted to do since he meet her in the elevator, days after trying to mug her. There lips moved against each other frantic as she placed one hand behind his head, bring him closer to her. A loud cough broke them out of their haze to see Moses standing near the bedroom with a smirk as the other's slowly started to appear. Dennis ignored Moses as he kept his arms locked around her waist, her body leaning against his own as they all stared at the aliens in the room. Biggz who had been silent through the whole thing moved away from the kitchen he had hide in. \"You know that little one you killed before?\" Tia questioned as she continued to stare at the creatures body. \"That was a mistake.\" \"They weren't going for us. They were going for you.\" Dimples shook her head before glaring at Moses. \"Actions have consequences, you know.\" \"Everywhere you go, bad things happen.\" \"Stay away from us, Moses.\" She muttered before her and her mates quickly left the room as soon as more screeches sounded around them. They all quickly followed behind watching as the girls ran towards the lift, pressing the button numerous times before they ran towards the stair's. Sam turned to face Moses who had placed his sword back in its holder while Jerome slammed the security gate shut. \"You should leave. I don't want no one to die\" Pest was shaking his head at Moses words. \"Fuck that, bruv. I got your back.\" \"I ain't going nowhere. We gotta kill all them things, bruv.\" \"You ain't getting' rid of me, Bruv\" \"Even those, I would rather be playing FIFA at this moment. I got you back, fam\" At Biggz comment about FIFA, Dennis and Moses chuckle. The kid was addicted to that game. Moses turned towards Dem, waiting her reply. \"Bruv, your family. Don't even think your leavin' me behind. You get me?\" Moses was quick to nod with a small smile. Before a bing interrupted them. They all turned to the elevator which opened to reveal Hi-Hatz and two of his mates behind him. Hi-Hatz was quick to pull his gun up before he started to firer at them. They all ducked, running around the corner, Dennis pushing Dem ahead of him. Sam was still crouched when one of the alien slammed against the security gate causing her to scream. \"Come on, Run!\" Pest demanded as he waved her towards him. She quickly jumped up, running towards the doors the others had disappeared to as the alien continued to slam against the gate while Hi-Hatz and his mates continue shooting at her. Once the door's closed all the group could hear were more gun shots and then screams before silent's surrounded them. They slammed against the lift, Moses pressing the button before the door slid open to reveal a young white dude panting in the corner, they remember the dude slightly from Ron's flat before they all dived into the lift, quickly closing the door. They stood there panting. \"Who was that?\" Sam demanded. \"That's Hi-Hatz\" Jerome the calmest one out of them explained. \"The man's a sausage\" Pest shouted. \"Why's he shooting at us?\" \"His best friend got ate and he's a bit vexed about it.\" They all jumped as the alien on the other side of the door slammed against it. \"I know exactly how he feels\" The reminder that if Dem wasn't there, they could of lost one of their own. \"Would someone please tell me what the fuck is going on?\" The man, they couldn't't remember his name, spoke. The smell of weed surrounded him. \"What's chasing you? Why is the other lift full of bits of dead people?\" Pest double tapped the ground button to cancel, which stopped the elevator in it's movement's. \"What you doing? We need to go down.\" \"I ain't going down. There's too many things down there out to get me, get me?.\" Moses stated as he stared at the doors. \"True say.\" Pest nodded. \"Bare police, crazy gangsters and fucked-up monsters down there.\" Biggz nodded as his hand tightened around the small sword, it was as big as his arm but he felt comfortable with it. The dude was quick to agree. \"Ok. Good. Let's not go down. Where can we go?\" \"We're going to Ron's weed room.\" \"What's Ron's weed room?\" Sam shrugged, confused and trying not to panic as everything crashed down. \"It's a big room full of weed. And it's Ron's. It's good.\" The man nodded to himself. \"It's good. It's like Fort fucking Knox up there.\" \"Plan\" \"19\" Pest pressed the button 19 and the lift finally started to move, the silent's was interrupted by a groan, all there heads turning to see Dem leaning heavily on Dennis. \"What the fuck's wrong with her?\" Jerome asked worry covering his face before he spotted the blood around her shoulder. \"She fuckin' bleeding, Brov.\" Dennis slowly turned her round as Moses lifted her top up, ignoring the black bra strap to reveal a gun wound as the blood kept pouring out. \"Fuck! One of Hi-Hatz bullet's hit her, Fam. We got to get her to Ron's now!\" Moses shouted as he gentle pulled the top down, Dennis wrapping his arm around her lightly. No they had to hurry, None of them could let Dem die, after everything she did for them. Them fucking aliens had no clue who they were fucking with. You fuck with them is one thing, but you fuck with any of them family, then your already fucking dead. Moses could see Pest and Jerome as well a Biggz sharing worried look's as there eye's kept shooting between the doors and Dem's limp body. Dennis ignored them all, keeping his focus on Dem, who skin was becoming slightly damp. None of them had even noticed that she had been shot, Dem didn't even show any sign's of being shot and now he felt guilt. She was his woman now and he was meant to look after her. A/N How ya like it? Do any of you think they should create another movie?[Chapter 5] A/N Thank you SmilyReaper for your review and here is the next chapter for you. Please continue reviewing and thank you. The lift slowly opened to reveal the floor number 19. \"Down the end.\" \"Raaaah\" They could see two of the aliens outside Ron's flat, letting out screeches. \"I am too high for this shit\" the dude shaking his head. Jerome quickly shut the door before they spun round so they were in a circle. \"I wanna shoot those things, man\" Pest dragged his bag to the middle as he fiddle with the clasp. \"Same here, bruv.\" \"Time's three.\" \"Time's four\" Biggz piped in. \"Done now\" They all nodded before once again opening the door as they all sprinted out towards the closest wall while Pest held three long fireworks in his hand. Pest turned the fireworks to Jerome to light them up before aiming it towards the aliens. \"Bangers, man, bangers!\" Pest demanded turning his bag to face Moses and Jerome. \"I'm Brewis, by the way.\" The man, now known as Brewis spoke. \"Sam\" She spoke as she watched Jerome search Pest bag for some bangers. \"I'm meant to be at a party in Fulham. Now I'm trapped in this bloody block.\" Pest grabbed a hold of the bangers as well as the lighter. \"What about you?\" \"I live here\" \"Really? Wicked\" \"Yo, Moses. What do we do about Dem?\" Moses turned round to see Dem fully leaning against Dennis, she didn't't look good. \"I go first, Then Jerome with Dem in the middle and Dennis behind. Biggz then Pest after with Sam and then The white dude.\" They all nodded, Brewis not even commenting on the white dude bit, it wasn't the right time. Moses went first with a large firework as the smoke appeared and the bangs dyed down until it was all silent. The lights slowly fading away. He quickly light the large one as he held It out into the smoke. \"Yo, Pest. Lights.\" They slowly turned on and he could hear the faint 'Go, Go, Go' from Pest but chose to ignore it as he kept his eyes on the smoke around him for any signs of the aliens. It was silently as they disappeared into the smoke, not even able to see there hands but there was faint whispers from each other but it was unclear. Moses, Dennis, Dem and Sam quickly found the way to Ron's door safely but there was no sign of the others. \"Pest, Jerome, where you at?\" Only screams were heard. Dennis gentle placed Dem against the wall to lean on as he followed Moses towards where Pest shout's were coming from. \"Aarghhhh!\" They both ran towards Pest who was on the ground trying to crawl away from the smoke, they both grabbed a arm not listening to his shouts. \"Follow me!\" Moses demanded trying to pull Pest to his feet. They quickly dragged Pest towards Ron's door to discover that Dem was missing. Dennis was quick to turn on Sam. \"Where the fuck is she, blood!\" He shouted, watching as Sam cowered back into the door. \"She heard your friend scream. She left to help.\" Even those she was cowering back, her voice was still strong. Dennis growled, which was followed with some curse before he moved to head back into the smoke. Moses was quick to stop him. He had turned round to shout at Moses when he spotted a large outline of something coming towards them, they ready there weapon with Pest next to Sam as the figure came closer towards them to reveal Dem holding Jerome up with a tiny figure trying to hold Jerome on the other side, he was hard to recognise with the large cut down over his lip but they could see that it was Biggz. They moved forward quickly, Moses grabbing a hold of Jerome and Dennis grabbing Dem while Biggz dashed towards the door. As they were helping their mates, Brewis managed to join them, panting before they started to bang on Ron's door. \"Yo, Ron! Ron!\" Moses started to bang on the door. \"Ron, man, let us in!\" \"Open the door, man.\" \"Hey, let us in, man!\" The door opened to reveal the slightly big Ron who looked slightly nervous. \"All right?\" \"We need to hide in your weed room\" Moses got straight to the point, not knowing how long the aliens will be up them stair's. \"It's the only safe place left in the block.\" \"I don't know about that.\" Ron chuckled before turning to look at something behind him. If Dem was with it and not slowly losing blood then she would of seen the sweat on Ron's face and the fear but at the moment she was leaning against Dennis. \"Ah, come on. Hurry up.\" Ron opened the door before it was pushed open by the group to reveal Hi-Hatz standing there pointing a gun at them. \"Wagwan, Moses?\" Moses was quick to face Ron who shook his head. Hi-Hatz waved his hand, indicating them to move forward and they did slowly while Ron shut the door behind them, as dark shadows quickly appeared. \"You killed that thing.\" \"Hi-Hatz, Bruv…\" \"You brought it in the ends.\" \"I don't want no trouble.\" He was trying to reason with Hi-Hatz but the man was not listening. \"You brought fed in the ends\" hi-Hatz hand tightened around the gun as he glared at the boy. \"Listen to me, Bruv.\" It seemed like Hi-Hatz had lost it at that moment as he started to chuckle, his hands shaking slightly. \"You brought an alien invasion to the ends.\" Moses eyes flickered to the window to see multiply aliens outside, his hand shooting towards his back, were his sword laid. Everyone copying him as they backed up. Dennis hand tightened around Dem's waist. \"Behind you, bruv.\" He tried to warn. \"Don't chat me\" \"I'm not even lyin'\" \"Shut up!\" Hi-Hatz demanded, \"I was gonna make you. Now…I'm gonna dead you.\" He pulled the safety of before pointing the gun at Moses once more, but as he was about to pull the trigger a flash of orange and blue appeared before Dem's figure was covering Moses. \"Don't you even fuckin' dare. If you harm Mos, then I won't fuckin' hesitated to kill you myself!\" Dennis went to move towards Dem when Jerome's hand shot out, grabbing a hold of Dennis shoulder. He was shaking his head towards Dennis while Biggz grabbed a hold of Dennis other shoulder. With a groan he backed away but kept his eyes on his woman. \"You best move Dem, This boy disrespected me. Got my mate killed!\" Hi-Hatz shouted but Dem wasn't moving an inch even as she felt Moses hand grabbing a hold of her hip, trying to move her but she wasn't moving an inch. \"This is my block. Get me?\" He questioned Moses. Choosing to ignore Dem for now. \"Not really\" Moses released his hand from his sword as he pulled Dem back further away from the window. The aliens gave of a loud screech which caused Hi-Hatz to spin around, spotting the aliens who were sticking onto the walls outside of the window. The group chose that moment to move, quickly diving towards the weed room as Hi-Hatz spun round firing random bullets of before the sound of glass braking again reach their ears.. They quickly slammed the door, ignoring the screeches and glass as they stood there panting. They all were sitting down, silent's ringing out around them apart from the noises coming from Dennis and Dem. Dennis had taken of his vest he had underneath his shirt so he could tie it around her wound to stop the bleeding, it was the best he could do till they get out of there. \"Wish I'd never chased after that thing.\" Moses was the one to break the silent's. \"Wish we never murked you. I wish I never took that white off Hi-Hatz. Wish I'd just gone home and played FIFA like you said\" Quickly nodding towards Biggz who was sitting on the other side of Dem. They all knew that Biggz was close to Dem, She was like a second mother to him but one that actually listen and believed him, not shouting in his face and she also accepted him for who he was and the way he acted. \"Anyone got skins?\" Pest broke the silent's as he looked at all the weed that surrounded them. \"No\" It came from everyone as Pest slammed his head against the metal table. \"Bare weed and no skins.\" shaking his head. \"This is my worst nightmare.\" He Muttered. \"Nah, bruv. Worst nightmare is being eaten by them motherfucker's.\" Jerome was quick to agree with Biggz, haven nearly been eaten by the aliens earlier. Moses ignored them as he turned to face Sam. \"Listen, yeah. We never knew you lived in the block. If…If we knew you, we wouldn't't have stepped you.\" \"It would have been Ok to mug me if I didn't live here? Is that how it works?\" \"Oi, He's trying to fuckin' apologise bitch. You don't know anything' about him, yeah. They do what they do for certain reason's, fam\" Dem argued, having leaned forward slightly to glare at Sam. She was protective of them and Moses was the one who always felt guilt for doing the simplest thing wrong. \"Boy, you's tetchy.\" Pest who was sitting next to Sam, shook his head. \"He's tryin' to apologise to you, man.\" Sam ignored him as she kept her gaze on Moses who had stood up, walking towards the little alien that had started it all. \"You're quite fit, you know\" Dennis shook his head at Pest, that boy was willing to go after anything with tits and a large arse and normal he didn't mind who he picked but Dem didn't seem to like the chick and Pest was always the one to do something, just so he could annoy her but it seemed she had some other deep hatred to the chick. If she was fully there, Pest would of gotten smacked. They all knew Pest did most of the things to annoy Dem, he always found it funny. Dem groaned as she moved to her feet, Dennis helping her stand. She lightly tapped his hand before she moved slowly towards where Moses stood, staring at the alien. Dennis understood, standing back as he watched. None of the boys could understand how Dem knew when one of them needed to be comforted, they always pretended everything was alright as it would just feel weird and uncomfortable to try and explain to each other on how they felt but Dem, she could always tell when they needed someone there and that was exactly what Moses needed. A/N Review please and thank you.[Chapter 6] A/N I'm sorry for the long wait but i had a family death and it has been hard but i finally got the next chapter up. Enjoy. Moses had been staring at the alien, guilt filling him up. If he had just left the alien alone, if they all had just gone home none of this would of happened. Hi-Hatz wouldn't of been trying to kill them, they wouldn't be running for their lives and Dem wouldn't of been hurt. They owed Dem so much, the days when his uncle did come round were hard on Moses but it was worst when his uncle left, no note, no message on where he was going or how long. His uncle never even left money for Moses to buy food and after the fourth time, Dem had found out and had demanded that Moses came to her flat every time his uncle left. He remember his bedroom, his uncle not giving him any money so he still had his car bed. His bedroom when you first head in was like a child's room, he had it from when he was 8 and once Dem had found out about everything, she had helped sort his home out. Now, he had a small single bed and actual food in the fridge, so he wouldn't have to order out all the time and his bedroom no longer looked like a child's bedroom. The days that the gang cherished were when they all were able to hang at Dem's she would cook them this big meal. She was an amazing cook and by the time they left, their stomach full. Their family's got along with Dem and when they were either busy or to tired to do much, they would send their kids to her flat knowing she could keep them busy while the parent's relaxed. The one thing that Moses loved about Dem was, She never forgot his birthday, unlike his uncle. Being so used to sitting at home and playing X-box when it was his birthday. He was shocked to open his front door and see Dem standing there with a large cake in her hands and his mates standing behind her with presents. She had gotten him a I-phone and ever since they meet they were a tight family after that. The one thing that had shocked them the most was when Dem had told them about her parent's. They all knew the lost of their's, One parent either leaving them or getting killed or as some, like Pest, having both parent dying. They were shocked to find out that Dem's parents had left her at the age of 9 and they couldn't figure out how she could bring her self up and still be this nice to anyone. They had all turned towards Drugs and Mugging once someone, they cared for had left them or died and here was a woman that had brought herself up and still respected and understood others. Moses shook his head, coming out from the memory's at the feel of a hand on his shoulder. He turned to see Dem giving him a pained smile, wrapping a arm around her waist so he could keep her up right as well for her to lean on him. A bullet wound was very painfully, he could remember. They both stood there staring at the ugly alien. \"It's not your fault, Mos\" He turned to see Dem staring up at him. \"Trust me, if I had somethin' this ugly, that had attacked me. Fuck, I would of beat the shit out of it.\" Moses smirked having a visual idea on what she would of done. Dem had some angry problems but that was what made her, her. \"I know, man. Just, you got hurt as well as Jerome and Pest. Dennis nearly got killed, bruv. If I had just left it alone then we all be waitin' for the day where you do that massive dinner group ting\" Dem chuckled as she lightly rubbed his back. \"Alright, Say you left this ting. They would of still came here and we would of bumped into it but at least this way we had an idea on what we facin'. We probably been to shocked to do shit and wouldn't have time to warn any others.\" She turned slightly, pushing Moses body around so they could look upon their mates that were still alive. Moses signed softly as his eyes ran over everyone of his mates. He was just glad they were alright. \"Raaah. Moses, Dem, your clothes gone rave.\" Pest called out finally spotting the slightly glowing lights on their clothe's. Brewis moved his hair to the right as his eyes blinked before looking towards the lights. \"It's glowing in the UV light\" Moses passed Dem over towards Dennis waiting hands as he lift his arms into the air to see the glowing patches everywhere and it seemed Dem had the same, Her blood shirt giving of bits of glows. \"Maybe it's some kind of pheromone.\" Pest turned to Brewis, confusion all over his face. \"Maybe it's a what now?\" \"Er…it's an eco-hormone that triggers a social response in members of the same species.\" Dem mumbled, just loud enough for all them to hear. Head's turned to face her, where Dennis had his arms round her. She felt Dennis slightly move and could guess that he was looking at her as well. \"I've been at Ron's plenty of time and all that git doe's is watch documentaries. There normal ain't nothing' else to do. I get bored there.\" She ignored Pest chuckle and Biggz who was trying to fight of a smile. Sometimes she would join them in Ron's room when they came here to smoke weed but she never smoked. They spent it relaxing in silent's while the TV was always on. \"Anyway, maybe that little fucker is a female and the others, that are tryin' to chew on our flesh, are the fuckin' male's.\" Brewis nodded before he crouched on one leg. \"and that….that….that stuff is what's attracting them here.\" \"They're smelling us.\" Sam spoke up. Brewis ignored her as he quickly climbed to his feet before turning to them all. \"They fell out of the sky, yeah?\" Biggz and Jerome nodded. \"Well, maybe they like drift through space on…..on solar winds, like spores, and…..whatever planet they land on first, the female leaves a pheromone trail for the males to follow it, find it, breed, et cetera. Like bees, like beetles, like moths.\" \"Some fuckin' funny-lookin' moths\" Dem commented, as she placed a hand against her wound. The bullet was still in there but the vest Dennis had tightened around the wound had stopped the bleeding for now. She was slightly worried on why Dennis was so quiet but chose to ignore it for the moment. \"Yeah. Well, whatever it is, you're covered in it as well as Dem and it seemed to be piquing the interest of a rather hostile alien species. I'm just….just saying, maybe if you both took those clothes off, they wouldn't know we were here\" \"You fancy them or something?\" Pest demanded as Biggz shot to his feet while Jerome staggered to his, they both stood in front of Dem while Dennis tightened his arms around her. \"You trying to get my girl naked, bruv?\" Dennis demanded, having snapped out of his thoughts at hearing that comment about his girl. \"Oi, you come anywhere near my girl and her clothe's, I make sure your fuckin' alien food, you get me?\" Brewis took a couple of steps away from the group until his shoulder banged into something. He turned round to see Moses glaring at him. \"No, I'm trying to save their life and ours.\" He looked around at all the glaring faces apart from Sam who was staring at her knife. \"and in answer to your question earlier….\" He moved back towards a blue bag that none of them had even spotted. He brought out some skins, before passing it over towards Pest who gave a happy sigh. \"Ah, thank fuck.\" Pest quickly ripped the paper opened. \"Bruv, I swear I will never cuss you again.\" He promised as he held out his fist, that Brewis was quick to slam his own against. Moses continued staring at his jacket. \"Yo, Brewis. Everyone who touched this thing got murked or nearly killed, you know - Dennis….Jerome….Tonks…Hi-Hatz….Biggz….Them feds when they tried to touch me, everyone who had that scent on them. Dem got it because I touched her.\" Biggz helped Jerome back to the floor as he listened to Moses. \"So if they follow the smell on that, then…Maybe I can lead 'em.\" None of them had seen Dem moved, not even Dennis who had been hugging her, she had moved so fast even with her injures that Moses hadn't even been expected the hard slap to his head, which caused his baseball cap to drop. \"You fuckin' crazy, boy!\" She shouted, angry covering her face as she stood in front of him. \"That's a fuckin' suicide mission, fam. There is no fuckin' way I'm allowin' this.\" Moses grabbed a hold of her flaring arms which seemed to calm her down slightly. \"I brought 'em here, I can lead them away Dem.\" He was tryin' to reason with her. \"Lead them where?\" At least she was shouting anymore. \"Somewhere I can blow them up. I killed that thing. I brought them in the block.\" She scoffed at him. \"What about you? They gonna fuckin' kill you, bruv! And I ain't fuckin' willin' to lose you. Your fuckin' family!\" \"Oi, You can trust me, Dem. There no way I'm allowin' them to kill me. Trust me, yeah?\" It was silent with Dem glaring at Moses as he tried to get her to trust him with his plan. \"You can slap me, shout at me, anything but I've gotta finish what I started.\" Please Review. Thanks.[Chapter 7] Next Chapter. They were quick to get started but Dennis still didn't agree with it. \"Moses, Why it have to be Dem? Send the other. Your putting Dem in danger here, man.\" Moses groaned, he could understand what Dennis was worried about, he was worried as well, if something went wrong. \"Den, She hurt and once she doe's this then she can go back to her flat and fix her shoulder. She in danger when she here. Already lost to much blood, bruv.\" He was trying to reason with Dennis but he knew it was pointless, Dennis would only be calm once Dem was back in his arms. He also didn't trust Sam to actually head to his flat, they was a chance where she would just leave, save herself. They had Dem change her clothe's which resulted in Brewis having a black eye when he tried to take a peak. Biggz and Moses had to pull Dennis of the white dude and now she was in Dennis t-shirt as well as some black short she had been wearing under neither her pants. It left Dennis shirt less but he wasn't complaining, as long as it kept Brewis eyes from her body. Now Brewis was shinnying the large UV light over her, checking to see if they missed any spots but it seemed all good. \"You look clean.\" Brewis commented has he pulled the UV light back. \"You look good.\" Pest muttered, Dennis quickly slamming his hand against the back of Pest head. \"You know, if your wrong about this, Moses and the other's will not waste any time to bash your head in, you get me?\" Brewis quickly nodded towards Dem who was slightly wobbling on her feet but managed to keep herself up. \"Believe me, I'd go out there myself if I wasn't so profoundly stoned\" Dem rolled her eyes at the white dude, She could bet that even Pest could managed to get past the aliens, even stoned but the problem was his leg. The white dude, Brewis was just a fuckin' pussy. She moved past them towards Moses and Dennis. \"One floor down. 191.\" Moses spoke as Dem placed one hand on her hip, glaring at him. \"I know where your flat is. I've been there plenty of times.\" He smirked before nodding his head as he past over a small silver phone. \"You bell me when you get there.\" \"Yeah.\" She shook her head softly, her orange and blue hair swinging. \"Even if you outrun them, even if you make it, How are you gonna get out?\" Moses was silent for a moment as he stared at Dem. \"Don't worry about me, man.\" He stopped at the sharp glare she sent him. \"Just get yourself out and back to your flat. I meet you afterwards\" Dem nodded before wrapping her arms around Moses waist. This might be the last time they see each other and even those Dem hated it, she knew that Moses wasn't going to change his mind. After she released him Biggz was there a second later wrapping his own arms around her waist while avoiding her injuries. They didn't speak as she gave a nod towards Jerome and Pest who were still sitting on the floor because of their injuries. They were all quick to move away as she turned to face Dennis who was glaring at the floor, once he realized that they were all gone, their backs to them. He wasted no time in claiming her lips. He was desperate and she could tell as she returned the kiss. He also couldn't get enough of her lips, having dreams about kissing her and now it was coming true just for him to have a chance where he might end up losing her. It was probably the one thing that she was happy about this alien invasion, it had brought them closer together and she just hoped that they survived. Dem gave a small moan as she felt his teeth dig into her lip. For that single moment, she pretended that she wasn't about to risk her life and that they were both at home and just enjoying each other but their moment was soon broken once again by Moses. He felt guilt but as soon as he blow these motherfucker's up then Dem and Dennis could spend as long as they wanted together and Moses could guess that it was going to be awhile until they see them again. \"Be careful, yeah? I just got ya, I ain't willin' to lose you.\" Dennis whispered as he ignored Moses, his eyes not leaving her face. She was his world and he was just gonna have to trust that she was safe from the aliens. Dem moved towards the door that was keeping them safe, taking a deep breath as she slowly opened it, the loud screeches becoming louder now. Moving forward as she quietly shut the door. There was loads of aliens filling the living room and each one was letting out loud screeches but she kept her eyes locked on the front door and if she had actually bothered to look, she would of seen many of them lifting the head into the air, it looked like they were sniffing but she didn't see any of it, to forcus on the door. She froze as a Alien appeared around the corner, right in front of front door and for a second she believe it was coming straight towards her, getting ready to run back towards the weed room until the alien took a sharp right before disappearing. It was her moment as she quickly dashed towards the door, ignoring the pain from her side and her shoulder as she struggled to unlock the door, its chains taking some effort before it opened wide and she didn't waist a moment, running down the hallway. Her feet echoing around her as she rushed towards where the stair's where located. She needed to hurry. Don't forget to review.[Chapter 8] A/N Last chapter then finally completed. Might do a one shot of them after but at the moment unsure. I'm looking for more reviews and im hoping this chapter will get them. Enjoy. Moses hadn't moved from his spot as he kept his eyes on the door that Dem had just left. Dennis was the worst, he couldn't seem to stand still, as he pasted on the spot, his head down and his hands buried in his pant pockets. He paid no attention to the cold, having given Dem his shirt as worry clouded his mind. Pest and Jerome couldn't even blame him. Biggz wasn't doing any good either, he was rocking on the spot with his head buried between his knee's. Biggz blame himself for involving Dem in this, if he had not called her, to come and save him from the alien. She would have been in her flat, save and sound and now, she was outside risking her life for them. Biggz promised himself that as soon as they were out and save he was going to buy her the biggest bunch of flower's to say thanks for saving us as well as sorry for involving you. They all blamed themselves for her involvement apart from Brewis and Sam who were in the corner looking between them all. They didn't know Dem so they didn't really have any love for her, especially Sam. The gang were meant to be protecting her and yet, here they are hiding while Dem was out there with the alien's. Moses phone went of, causing Dennis and the other's head to snap up towards him. They watched silently as he pulled it out before placing it near his ear. \"Yeah….Hasn't turned up yet…shut the hatch…Lock the window….Leave the front door on the latch….Turn all the gas all the way up…Get out the bl…..\" They watched silently as Moses paused before a panicking look appeared. \" Dem….Dem, you there? DEM! Get out now!\" He pulled the phone away from his ear before pressing a couple of buttons until it was on loud speaker. They could hear screaming and loud screeches coming from the phone. It took them a moment as they all were frozen before Moses rushed towards the door, only to open it to reveal….a empty flat. There was broken glass and wood everywhere as well as what was left of Hi-Hatz, with his blood across the ground but there was not a single alien around. They all slowly walked out, not making a sound apart from the screeches coming from the phone. Moses brought the phone up quickly. \"Dem! Get out of there now! The aliens followed you, get out of the block as fast as you can. You hear me?\" All he got in return was screeches and then the next Moses was shoving Brewis up against the wall. \"You said they wouldn't fuckin' follow her, you hear me? Why are they fuckin' following' her! Why?\" Brewis cowered back as Moses brought his face closer, still screaming. \"I don't know. I check, she had no pheromone on her. I don'…\" A look of shock appeared on his face. \"She hugged you, man. You still had it on you, You were going to draw them of so you never changed clothes. That's why. She got pheromone off you, not a lot considering she would have been dead as soon as she stepped outside.\" Brewis was rewarded with a hard shove against the wall as Moses quickly wrapped a arm around Dennis neck, who had been at the time about to dived towards Brewis. Moses had him in a headlock as he struggled to get free. \"Get the fuck of me Mos, I'm gonna kill that fuckin' bastard! GET THE FUCK OF ME!\" He shouted as he tried swinging his fist, hoping it contact with Moses so he could get out, kill the fucking white dude and then find Dem. \"No!\" Dennis growled as he struggled even more. \"You can deal with Brewis later, For now we got to find Dem, she got a shit load of aliens after her, fam. You want to waste time in killin' him while Dem could be dying?\" Dennis panted as he stopped struggling, slowly realizing that Moses had a point. Once Moses felt that Dennis had calmed down, he slowly realized his grip around the young Den's neck as he took a step back. It was silent for a moment as Dennis calmed himself down as Sam moved towards Brewis who hadent moved from the wall. Jerome, Pest and Biggz waited for their mates but it was useless as a loud scream reached them. Biggz and Dennis running out from the flat closely followed by Moses, Jerome and Pest who were slightly limping but they ignored their wounds, keeping their thoughts on Dem. Brewis and Sam were the last one's behind, they didn't feel like following them towards where a bunch of aliens fucker's were but they didn't want to be left alone either so they followed. Biggz and Dennis reached the stair's where the Screeches and Squeal were coming from, they wasted no time as they rushed down the stair's, jumping the last bit until they got to the next floor. Biggz skidded to a stop his eyes wide as he took in the hallway. Dennis came crashing down against his back before his eyes followed Biggz and fear shot through him. The others were behind and they all stood there, not knowing what to do. The whole hallway was blocked with aliens. They couldn't even see the floor only blackness and they all seemed to be trying to claw into a door that was opposite Moses flat. Moses front door was wide open and the faint smell of gas could be smelt. They jumped as Moses ringtone sounded around them, he was quick to pull it out, pressing a couple of buttons before coughs sounds reached them. \"M…oses, th..e fuck…ers got m..y leg….\" More coughing came. \"I'm in…the..fla..t. oposit..e yours…\" \"Dem, Hold on. We just on the stair's and the aliens have the whole hallway blocked of. We gonna have to blow it. Get to the further corner and hide. Once it's done, we come get you, you get me.\" On the outside Moses was calm, giving of his plans but on the inside, he was panicking. There was a chance with how long the gas had been on that it might still blow up the flat opposite his, where Dem was located. \"I…g..et.. You. I…bar..icad..ed the door\" Coughs and sound of chocking came from the other end. \"Don't….know h..ow long it will…last.\" \"Don't worry. We get you Dem, I promise.\" He clicked the phone before shutting it, everyone was staring at him and as he lifted his head, he caught the sight of the aliens turning towards them. \"Oi, Get down the stair's. I'm gonna light this fuckers up\" They all turned to see the aliens facing them, Blue glowing teeth aimed at them, before one of them opened their mouth wide and created the loudest screech they herd. It didn't take a moment before they were all charging towards them, the only thing blocking them at the moment were the double doors. Brewis, Sam and Pest were the first to move. Running down the stairs as fast as they could. Jerome was next as Biggz tugged on Dennis arm a few times before he reluctantly followed behind, there was no time for them to argue about Dem's safely and Dennis could only hope she was safe. Moses pulled out a large super firework that Pest had given him, he lite the small piece of wire before he slightly parted the two double doors and aimed it towards his flat. It took a couple of seconds before a loud bang erupted and the firework shot forward, he wasted no time. Jumping down the flight of stairs as the screeches became louder before a much louder bang sounded towards him and not a moment sooner he was thrown forward, the flames smashed against the double doors. They came flying of as Moses body banged into Dennis and Biggs who went tumbling down the last bit of stair to the next floor. They laid there for a couple of moments until the sound of Jerome and Pest feet come stumbling up the stairs they had been running down. Biggs had been thrown across the floor thanks to the force of Dennis and Moses body colliding into his. Moses was laying over Dennis legs, his whole body screaming at him in pain. He was pretty sure that he had banged his head slightly. There was no more screeches coming from the aliens and they hoped they had killed them fuckers. Pest helped drag Biggz to his feet while Jerome did the same to Dennis and Moses. \"Oi, Where Brewis and Sam?\" Moses asked having found no trace of them. \"They gone, man. Continued running.\" Jerome shrugged his shoulder, he was kind of disappointed when Brewis and Sam had continued running ater the explosion but he guess that they didn't actually know them or Dem very well and they had no reason to go back. Moses nodedd and turned his head slightly to see Dennis already making his way up the flight of stairs and back to the floor. They were quick to follow, Moses holding his sword in both his hands as they slowly climbed up. Dennis had his designed sword in one hand while the other was placed against the wall. In front of them, coming from the broken double doors were dark blue blood as well as large black aliens laying dead. Their glowing teeth dimmed to black. They all watched where they placed their feet, avoiding the dead aliens as well as the dark blue blood. Stopping as they all stood at the beginning of the hallway to be welcomed with the sight of multiply dead alien bodies, they laid on the ground, not moving and Moses flat was burnt, smoke in the air as the wall had a dark black crisp to it. There were a few bodies that still had small flames burning but they ignored that as their eyes locked onto the broken door, opposite Moses house. Dennis ignored Moses shout as he dashed forward towards the room. It was pitch black but there were broken furniture on the ground as well as glass and right near the door was fresh red blood. He tried hitting the light switch but it flickered for a moment before going out. He could hear panting which was then followed with a few coughs. Following the sound which lead past what he could guess was the kitchen, then the living room. Moses and the other had quickly ran towards the room before catching sight of Dennis figure disappearing around a wall. They were quiet as they slowly followed behind to where the odd noise were coming from. \"Dem….Where are you at?\" Dennis whispered into the dark room, he couldn't tell what room it was but the noise where coming from there. \"D…en?\" it was shaky but they could all guess who it belonged to. They turned towards where Dem spoke to see a black outline of a figure slightly moving. She had been leaning against the wall panting. Den was quickly towards her side, crouching down as he ran his hand over her face, ignoring the wetness. As he placed his sword on the ground. He couldn't see her but as long as he could hear her, then it proved she was alive. A bright light appeared, showing Moses holding his phone. Everyone copied, taking out their phone for more light but they wished they never did. There was Dem leaning against the wall but she was covered in blood, her blood. There were six long cuts against her stomach, her shirt [Dennis shirt] ripped and every time she breathed it seemed to double the amount of blood pouring out. She had one small cut across her cheek. Moses moved his phone down her body to see her left leg bleeding, there were teeth marks and it looked painfully, he could see a some of her bone. She was lucky it wasn't any further or it would have been broken but at that moment they needed to get her out of there now. The amount of blood she had lost before from her gun shot wound as well as the teeth marks on her side, if she lose anymore then she was sure to die. Moses didn't have to say anything as Dennis quickly but as gentle as he could, slid his hands under her body before picking her up. She rested her head against his shoulder as she relaxed. They moved quickly, entering the hall that was filled with the dead bodies. Biggz moved ahead towards the lift, pressing the button. As Dennis caught up, going as slow as he could so he didn't move Dem's body to much, the Ding went as the lift opened up to reveal bits and piece's of dead bodies, they could make out piece's that belonged to a human but at that moment, it wasn't the thing they were worried about. They all crowed into the lift before pressing ground. It was silent apart from Dem's heavy breathing, she was losing blood, it dripping down Dennis chest. It took a couple of moment's but the lift stopped and the door slowly opened to reveal feds aiming guns at them. \"Armed police! Drop your weapons! Hands on head!\" Everyone was quick to follow apart from Dennis, who kept glaring at the feds, his hands tightening against Dem's body. \"Drop your weapon now!\" They were soon in cuffs, including Dennis. They had quickly brought in a stretcher before taking Dem out of his arm's, he had tried to grab her back but he ended up finding a gun in his face and now they were all being dragged out from the block. \"Get off me!\" Pest shouted as the officer dragged him forward. \"Get off me. Aaargh.\" \"Stop resisting. Stop resisting.\" \"I ain't resisting. You're pushin' me over, man\" Biggz chuckled as he silent was dragged towards the fed's van. Dennis quickly spotted Ron who was being dragged out as well. It seemed they had caught him as well. \"I don't even live here.\" He declared as he was pushed forward. \"I am registered disabled. You're hurting me. What's your number? What's your number, huh?\" \"Oi, our Moses and Dem saved the planet! They saved the planet from alien invasion.\" Pest screamed towards the audience. Many people had gather outside upon seeing the police and it had Tia and her mates outside with Brewis and Sam waiting. They were all pointing towards Moses. \"They a Hero. They a legend.\" \"Why do you always arrest the wrong people?\" Biggz demanded towards the two female officers that were dragging him away. \"Moses is a hero, don't you get it? They both saved the block.\" he was ignored. \"Excuse me, sir.\" An officer was walking with Sam towards his captain. \"this is Samantha Adams, the woman that called in the mugging. The officer nodded before turning to face Sam. \"Miss Adams, I believe you were out with two of my officers earlier tonight?.\" She silently nodded. \"You know they lost their lives?\" \"Yeah. I was there. We were attacked.\" She pointed towards where Moses, Dennis, Jerome, Biggz and Pest were being dragged into the feds van. \"Thoses boys there, The ones you're arresting…\" \"Can you confirm it was them?\" The one that had taken her to his captain spoke. \"Don't let them intimidate you, Miss.\" \"No, I know them. They're my neighbors.\" she shook her head as she turned back to face the captain. \"They protected me, except for the women she tried attacking me.\" \"Moses! Moses! Moses! Moses! Moses!\" The people behind the tap started to chant, a few of them throwing their fists in the air. \"Moses, Bruv\" Pest grabbed Moses attention, who had been staring out the van with Dennis, as they watched the officer's wheeling Dem away into the back of an ambulance. He was quick to turn to face Pest who was grinning. \"Can you hear that? That's for you, man.\" They each shared a smirk, including Dennis as he finally realized that Dem was safe now. They had saved their home and Dem. It was there Block, Init! A/N Complete. There you go. Don't forget to reviw please. ","Summary":" A/N Hey Y'all, got another new Fict. Attack the block Whoop! I've had this on paper for awhile but "},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"Trapped in the Block","Author":"BABYLIBBY96","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7561009","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Walking down the dark street, I sighed nervously. Once again, I was out walking the streets of South London, looking for my douche-bag older brother. He was out somewhere with his friends, most likely mugging an innocent woman. Sure I pestered him about it constantly, but his defence was 'It makes me look hard'. Personally, I thought it made him look like a dick-head. But then again he was my brother, and no matter what, I always forgave him. His friends weren't any better, but they sure were fit, and always knew how to get into my good books. I was suddenly pulled out of my thoughts as a masked figure jumped out from behind the bushes, grabbing me by the waist \"Fuck off!\" I screamed. The person laughed and I instantly recognized the voice. \"Mika you shit yourself\" It was Pest...my brother's friend. And where Pest was, the rest were always somewhere close. \"Go on man\" My brother himself laughed, walking out from behind the bush with the rest of the boys. I rolled my eyes and punched them all in the shoulder. \"What was that for?!\" Pest exclaimed, rubbing his hopefully sore shoulder. \"For being a prick. All of you\" I shrugged. A pair of arms wrapped around my waist, and I found myself pulled back against a hard chest. \"Sorry babe\" The mystery person whispered in my ear. It was Moses. We had some flirty thing going on but we never really admitted it, never really crossed the ling into the 'going out' stage. But that may have been because my brother was his best friend. \"Nice to see you too\" I whispered, a tingling running down my spine. \"Aye, aye. What's goin' on 'ere then?\" Pest asked amusedly. \"Nothing to do with you, love \" I retorted. For some reason, Pest added the word 'love' to the end of his sentences, especially when chatting up girls. So whenever I could, I'd use it in my sentences to wind him up. \"Ha, ha\" he replied sarcastically as the boys laughed. \"What you boys up to anyway?\" I asked curiously. \"Waitin' for a someone to come by\" Jerome answered. \"Guys\" I groaned. \"Come on Claire, we won't hurt 'em I swear\" Pest reassured. \"Alright but I will be watching\" I warned, they all nodded. \"Thanks love\" Pest sighed, wrapping his arms around my waist. Rolling my eyes, I hugged him back. But the flirt just had to slide his hands lower, and lift me further up against him. \"Oi, watch dose 'ands Pest dat's my sister\" Dennis said, his tone both amused and threatening. Pest released me, letting out a small whine as he did. I rolled my eyes in amusement, but something down the street caught my attention. Turning my head, I spotted a woman heading our way. As she noticed the boys, her eyes widened slightly. Did I blame her for looking at them that way? Not really. I'd be exactly the same in her position. After all, they were pretty intimidating when together...which was all the time. \"Mika, get behind dat bush. An' don' come out 'till I tell you to\" Dennis instructed. I sighed but nodded, crouching down behind the large bush. After about 10 minutes of being crouched behind a bush, a loud crashing noise filled my ears. It was followed by a bright light that just about blinded me. Gasping in surprise, I jumped to my feet and walked out from behind the bush. The woman the boys had been mugging was running away, but I didn't care about her in that moment. The boys were all on the floor, shards of glass covering them. My eyes widened at the sight in front of me; The closest car looked as though it had been petrol bombed \"Fuck me\" I whispered, slowly approaching the group. \"Somebody's bombin' us blood!\" \"Nah man it's just a fireworks init\" The boy's said, one after the other. \"Nice hit, could be bare valuables in there\" Moses nodded. He pulled on the car door, but it wouldn't budge. So instead he settled on climbing through the smashed window. But after only a few seconds of searching, he jumped out with wide eyes \"Shit! There's something...\" he was cut off as a small animal jumped out of the car, successfully knocking him to the floor. I jumped back, narrowing my eyes in confusion. I'd never seen an animal like it, it looked like some small-white-orang-utan. As I pondered over just what it was, it had managed to scratched Moses' cheek. But he pulled out his flick-blade, shoving it into the animals side. It squealed in pain, jumping away from him and running up the hill towards the park. \"What the fuck was that?!\" Pest exclaimed. \"Some orang-utan type fing. I ain't even lyin' brov\" Jerome said. \"Moses got shagged by a doggy\" Dennis said amusedly, the boy's chuckled and I turned to the now-stood Moses. \"I'm chasin' dat down. I'm killin' dat, watch\" he said wiping the blood from his cheek and nodding. We ran up the hill towards the park, the boys shouting random crap. They were obviously very excited about this, why they were so excited was beyond me. But they were a gang in South London, the idea of beating something up was like Christmas for them \"Yo Pest, you got them bangers?\" Moses asked angrily. Clearly his pride had been wounded by the white-ape attack. Pest lit up a banger, throwing it into the shed where we could hear the white-ape. Loud screeching reached my ears, along with the sound of the poppers. Moses ran into the shed, demanded that we stay back while he 'killed it' \"Hey back me back me!\" he shouted. The boys ran in and the only thing I could hear was screeching, shouting and banging. But suddenly, it all stopped. For a moment I was concerned, at least until Pests' complains rang out. \"Oh, nah man! Dat fing fell outta the sky, you tryna tell me it's rainin' monkeys?!\" Pest exclaimed as they excited the shed. Moses held the strange, now-dead animal on a large stick. \"You know what that is? That's an alien brov believe it! Musta come from outer space to take over the earth init, when it landed in the wrong place though you get me? The wrong place\" Pest said. \"Welcome to London mother fucker\" Dennis spat...they were all laughing by this point. \"This is the block, and no one messes with the block\" Pest added, they started to chant 'brap' and I rolled my eyes boredly. \"Do what you want but you bring that thing anywhere near me and I will kill you\" I threatened, they all nodded and Moses handed Pest the alien. \"Com 'ere Mika\" he said opening his arms, I shook my head. \"I'm okay\" I shrugged turning away from him. But refusing to take 'no' as an answer, he tightened his arms around my waist so that I couldn't get out. \"Let me go\" I groaned, it was probably hard to take me seriously when I was laughing. \"Nope I want a hug for savin' you\" he shrugged. \"From what?\" I asked, looking back at him. \"Dat ting\" he replied, motioning to the white-ape-thing. \"Okay\" I sighed. He loosened his hold, allowing me enough room to turn and face him. Once I did, I wrapped both arms around his waist \"You satisfied?\" I asked pulling back, he smirked. \"It'll do for now\" he shrugged. - A Short While Later - I followed the boys down the street, Pest being the one to drag the alien home \"Yah wanna know somethin' Mika?\" Moses asked, slowing down to walk beside me. \"What?\" I asked curiously. \"You're quite a fit girl\" he said, taking a long look at my body. I raised my eyebrows. \"I don't know weather to be insulted or flattered\" I admitted as we walked on. \"I'd take it as flattery love, I don't say it to everyone yah know\" he said, I nodded. A sudden stinging sensation ran through my ass, and a loud slapping sound echoed through the street. Moses ran ahead, a cocky smirk on his face. \"Oi! Let me know next time, yeah?!\" I shouted, they all laughed...including my brother. Rolling my eyes, I quickly ran forward, jumping onto his back. My hands gripped his shoulders, and my legs locked on his waist. Not even the least bit effected, he took hold of my thighs to keep me up. \"I ain't sorry\" he shrugged, I chuckled and let him carry me to our destination.[Chapter 2] The boys explained that they wanted to drop by and see the girls before heading home, which meant that we were taking the long way around. And in all honesty, I could not be bothered \"A'right darling, you can let me down now\" I said, patting Moses' shoulders. His grip loosened, allowing me to slide down his back onto the floor. \"Where you goin'?\" Pest asked curiously, noticing that I was heading straight up, instead of turning right. \"Home. No offence, but I'm freezing and not in the mood to take the long way. Sorry lads\" I shrugged, he nodded in understanding. \"Later Mika\" Dennis nodded. \"Hmm, I'll tell dad you're fixin' your bike or something\" I reassured, he nodded in thanks. \"Bye boys\" I waved, walking backwards. \"Bye Mika\" They replied in unison, I smiled in amusement and headed home. - Short While Later - Lying down on the living room sofa, I stared at the telly boredly. It had been about twenty minutes since I'd gotten home, and nothing was on the TV. The front door slammed open and I jumped, rolling my eyes as Dennis ran in. Dad was in the kitchen cooking himself some tea, and mum was out working \"What's going on?\" I asked as my brother passed by, rather quickly might I add. \"There's more aliens\" he replied, pausing to explain. \"I'm coming with you\" I announced, pulling on my trainers. \"No Mika\" he said. \"Give me one of the swords and suck it up bro\" I shrugged, tilting my head and crossing my arms. \"Fine\" he sighed, rolling his eyes in annoyance. \"Dennis, Mika! Take your dog out!\" Dad demanded. \"We can't!\" I replied. \"I'm not asking!\" I rolled my eyes and grabbed Pogo's leash off the hanger. \"Pogo come on\" I called, crouching down to the floor. The black and white spotted Rottweiler ran towards me, his long pink tongue hanging out \"Good boy\" I giggled, clipping the leash onto his red collar. \"Mik' man hurry up!\" Dennis exclaimed impatiently. \"Fine\" I sighed, rising to my full height. He sighed in relief and we exited the flat. Apparently Dennis and the boys were in a hurry, as we got down those stairs in about 10 seconds. It was saying something considering we lived on the 9th floor, and there were 19 floors all together. As soon as we got outside I found the rest of the boys already there, each of them on their own vehicle...except Biggz. Moses had a BMX, Pest had a BMX, Dennis had his Pizza-Delivery scooter and Jerome also had a BMX. I assumed Biggz was riding with him as he was the only one with pegs on the back wheels \"What's she doin' 'ere?!\" Biggz asked with wide eyes. \"She wanted to come, stop hypin' man\" Dennis shrugged, mounting his scooter. I placed Pogo into the delivery box, settling myself behind Dennis. \"Let's go kill dem man! Kill dem all!\" Pest exclaimed excitedly, I rolled my eyes at her hyperactive behaviour and we took off down the street. - A Few Minutes Later - We soon arrived at our destination, the park, and rode towards a large boulder. But as we got closer, I realised it was a meteor. It was steaming slightly, and some pieces were still glowing from previously being on fire \"Yo shine the light\" Moses said. Dennis moved forward, shining the scooter light on the meteor. It appeared to be cracked in half, and some kind of fossil had dented the inside walls. Swinging one leg over, I cautiously approached the meteor. The fossil looked like the little-white-alien the boys had killed before, but with a small twist; It was bigger...much, much bigger \"Right now I feel like going home, lockin' my door and playin' FIFA\" Biggz admitted. A loud roaring echoed through the park and we all lifted our heads, staring at the direction it had come from. Pogo barked, jumping out of the box and running towards the towers. \"Pogo no!\" I screamed, moving forward to chase my beloved dog. But I didn't even get three feet before someone dragged me back. \"Don't Mika\" Moses said, his arms tightening around my waist. Something large jumped down from one of the towers, and Pogo's whimpers rang out. \"No!\" I shouted, tears filling my eyes. \"Pogo!\" Dennis shouted, just as infuriated. \"What's it doin'? Where's it gone man?\" Biggz asked nervously. \"It's coming!\" Moses exclaimed, his grip on my waist loosening slightly. Two neon-blue dots appeared in the distance and I squinted, guessing that they must've been the creatures eyes. \"I can see it's eyes\" Dennis said in slight awe. \"Not sure them thing's is eyes\" Moses said, shaking his head. The eyes seemed to stretch wider, until we realised exactly what they were. They weren't eyes, they were teeth...razor-sharp teeth. A lour screeching sound rang much, much like the littler aliens screeches. The boys jumped, immediately mounting their vehicles again. \"Mika! Get the fuck on this bike!\" Dennis shouted. Without any hesitation, I jumped onto the scooter and we took off. - A Few Seconds Later - As we drove down the street, loud police sirens reached my ears. Looking back, I realised that a large police van was chasing after us \"Mik' hide your face!\" Dennis instructed. I hid my face in his back, hoping to god that the coppers didn't see me. We drove up onto the walkway and jumped off the bikes/scooters, ducking behind the wall. But as I was about to hide, I realised that the police were arresting Moses...he'd been caught \"Yo fuck the 5o!\" Pest shouted angrily, the boys shushed him and pulled him down behind the wall. \"Oi behind the cars, check it!\" Dennis said pointing, we looked to see the alien running down the path towards the police van. \"The roof!\" Biggz exclaimed, I looked to see one crawling down the side of the building too. Glancing behind me, I double-checked to make sure none of those things were advancing towards us. But as I inspected our surroundings, a banging sound caused me to jump in surprise. I turned my head to see one of the aliens had pinned a copper to the back of a van. Another appeared, jumping onto the one near the door, the one on our view. Using it's jaws, the alien proceeded to rip out his stomach and throat. Horrified at the scene, I screamed. But a hand quickly covered my mouth, turning my head away from the mauling. \"Mik', look at me yeah\" Dennis demanded, I nodded and stared at him \"You gotta be quiet, don' want dem fings to know we're 'ere\" he sighed. I nodded again, tears rising in my eyes. \"Shit man! The fed's got savaged, we need to help Moses man!\" Pest exclaimed. \"No way brov, I ain't going no where near none of that\" Jerome objected. \"How do we help him?\" I asked, wiping a few running tears away from my cheeks. \"Fink, what scared the other one\" he re-capped, digging through his backpack. \"Bangers ain't gonna do nothin' fam!\" Dennis exclaimed. \"I ain't talkin' 'bout bangers\" Pest shrugged, pulling out a large firework. Dennis shoved a hand into his coat pocket, eventually pulling out a well-decorated lighter. Pest held the large banger, while Dennis attempted to light it. \"Hold it man!\" Dennis exclaimed irritatedly. \"I'm the one with the shakes you hold it steady\" Pest replied defensively. Rolling my eyes, I took both objects from the boys. I easily lit the banger, standing up for a moment to throw it down towards the van. The boys popped up either side of me, and we watched the firework go off, causing smoke to flood around the police van. Alien screeching was heard and I realised that the fireworks was actually effecting them \"Go on Mika\" Pest nodded impressively, I smiled. \"Yo cover me fam!\" Dennis said, he climbed onto his scooter and my eyes widened. \"What the fuck are you doing?!\" I asked nervously. \"Keep an eye on Mika!\" Dennis exclaimed before speeding down the walkway. \"Dick head!\" I shouted angrily. Running my hands through my frustratedly, I reluctantly watched from my spot on the walkway with the other three. The smoke had, by this point, completely covered the van. I couldn't see it at all, which was a little worrying considering my brother was about to ride into it. He soon disappeared into the smoke, a samurai sword aimed out. Pest and Biggz took out two small-ish rockets, lighting them and shooting them towards the van in hopes to scare away the aliens. Judging by the screeches, I guessed that they were working \"Fuck, fuck, fuck\" I muttered, biting on the sleeve of my jumper nervously. After a few seconds, the police van sped off down the street, and with the wild driving it was obvious that my brother was at the wheel. \"Eh it's Dennis!\" Biggz exclaimed, holding his phone to his ear. \"Tell him he's a fucking idiot\" I snapped, crossing my arms angrily. \"He's a'right Mik', calm down\" Pest shrugged, picking up his BMX. \"He said to meet 'im at the garages\" Biggz explained, pocketing his phone. Jerome and Pest climbed onto their BMXs', driving down off the walkway. Biggz and I were left to run, but as we reached the bottom I realised Dennis had left behind his scooter \"I'm driving\" Biggz stated, lifting the scooter. Rolling my eyes, I spotted a familiar snap-back on the floor. \"Oi, ain't that Moses'?\" I asked curiously, gesturing to the hat. \"Nice eye Mik', he'll want dis\" Biggz picked up the hat, handing it to me as he mounted my brothers scooter. Once he was settled, I climbed on behind, wrapping both arms around his waist \"Comfy?\" he asked. \"Not the time\" I sang, he nodded in agreement and we sped down the road.[Chapter 3] We turned the corner, driving into the garages but suddenly stopped. The copper van was right in front of us, but it seemed the boys had accidentally crashed into someone on their way in. Dennis and Moses jumped out of the van, just as another guy climbed out of the now-fucked-up car. He cocked his gun, storming towards Moses as a larger man got out of the passenger seat. I climbed off the scooter with Biggz, making sure to stay close to him as we approached the obviously-pissed off gangster \"Hi-Hatz it was an accident brov...\" Moses started, shaking his head. It was then that I realised his hands were cuffed behind his back. \"No man, listen...\" As Pest proceeded to tell what had to be the most fake-sounding story ever, I inwardly face-palmed myself. There was no way the guy was going to believe it. I was having a hard time believing it and I'd seen it all with my own eyes. It was obvious that this 'Hi-Hatz' guy didn't believe us from the slightly amused expression on his face, though I couldn't say I blame him. With how Pest sounded in that moment, I wouldn't of believe it either \"...We're runnin' for our lives now cuz, believe!\" Pest finished, his tone slightly pleading. \"You jack a bully van, crash it into my whip an' den chat shit 'bout aliens to me?\" Hi-Hatz exclaimed angrily. \"Makin' me nervous blud, dat boy's still cuffed yah know, police are gonna be all over this\" Hi-Hatzs' over-weight friend shrugged. \"You tryna snake me?\" Hi-Hatz accused, aiming his loaded gun at Moses' head. Instinctively, the boys pulled out their weapons, ready to defend Moses if needed. Hi-Hatz chuckled, his eyebrows raising in disbelief \"What? You wanna bring arms to me now? You wanna murk me? You wan' a war wiv me?\" he asked, once again aiming the gun. \"Listen to me bruv, I'm not lyin'. And if I was, don't you fink I'd make up somefin' a bit better than aliens?\" Pest shrugged. He did have a point. \"You say dat word one more time\" Hi-Hatz threatened, glancing at each of us. Once his eyes settled on me, he smirked slightly \"An' I shoot 'er\" he finished, aiming the gun at my head. My eyes widened in horror and loud alien screeches were heard. \"I told you bruv! On the roof if you don't believe me!\" Pest exclaimed. \"What? What's on the roof?\" Hi-Hatz asked, waving his gun at me warningly. \"One of them...\" Pest paused, unsure of what he should say. \"Say it\" Hi-Hatz demanded. \"One of them...big, gorilla, wolf motherfuckers!\" he exclaimed, my eyes narrowed in disbelief. The screeching was heard again, and this time we all flinched. \"Yo Hi-Hatz, there is somefin' there bruv\" His friend said, staring down the long hall of lockers. Hi-Hatz looked back, an expression of boredom on his face. \"Yo, go see what dat is\" he said, still staring down the hall. \"No way bruv!\" His friend exclaimed. Hi-Hatz aimed the gun at his friend instead. \"Move!\" he demanded. \"Shit\" The guy muttered, reluctantly heading towards the back of the crashed car. We all watched intently as he slowly approached the back of the car, including Hi-Hatz. And even though a loaded gun was aimed at my head, I found myself unable to look away from his friend. He soon reached the back of the car and looked around for any sign of movement \"Yo Hi-Hatz bruv, there's nothin'...\" he was cut off as a large figure smashed into him, both of them slamming into one of the garage doors. We all jumped, and thankfully Hi-Hatz lowered his gun in shock. My eyes widened as the alien snapped it's jaws, soon managing to sink it's teeth into the guy's neck. It slowly pulled back it's head, tearing away most of the mans throat as it did. Hi-Hatz stormed towards the alien, firing his gun. But as he was occupied, it gave us a chance to run. \"Mika! Move your fucking ass!\" Someone shouted, it sounded like Pest. Tearing my eyes away from the scene, I finally managed to get my legs moving and run with the rest of them. - Few Seconds Later - \"I told you man, alien invasion I knew it from the start!\" Pest exclaimed. I watched nervously as Dennis attempted to break Moses' handcuffs with a large fence cutter. We'd stopped in Dennis' locker-garage to get off the handcuffs, and decide what the fuck to do next. Though the other boys had very creative ideas about what was going on around here, and it all sounded insane to me. \"Those vans 'ave got tracker beacons, police are gonna be here any minute!\" Biggz exclaimed nervously. \"We're fucked! When the feds find that van, them bodies we are fucked\" Jerome sighed. \"Nah, coz if it's happenin' all over then the police are gonna be too busy tonight yah get me?\" \"International emergency, army on the streets, helicopters, all that '28 days later' shit\" Finally, my brother managed to break Moses' cuffs. \"We need to get off the streets, back in the block. Like none of this ever happened\" Moses instructed, turning to face us. \"Yes boss, back in the block\" Pest shrugged, I rolled my eyes. \"And how the fuck are we supposed to get there, hmm? Not only do we have aliens after us, but now we got a pissed of gangster to deal with. So please, do let me know some bullshit plan about how we're supposed to get back\" I snapped, crossing my arms. \"What the fucks up wiv you tonight? Youse all bitchy!\" Pest exclaimed with narrowed eyes. \"Call me a bitch again, I fucking dare you\" I glared, moving forward threateningly. It didn't matter if I was a girl, or his best friends little sister, Pest was not backing down from it. Instead he moved even closer, staring me down. \"We ain't got time for dis! We need to get back!\" Jerome exclaimed, playing peace-maker. \"But how are we s'pposed to do it wiv all dem tings out dere?!\" Dennis asked. \"That's suicide man!\" Biggz added. Moses nodded, mutely placing the snap-back onto his head. Soon enough, the boys were all on some kind of fast-moving vehicle. Well...all except Biggz and Jerome. Moses had a dirt-bike, Pest had a mini-motorbike, Dennis had the Pizza-Deliver scooter while Biggz and Jerome were left with the BMX. I had absolutely no idea who I was riding with, but after out previous confrontation I knew it wouldn't be Pest \"Mika, you'll ride wiv me\" Dennis instructed, I nodded but a hand on my shoulder prevented me from moving. \"Nah, she rides wiv me. You concentrate on yourself\" Moses said, my brother sighed in thought. \"Can't I choose myself?\" I asked irritatedly, both boys completely blanked me out. \"Fine\" Dennis groaned. Rolling my eyes, I climbed onto the bike behind Moses as Biggz opened up the garage door. \"You know what?\" Pest asked, pulling the string to start up his bike. \"What?\" Moses asked curiously, revving his own bike. \"I'm shittin' myself init, but at the same time...\" Pest paused and I rolled my eyes. \"What?!\" I repeated impatiently. \"This is sick\" He finished, pulling the scarf up to cover his mouth and nose. Moses did the same and my arms tightened around his waist as we sped out of the garage. - A Few Minutes Later - As we pulled into the main entrance of the block, I jumped off the dirt-bike, pulling open the door. Moses climbed off his bike, both of us running into the main entrance of the block. A few seconds after we arrived, Dennis appeared on his scooter. I moved back from the door, allowing him enough room to drive through. Jerome soon joined us...but without Biggz. And soon enough, Pest popped up. He ran towards us, the boys shouting for him to hurry up. Close behind, the alien was advancing on him. But Pest managed to get into the block and close the door, so the alien would only smack into the hard door. But unfortunately for Pest, it didn't work out that way. The large alien smashed it's head through the glass part of the door, locking it's jaws onto Pests' leg. He fell to the floor from the impact and my eyes widened slightly. Pulling a metal baseball-bat out of his backpack, he repeatedly smashed the alien over the head with it. And thankfully, it soon let go and ran back the way it'd come. The boys took hold of Pests' arms, dragging him up the stairs, though he left a lovely blood trail behind as he moved. Peeking around the corner, I inspected to see if the alien had come back through. I jumped in fear as glass shards flew across the main entrance, a sign that[Chapter 4] Turning the corner with the boys, I realised we were only on the first floor. But it might've been better than dragging Pests' bleeding leg up to his flat, which was on the tenth floor. As we walked, I noticed a woman staring at us with wide eyes. She frantically unlocked the door as Moses ran towards her, lunging inside as quick as she could. Moses and Dennis pushed open the door, allowing us to enter the small flat. Jerome placed a groaning Pest down onto the sofa, pulling out his phone afterwards \"Somebody bell Biggz! Where's Biggz?!\" Moses exclaimed, pulling out his own phone. \"I got one text left!\" \"I got no credit, nutin!\" \"Just call everyone fam, in-case someone calls back!\" \"This is too much madness to explain in one text!\" \"Fucking hell, shut up!\" I exclaimed, rolling my eyes in annoyance. \"Don' tell me to shut up! I'm bleedin' to death down 'ere!\" Pest shouted over-dramatically. \"Oh stop bein' so dramatic\" I groaned irritatedly. \"What do you know bitch!\" he exclaimed, I glared down at him. \"Call me a bitch one more time an' I swear to fucking god you'll 'ave more than a bad leg to deal with\" I threatened, he narrowed his eyes. \"Both a you jus' calm!\" Dennis exclaimed, obviously annoyed with our constant fights tonight. \"Get out of my fucking flat!\" Turning around, I found that the woman had re-entered the room. She held a brown guitar in her hands, positioning it like a baseball bat. \"Shut up man\" Dennis muttered, shaking his head and turning back to his phone. The rest of the boys glanced once before carrying on, they couldn't have cared less. \"I said, get out!\" she repeated. \"Yo snitch, calm yourself. This aint about you no more\" Moses shrugged. \"Come anywhere near me and I swear I will scream this fucking block down\" she threatened. Sighing boredly, I entered her kitchen. \"Listen, there's worse things out there to be scared of than us tonight, trust!\" Jerome exclaimed. Pulling open the cupboards, I soon found the one with all the glasses and cups. I pulled out a glass, filling it with some Pepsi I'd found in her fridge. \"Do you mind?!\" she exclaimed, I looked up and found her glaring my way. \"Not really\" I shrugged, taking a sip of my drink. \"Bruv, I saw 'er ID card thingy. She's a nurse init\" Dennis told us. \"Help me then! I need this leg, I need it to be able to run away from them fings!\" Pest exclaimed. \"You think I'm going to help you? After you attacked me, robbed me and set those dogs on the police?\" she asked disbelievingly. \"I thought you looked familiar\" I sighed in realisation. \"Yes to the first two no to the last one\" Dennis shrugged. \"Dogs? Dogs wiv glow in the dark jaws? Dogs wiv no eyes? Dogs the size of gorillas, you fink them fings are dogs? Go out dere and try feedin' 'em some Pedigree Chum! They're aliens love\" Pest snapped. \"Whatever the fuck they are they're not fucking aliens!\" she exclaimed disbelievingly, the boys stared at her blankly. \"You swear to much man\" \"You got a potty mouth man!\" \"Considering the situation I don't think a little swearing is all that bad\" I shrugged, entering the living room with my drink. \"Look, whatever they are they're in the block now, they're after everyone!\" Jerome exclaimed. \"Yeah, we're on the same side now get me?\" Dennis added. Rolling my eyes, I fell down onto the green arm-chair. But as soon as I sat down, the woman ran towards the table next to me, but Moses get there first. He grabbed the phone from the table, taking out the batteries. \"No feds\" \"You'd be better off callin' the Ghostbusters love\" Pest said irritatedly, I chuckled despite our situation. \"This is the block, we take care of fings our own way. Get me?\" Moses asked, dropping the empty phone back onto the table. \"You're joking?\" she sighed, rolling her eyes. \"Eh does it look like he's joking?!\" Dennis asked. \"I was gonna call for help, your friends needs to go to Hospital. So do you, if those wounds get infected they could kill you\" she explained, glancing at the three scratch marks on Moses' cheek. \"Nah, he likes his scars init\" Dennis shrugged, I rolled my eyes...again. \"Fuck!\" Pest shouted, clutching his leg in pain. \"He's bleedin' to death, help 'im man!\" Dennis shouted. \"We ain't gonna do nothin'. Fix him\" Moses demanded, she sighed. - A Few Minutes Later - Pulling my legs up onto the arm-chair, I leaned back and sighed in content. The chair was actually pretty comfy, and it even made me quite relaxed. Reluctantly, the nurse had pulled out a first aid kid to start on Pests' leg. She grabbed a pair of scissors, cutting a line up the leg of his jeans before pulling it away to reveal his bite mark. Leaning forward, I winced at the teeth marks in his leg...maybe they were worth screaming about \"Sorry I messed up your couch\" Pest said. \"Don't worry about it\" she reassured, staring down at his bite-wound intriguingly. \"D'you want me to take 'em off?\" he asked, slightly hopeful. \"That won't be necessary\" she sighed, rolling her eyes. \"You sure, I got nice boxers on. Genuine Calvin Klein, fresh today\" he smirked. Jerome snickered and I rolled my eyes. \"Okay, tell me if this hurts\" she instructed, taking hold of his foot. \"Try me\" he shrugged. She tilted his foot back and he winced. \"Ow, hurts!\" She nodded and raised her eyebrows. \"How about this?\" She tilted his foot back even further and he shot up. \"Hurts! Hurts! Hurts!\" he exclaimed. \"You've torn a few minor arteries, you may have a fracture. You need to have this treated before you lose too much blood\" she explained, bandaging up his leg. \"Do it then\" Moses demanded, she sighed in annoyance. \"I can't, I don't have the equipment or the skill. I've only just graduated. And I missed the class on alien bite wounds\" she snapped, I smirked amusedly. \"Stop hypin' man\" Dennis said, rolling his eyes at her. \"Pass me that cushion\" she said, holding out her hand. Both boys glanced between her and the cushion, neither one even bothering to reach for it \"I said, pass me that cushion\" she repeated. Dennis and Moses shared a look of amusement, Moses being the one to hand her the cushion. She snatched it from him, shoving it down onto Pests' leg. \"Ow! Don't take it out on me!\" he exclaimed. \"I ain't seen you round 'ere yah know, you lived 'ere long?\" Jerome asked curiously. \"Couple of months\" she replied, tying the pillow to Pests' leg. \"Hmm, nice place you got\" he shrugged. \"Thanks, thinking of moving\" she said. \"Shame, why?\" Pest asked. \"Don't like the area\" she admitted. I didn't exactly blame her for saying that, she was after all jumped by these boys only a few hours ago. \"Yo what d'you mean don' like the area?! What's wrong wiv the area?!\" Dennis asked angrily, she was about to reply when a large banging sound caught our attention. All heads turned to face the front door, our eyes widened fearfully. \"Fam stay\" Moses demanded, pushing my over-eager brother back a bit. He took the metal baseball bat from Dennis, cautiously making his way towards the front door. Unknowingly, I'd managed to back myself up against the bedroom door, staying as far away from the front door as possible. Moses disappeared from view, but after a few seconds another loud banging was heard, and he stumbled back into the living room \"They found us!\" he exclaimed, shutting the other door. \"How could they find us? There's like 160 doors in this block!\" Jerome exclaimed in disbelief. The banging continued and everyone picked up their own weapon...well, everyone except me. \"Dennis\" I hissed, his head snapped in my direction and I gestured to the spare samurai sword on his back. He sighed, reluctantly handing me the sword so that I could protect myself. \"Listen, whatever gang-war bullshit you're in leave me out of it please!\" The nurse begged. \"This thing got nothin' to do wiv gangs\" Dennis said, shaking his head. \"Or drugs, or rap music, or violence in video games!\" Pest added. Instead of bashing against the front door, the alien was now smashing itself into the living room door. And I was pretty sure it was get in here soon enough. \"This is the worst night of my life\" she whimpered. \"Feeling's mutual\" Moses sighed, staring intently at the door. Suddenly, the side wall bashed open, the alien running through into the kitchen. My eyes widened in fear, glancing at each of the boys. Not thinking clearly, I ran towards the alien. \"Mika, get the fuck back!\" Pest shouted. Completely ignoring his demands, I stood face-to-face with the furry creature. It screeched in my direction, baring it's razor-sharp teeth. \"Mika! I swear to fuckin' god...\" Dennis started. Everything fell completely silent as I dodged the lunging alien, successfully sinking my sword into the back of it's neck. The alien froze and I tore the sword out of it's neck, causing the creature to drop dead to the floor. I panted, my eyes wide in both relief and shock. \"Well\" I sighed, turning to face the group. Unsurprisingly, their eyes had all widened. \"Fuck Mika\" My brother gasped in awe and surprise as he and the rest of the group walked towards me. \"Maybe I should keep hold of this\" I shrugged, gesturing to the sword in my right hand. \"See, is that a dog?\" Pest asked, glaring slightly at the wide-eyed nurse. \"No\" she gasped. \"No. That is not a dog\" he said, slightly annoyed with her former-disbelief. \"That's black, too black to see\" Jerome said as we stared down at the dead alien. My brother crouched down, hesitatingly running his fingers over the creatures fur. \"That's the blackest black ever fam\" he shrugged, I nodded in agreement \"That's blacker than me cousin Femmy\" he added. \"And that's saying something\" I sighed, shaking my head. \"Oi, where's dat woman?\" Jerome asked. Looking up from the alien, I realised that the nurse had in-fact disappeared.[Chapter 5] We all went out into the hall and saw the woman at the bottom of the hall, we watched to see her decision and she came back when a faint screeching was heard \"Wherever you're going, I'm coming with you. After what you put me through tonight it's the least you can do\" she said standing in front of us \"No way man, she's bare annoyin, make her leave let the snitch get murked\" Dennis said, I glared at him \"Dennis man why you acting like such a prick for? I need the nurse do you want me to die?\" Pest asked over exaggerating \"Stop arguing\" I said firmly \"She's right we need to go now\" Jerome added \"I'm Sam\" the woman introduced \"Jerome\" \"Pest\" \"No way man\" my brother exclaimed angrily \"I'm Claire and the dick next to me is my brother Dennis\" I said, she nodded and looked at Moses \"You're Moses right?\" she asked \"You're gonna need a weapon\" he said before turning round, we all walked on through the doors. I was at the back with Pest and Sam while we went upstairs, we were going to Tia's...don't get me wrong the girls are really nice to me but they can be bitchy \"You get 4 years for carrying an offensive weapon yah know\" Pest said to Sam \"I think the situations a bit different\" she replied \"Not really, walking around expecting to get jumped at any moment, feels like just another day in the ends to me man\" Pest said \"Where's he taking us?\" Sam asked \"Tia's flat\" Jerome answered \"What makes us more safer in her place than in mine?\" she asked \"Security gate\" Jerome replied, we got to the flat and Dimples answered...she went crazy \"You ain't bringin all them people in here. No. They're involved in somethin', somone's chasin 'em. They got weapons. And look that one's bleedin'. And that woman, I don't even know that woman. I'm not gettin' myself in a situation I don't need to be in\" she said leaning against the door frame, Tia came into view \"It's my house dimples. Come\" she said motioning us in. We were all in different places of the living room while the boy's tried to get the girls to believe us...Dimples obviously had a comment \"What kind of alien out of all the places in the whole wide world would invade some shitty council estate in South London\" she said \"One that's lookin for a fight\" Dennis said playing with a gun he took from some local kids \"Coming for us, ready or not\" Pest said, the girls then randomly started to sing \"Excuse me\" Sam said standing up \"There's a dead one in my living room, I live on the 1st floor go and look if you don't believe me, you can walk right in. There's no front door anymore\" she said \"Moses when did you start goin' out with your math's teacher?\" Dimples asked, the girls apart from Tia laughed and Sam sat down \"How'd you know that woman?\" Tia asked Moses...she had a bit of a crush on him \"We met earlier, he mugged me\" Sam answered \"That part I believe\" Dimples said \"That true? You robbed that woman?\" Tia asked angrily \"Well yeah but afterwards she fixed up my leg and we saved 'er from the monsters. So we're mates now and it's all sweet, we're hero's init?\" Pest asked Sam \"Hero's? 5 of you and a knife against one woman? Fuck off\" Sam spat \"Nah love don't build it up it wasn't all that we never even touched you\" Dennis said \"And the blade was to get it over with quick, we were as scared as you\" Jerome said \"Blade? You're such a waste, why is it always trouble with you? Why is always someone gettin mugged, beaten up or arrested?\" Tia asked Moses while moving to another couch \"We can't deal with this on our own, we have to call the police\" Sam said, we all gave her weird look's \"You can trust me, I'll tell them what really happened\" she said \"I know you mean well Sam but the boy's will get arrested, trust me\" I said shaking my head \"For murder of 2 police officers, vehicle theft, resisting arrest, everything that goes down in the ends tonight\" Dennis said \"They arrest us for nothing already\" Pest added \"Know what I reckon yeah? I reckon the fed's sent them anyway, government probably bred those creatures to kill black boy's, first they send trucks to the ends, then they send guns, now they send monsters to get us they don't care man. We ain't killin' each other fast enough so they decided to speed up the process\" Moses said...he sounded crazy \"Believe\" Pest said, I noticed he was smoking one and I rolled my eyes...the girls started laughing \"Pest I told you not to do that, do it out the window yeah\" Tia said opening the curtains \"Pain relief man, ask the nurse\" he replied \"Excuse me but, what is that?\" Tia asked, we all looked out the window \"Jesừs cristo\" I whispered, there hanging were 2 aliens and all we could see was the faint view of their glowing teeth.[Chapter 6] \"Oh my days!\" Dimples shouted, we all ran in different directions and I ran into the bedroom doorway with Tia and Dimples, I watched Dennis put on his helmet \"You can't take 2 fam\" Moses said \"Watch me\" Dennis said aiming the gun, he fired it and nothing came out \"Shit, it is a toy\" he said in realization, the aliens roared and bashed through the window, they landed on Dennis and Moses was thrown into the wall, Moses went to help him but another jumped through and started biting Dennis's helmet \"No!\" I screamed going to run \"No Claire!\" Tia shouted, she and Dimples held me back \"Help him please!\" I shouted \"Help!\" Dennis shouted, the alien bit through the helmet and ripped it clean off, killing my brother in the process \"No!\" I screamed, the girls screamed aswell \"Moses!\" \"It's coming for you Moses!\" the girls said, I grabbed the lamp from the side and smashed it \"Oi!\" I shouted, I stabbed the alien and it shocked it, I kept going until it chased us into the bedroom, I kept jabbing and the girls helped out too, Dimples managed to kill it by driving the sharp edge of her ice skate into its head, when I knew it was dead I was out of breath, I ran out of the room and over to Dennis's body, I dropped down and cried \"No!\" I screamed, I rested my head on his chest and sobbed loudly \"I'm sorry Claire\" Jerome said hugging me, I carried on crying \"He can't be gone he can't!\" I shouted, I was pulled away from Dennis and into someone's chest \"He's gone Claire\" Jerome whispered into my ear, I carried on sobbing and crying \"You know that little one you killed before? That was a mistake, they weren't going for us they were going for you, actions have consequences yah know, everywhere you go bad thing's happen, stay away from us Moses\" Tia said, I heard loud screeching again but I didn't care, the girls ran out and Jerome tried to get me up \"Come on\" he said \"No no no!\" I screamed...I couldn't leave my brother \"Help me man\" Jerome exclaimed, I was picked up and dragged out \"You should leave, I don't want no one else to die\" Moses said, he was the one holding me up otherwise I would be on the floor right now \"Fuck that brov, I got your back\" Pest said \"I ain't goin nowhere they got Dennis man, we gotta kill all them things brov\" Jerome said, I heard shooting and I was pulled to the floor, I got back up and started running with them all. We ran into an elevator and there was already some guy in there...I slid to the floor \"Who the fuck was that?\" Sam asked \"That was Hi-hatz, man's a sausage\" Pest exclaimed \"Well why's he shooting at us?\" she asked \"His best friend got ate so he's a bit vexed about it\" Jerome answered, something banged against the door \"Will someone please tell me what the fuck is going on, what is that thing chasing you? Why is there a lift full of bits of dead people?\" the guy in the elevator asked \"What are you doing we need to go down!\" he shouted, I felt the lift going up \"I ain't goin down, there's too many things down there out to get me\" Moses said, I felt dizzy and I closed my eyes \"What's Ron's weed room?\" I heard Sam ask, but I soon let my eyes drop and I blanked out. Claire's Dream... \" Pogo\" a little girl called, the little puppy ran to her and licked her face, she ran around the house chasing the dog and fell over...she cried \"What's wrong?\" A young boy asked \"I fell\" The girl said sobbing \"Don't worry\" The boy said, he pulled out a plaster and put it on her knee \"There it's better now\" he said smiling, she smiled through her tears \"You always help me\" The girl said \"And I promise I'll always be there to help you, even when we got older and I have more friends than you\" he said teasingly, she hugged him \"I love you Dennis\" she said \"I love you too Claire\" he replied. End Dream... My eyes shot open and I screamed \"Jesus\" Someone said, I breathed heavily and realized I was crying \"Calm down Claire were almost safe\" Sam said, I looked around and saw we were outside Ron's, he was a guy the boy's went to for weed, I'd been here once but I never planned on coming back to be fair, the door opened and we stumbled in only to have a gun aimed at us \"Walk on Moses\" The guy said, we came in and Ron apologized before shutting the door \"You killed that thing\" he said \"Hi hatz brov…\" Moses started \"You brought it in the ends\" \"I don't want no trouble\" \"You brought a fed in the ends\" \"Listen to me brov\" \"You brought an' alien invasion to the ends\" Hi-Hatz said chuckling, I noticed something and I looked at the window, I started shaking, we tried warning Hi-Hatz but he didn't listen, a load of aliens that were outside screeched and Hi-Hatz turned around giving us the time we needed to make a run into the weed room.[Chapter 7] While we were in the weed room I could hear the aliens outside, I was sat straight, leaning against the wall with my legs crossed and hands in my lap while staring at the floor \"Wish I'd never chased after that thing. Wish we never mugged you. Wish I never took that white of Hi-Hatz. Wish I'd just gone home and played FIFA like Biggz said\" Moses said \"Anyone got skins?\" Pest asked \"No\" Sam said annoyed \"Bare weed and no skins, this is the worst night ever\" Pest said \"Listen yeah, we never knew you lived in the block, if we knew you we wouldn't have stepped you\" Moses said to Sam \"What it would have been okay to mug me if I didn't live here? Is that how it works?\" she asked \"Boy you'se touchy, he's tryna apologize to you man\" Pest said, he started trying to flirt with Sam again and I saw someone in front of me \"Claire look at me\" It was Moses, I slowly raised my head and found he looked really guilty \"You a'right?\" he asked, I felt the tears coming again \"No\" I choked out, he pulled me into a hug and I hugged him back...tight \"I'm so sorry I swear I'm gonna kill them all, for Dennis and for Jerome\" he promised, I nodded and pulled back a little \"I don't blame you yah know\" I said, he nodded and leaned in, I met him halfway and we kissed again, after a bit of snogging we pulled away breathless \"I been meanin' to ask you for a while now\" he said, I gave him a confused look \"Wanna be my girl?\" he asked hopefully, I nodded and kissed him again, I pulled away and looked at the alien that started our trouble, I stood up and pulled him over to it, I inspected it for a sec until I saw something on Moses's jacket \"Look\" I said putting my hand on the spot, he looked down \"Oh Moses your jackets gone rave, and your jumper Claire\" Pest said, I looked down and noticed my jumper had neon blue spots on it too \"It's glowing in the U.V light, maybe it's some kind of pheromone\" Brewis said, I learnt his name a few sec's after we got in here \"Maybe it's a what now?\" Pest asked \"It's an eco hormone that triggers a response in members of the same species, maybe that's a female and the others are male and that stuff is what's attracting them\" he said \"So they're smelling us?\" I asked \"They fell outta the sky yeah?...\" Brewis explained his theory that the girl leaves a scent for the boy's to follow, it was a little weird but did make sense \"….well whatever it is you're covered in it and it's peeking the interest of a rather hostile alien species so all I'm saying is if you took those clothes off they wouldn't know you were here, we were here\" Brewis said \"Say what now?\" I squeaked \"You fancy them or sumthin', you tryna get them naked?\" Pest asked \"No I'm trying to save your life and an' answer to your question earlier\" Brewis said, he rummaged through his bag and handed something to Pest \"Oh thank fuck, brov I swear I will never cuss you again\" Pest said holding out his fist, Brewis fist bumped him and looked quite proud of it \"Oi Brewis, everyone who touched this thing got murked yah know. Dennis, Jerome, Tonk's, them fed's when they tried to touch me, everyone who had that scent on them so if they follow the smell on that then maybe I can lead them\" Moses said \"Lead them where?\" Brewis asked \"Somewhere I can blow them up. I killed that thing, I brought them in the block, I've gotta finish what I started\" Moses said, I shook my head \"Uh uh now fucking way\" I said loudly \"Calm it Claire\" Pest said \"No I won't fucking calm it, I've lost enough people already. Dennis, Jerome and now I'm gonna lose him too\" I said, I shook my head and sat in the corner of the room where they couldn't see me \"Claire\" Moses said coming into view, I turned around so I wouldn't see him, he wrapped his arms around my waist and rubbed my stomach \"Don't be mad with me Claire\" he whispered in my ear \"No sỏlo voy a perder como Dennis\" I whispered \"English please Claire\" he said, I giggled a bit \"I said I'll only lose you like Dennis\" I explained, I was turned around on the table \"I promise you won't lose me like that Claire\" he said resting his forehead against my own \"You don't know that\" I said \"No I do and you won't\" he said, I didn't know how to reply to it but he did, he kissed me...hard, we got into it and started snogging, I felt his hands run up my legs, thighs, and soon enough they went up my shirt \"Not the time or place\" I whispered pulling away, he nodded and we went back to the others.[Chapter 8] Brewis was scanning Sam with the U.V light \"You look clean\" he said \"You look good\" Pest added, I rolled my eyes \"I'm betting my life we're right about this\" she said nervously, she walked over to Moses who had taken his jacket off \"1st floor down 191\" he said, she repeated it to herself and he handed her a phone \"You phone me when you get there\" he said \"Yo Pest give me that ring\" Moses said holding out his hand \"What ring man?\" Pest asked looking annoyed, Moses stared at him knowingly \"Oh man that's ours, it's worth bare p man\" Pest said pulling it out of his pocket \"Give it\" Moses demanded, Pest reluctantly handed Moses the ring and Moses gave it to Sam \"Thanks. But even if you outrun them, even if you make it how are you gonna get out?\" Sam asked \"Don't worry about me man\" he said \"You don't have to do this Moses\" she said \"Yeah I do\" he replied, she sighed and left the room \"I don't mean to sound pervy Claire but the jumper has to go\" Brewis said, I glared at him \"I for one chose death\" I said \"Yes you might but we don't\" he said \"You got any spare clothes?\" I asked, he pulled out a jacket and handed it to me \"It'll do\" I sighed, I pulled off my jumper \"Oi stop eyeballin my girl\" Moses said to them, I chuckled and pulled on the jacket, I didn't zip it all the way up, just halfway \"You owe me a new jumper Brewis\" I said pointing a finger at him, he nodded and Mose's phone started to ring \"Yeah. Just my uncle...come's and go's, go's mostly...nope...15...thanks\" he said, what were they talking about exactly? I helped Pest pull out his fireworks while Moses instructed Sam on what to do, he soon hung up \"Moses vs the monsters, kill em kill all them things\" Pest said, Moses nodded and looked at me \"I'll be waiting for you\" I said, he smiled a little \"And I'll be there\" he said, I held open the door and Pet set off rockets down the hall before Moses ran out with the white alien strapped to his back, I mentally prayed that he would be okay. A Few Seconds Later... I walked down the hall with Pest, Brewis and Ron with a bat in my hands, it was foggy and I could see something moving \"Is it one of the monsters?\" Brewis asked \"Sort of\" Pest replied sighing in annoyence, a bunch of guys in black suits suddenly appeared with guns \"Get down on the ground!\" They shouted, my eyes widened and we all hit the deck without any objections. We were all put in cuffs and dragged out \"You can stop pulling me I can walk\" I snapped annoyed, they let me go and I just walked out, I saw Moses being dragged out in front of us and I sighed in relief, we were all thrown in the same van, I soon heard something and I realized everybody outside were chanting Moses's name \"Moses brov, can you hear that?\" Pest asked, Moses looked up and at the door \"That's for you\" I said from next to Pest, Moses looked at us and we both smiled at him, he smiled back and I moved over to his side, he looked down at me \"Told you I'd keep my promise\" he said \"I know\" I replied, I kissed him and rested my head against his shoulder. ","Summary":" Walking down the dark street, I sighed nervously. Once again, I was out walking the streets of Sout"},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"Who are we?","Author":"EXPLODINGWEWILLGO","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5086997","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jon Hancock grunted and pulled his cap away from his eyes. A small boy was staring at him. \"…What boy?\" The boy motioned to the screen playing in a store window across from the bench. \"Bad guys?\" Jon looked at the screens. Then back to the boy. \"…What do you want, a cookie? Get the hell outta my face.\" The boy shook his head and walked away. \"Asshole.\" He mumbled. Jon glared at him. \"What!?\" The boy didn't look back. \"You heard me!\" Jon snarled and picked up his glasses. When he looked back up there was a boy who looked about ten staring at him from beside the store window. He had wavy brown hair and hazel eyes. His skin was tanned. He was staring at him with a perplexed expression. \"What?\" Jon asked with obvious annoyance. The boy blinked once and turned and walked off. Jon picked up a bottle of liquor and cracked his neck before taking off. The bench became ruble. Jon briefly wondered why that kid looked familiar. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX \"Where were you?\" \"I just went for a walk, I told you that.\" \"You went to see him didn't you?\" \"…It's a possibility.\" \"…Don't go again.\" \"…Okay…I'm sorry.\" XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jon tapped the hood of the blue car. The man in the drivers seat looked up. Jon shrugged at him and lifted the car and pushed it back. He leaned to his left and took the impact of the train. Moments later people were calling at him and trying to insult him. He tried to respond to most of them. \"I been drinkin bitch!\" \"Well you should sue McDonalds…\" Next thing he knew the guy from the car he threw was thanking him and yelling at the others. \"You're not flyin by the Valley are ya?\" The man asked. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX \"What's goin on dad?\" \"I want you to meet somebody. This guy right here dragin daddy's car into the driveway.\" The boy the Ray had picked up smiled. \"Hancock!\" Jon nodded as the boy waved to him. \"That's right. Hancock, this is my boy Aaron.\" Just then a woman in a red dress with blonde hair hurried out of the house. \"Oh my god, what happened to the car?\" She stopped when she saw Jon. She tuned out her husbands words. Jon stared at her. She seemed familiar too. He looked in the window and saw the boy from before. \"This is my wife Mary.\" Ray motioned to her. Jon nodded. Next thing Jon knew he was at their dinner table. He must have agreed to a meal. No harm there. He was always up for free food. The boy Aaron talked a lot. Ray was telling him about how they started spaghetti night. Mary wasn't talking much and the mystery boy was staring at his plate beside her. \"This is Jackkeh by the way. He's Marry's.\" Ray smiled from the boy to Jon, who nodded. The boy didn't say anything. They started eating and Jon was trying to keep up with what Aaron was saying. Mary said his name was Aaron and Jon looked at her and nodded. Jackkeh snickered when they started talking about the French bully that kept messing with Aaron. Hancock sure had colorful advice. Mary glared at him. \"Don't laugh.\" Jackkeh couldn't get the smirk off his face. \"Sorry.\" Jon grinned at him. \"See, he knows what I'm talkin about.\" Jackkeh chuckled. Then Mary went on saying that everything wasn't about violence. Jackkeh stared at her sadly. Mary looked at Ray when Jon went to the bathroom. \"…Did he just take the whisky bottle in there?\" Ray gave her an amused look. \"Do you want him to kill us all?\" Jackkeh snorted behind a hand. Aaron laughed. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX \"Please don't stare you guys, he's kinda one of us.\" Ray spoke as he motioned to Jon who walked to the middle of the street. Jackkeh rolled his eyes as Jon took off. Jon couldn't be any different from those people. And he knew it better than anyone. Later that night he listened to his mother talk about how bad Jon was. He shook his head. All he needed was a chance. Ray would give him that much at least. Jackkeh had never liked him. To nice to be normal. He freaked him out. Jackkeh sighed and tried to sleep XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jon landed and took off his glasses. He turned when someone called him an asshole. \"What's your name?\" The boy nodded at him. \"Michel.\" his French accent was strong. \"You know Aaron?\" \"Oui, le petite asshole.\" Jon stared at him. \"Yeah well…he's a good kid. Wonderin if you could give him a break.\" Michel stared at him. \"Why asshole?\" Jon glared at him. \"…You're gunna stop callin me that.\" \"Asshole.\" \"That's not my name.\" Jon was trying to stay calm. \"Ass…hole.\" Jon stared at him for a moment and got in close. \"Call me an asshole…one more time.\" Michel smirked. \"Ass…\" Jon grabbed his shirt and threw him up. Michel screamed as he went past the troposphere. (I think that was it) \"Hancock! Son-of-a-gun. I had a feeling. Ask Mary. I said he's ready for a change.\" Ray walked out and motioned him up the walk. \"Yeah, well Uhh…\" Ray looked up with him when screams were heard. \"Shit.\" Jon mumbled and held out his arm. Michel fell into the crook, badly shaken…but otherwise okay. Jon set him down and Michel went stomping back down the street crying and screaming in French. \"Aww don't be a pussy!\" Jon called after him. Ray stared at him. \"…Not okay.\" He turned Jon and they walked to his house. \"How do you think that conversation is going to go with his mother?\" XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Ray looked up at Jon from his computer. \"I think I know what it is.\" Jon gave him a 'yeah right' look. Ray stood. \"You're an asshole.\" Jon's brow furrowed as he turned and went to the kitchen. \"It's not a crime to be an asshole.\" Ray was saying. Jon picked up a bottle of liquor. Ray took and set it back down. \"Come on, it one in the afternoon.\" Jon hardly heard a word he said but from what he was talking about earlier he got the basic idea. The front door opened and Mary walked in with Aaron and Jackkeh. Jon noticed Jackkeh was a lot more mature than Aaron. Even if Aaron was a kid he could show more control and act like he was tough. Jon looked away when Ray kissed Mary hello. Jackkeh moved to stand next to him. Jon looked down at him. Why was he so familiar? He nodded a hello. Jackkeh smiled at him and nodded back. Mary sent Aaron upstairs while she made lunch. She turned on the tv saying something about how they had been goin on about something all day. Ray and Jon looked but Jackkeh went to the fridge and got out a juice and went back outside. Jon must have blanked out again because the next thing he knew he was on a bus to jail. 'I have got to stop spacin out.' He thought to himself as he stared out the window. Whenever that boy Jackkeh and his mom were around he could never seem to think properly. It confused him. He had his mug shot taken and next thing he was walking through the main jail and a crowd of angry men were pressed around him. \"…Oh I get it. I put some…well most of you in here.\" They nodded. \"Well…I don't want to trouble.\" Jon turned around. \"Just wanna go to my cell.\" They were laughing. \"…Excuse me.\" He said awkwardly. They laughed more. \"Excuse me…please?\" Two men stepped up. \"…You don't move…your head is goin up his ass. Ya fellas sure you wanna ride this train?\" All he needed to hear was asshole. The other cellmates shouted in surprise and some hacked. He certainly did shove that mans head up the other mans ass. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Ray stared at Jon through the glass. \"Did…did you shove a mans head up another mans ass?\" Jon thought about it. He nodded. \"Yeah.\" Ray was at a loss for words. \"Okay…we're gunna circle back to that.\" Ray then flipped through a file he brought with him. Jon glared when he heard the number eight attached to the word years. Ray looked up when he heard an odd screeching sound. Jon cut a hole in it with his fingernail. He tapped the circle out and set down the phone. \"It sounded like you said…they want me to spend eight years…in this shit hole.\" \"Yeah eight years is more like four with good behavior.\" Ray tried to reason with him. Jon stood up and walked to the door. Ray ran after him. \"Hey, hey, hey! Stop!\" Jon didn't. \"You're being a coward Hancock!\" Jon turned. \"Who you talkin to Ray?\" He walked back to him. \"I'm talkin to you!\" They argued and Jon looked disinterested. And ray glared at him and actually seemed angry but calm. \"Stop pretending that you do not care. You have a calling, you're a superhero Hancock. Just stay in here. When they call a hero is what we're gunna give them.\" Jon stared at him. \"How we gunna do that Ray?\" JACKKEHJACKKEHJACKKEHJACKKEH It'll get more interesting![Chapter 2] Jon sat in the circle with a lame expression. What the hell had he signed on for? He passed when it was his turn. Ray visited often to teach him how to act better to get the respect he deserved. Saying how he landed was his superhero handshake. Not to land on peoples cars or be to boozy. To use the door and tell people good job. \"What the hell did I come for if he's done a good job?\" Ray had just stared at him. Ray kept trying to get him to say good job and give people compliments. Jon stared at him as he sounded out good job as if he was a child. Jon kept passing as the circle came to him. People kept talking about him on the news saying how he was staying true to his word. One night on the news they were talking about jail watch day five. Jackkeh was sitting on the bed next to his mother and watching intently. Mary tried to read her magazine. Jackkeh looked around at her. \"He's just a bad guy.\" He tried to mimic her voice. Mary smiled at him and swatted his arm. He laughed and went back to staring at the TV. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jon sat at one of the visitor tables. He figured it was just Ray again. But he heard a small voice shout 'Hancock!' And knew otherwise. Aaron was hopping along and Mary walked with Jackkeh at her side. They walked into the visiting area and Aaron darted for his table. Mary and Jackkeh still moved calmly. Jon stood. \"Hey, where's Ray?\" Mary shook her head with a dear caught in the headlight look on her face. \"No, no it's just us. Ray is…Ray is working. Aaron really wanted to see you. So I thought I'd stop by and bring you this.\" She set the tray down and Jon sat and so did Mary and Jackkeh. There was a long silence. \"Ray is a good man.\" Mary stated. Jon looked up at her. Something sparked in his eyes. Jackkeh rolled his eyes. \"Whatever this is your doing, don't let him down…okay?\" Jon stared at her with am amused look. Mary swallowed uncomfortably and nodded. \"Well we should probably go.\" Jackkeh stood. Mary took Aarons hand and he waved. The boy had left his dinosaur at the table for Jon. Hancock looked up at Jackkeh. Mary stopped and looked back at him. Jackkeh stared at Jon. \"They'll call. The police can only do so much without help.\" He whispered. Jon smiled at him and nodded to Mary. \"Go on.\" Jackkeh gave a feeble smile and walked after his mom. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Ray set a large box down on the table. \"For when they call.\" Jon stared at the contents with an utterly amused look and glanced up at Ray as if to say 'You're joking.' \"I'm not wearin that Ray.\" Ray kept his hopeful wide smile. \"No, yeah you are.\" \"No I'm not.\" \"No, you are.\" \"I'll fight crime butt ass naked.\" \"You already did that. It's on you tube. Just trust me on this…\" Jon shook his head. \"Ray.\" Jon said with a serious expression. \"Nobody out there is missin me.\" Ray nodded. \"Just trust me on this alright.\" XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jon sat in the circle. He didn't want to talk. Why did people always want him to do something? He groaned. \"I'm uh…Hancock and I drink.\" He mumbled. The other clapped and thanked him for sharing. He just didn't get it. He was sleeping when one of the guards banged the bars to his cell. \"Get up!\" Jon grunted and didn't move. \"Come on you got a phone call!\" Again Jon grunted but shifted his head. \"It's the chief of police! Get up!\" Jon opened his eyes and sat up when the guard left. He went and looked at himself in the mirror. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jackkeh sat, watching the news intently. He knew why his mom always watched the news. But he wouldn't tell Ray that. Even though he'd asked plenty of times. Jackkeh always made a snarky comment like 'What? She can't be concerned for the city?' or 'I didn't know it was a crime to keep up with the world.' Ray had eventually given up. Jackkeh really didn't like him. But he made Mary happy so he kept his comments to himself. Mary walked in just then. \"What's going on?\" Jackkeh glanced at her then back to the screen. \"Hostage situation.\" He stated. He smirked when the cameras zoomed in on the sky. It was Hancock. And with a pretty decent outfit. Ray ran in mumbling 'Don't break the buildings.' Jackkeh's face scrunched at Jon's outfit. \"…What's he wearing?\" Ray looked offended. \"What do you mean?\" \"He looks like a total dork in that. Who gave him that?\" Jackkeh knew full well it was Ray. But it was another opportunity to show his distaste. Ray scratched the back of his neck. \"The police I bet.\" He mumbled. Mary smacked Jackkeh in the back of the head. Jackkeh grinned. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jon landed in front of the main criminal. \"Heard you was in the slammer.\" Jon nodded. \"Out early. Good behavior.\" The man sneered. He held up his hand. There was something in it. Jon looked at the hostages. That was not good. \"Do you know what this is?\" \"I'm guessing it's a detonator type deal.\" Jon looked interested as the man spoke to him. Telling him to help him get the money, saying what was in the bomb, something about cleaning the hostages up with a mop. 'Wait…' The man had just called him an asshole. Jon froze. \"I really don't like that word.\" he looked at a lamp. The man kept talking. Jon worked with the metal lamp shade. He pressed it down flat. Oh he just called him an asshole again. Jon sharpened the edge of the shade with his finger nails. He looked up when he was done. \"…Call me an asshole…one more time.\" The man smirked. \"Ass…\" Jon whipped the shade at him. There was a loud scream. Jon walked out with the trigger, still in the mans hand. He handed it to the chief. \"Keep your hand on that until all the…bombs are taken off. Good job.\" It seemed easier now. The chief of police shook his head. \"No…you good job.\" Jon stared at him oddly. He looked around when he heard something odd to him. People were clapping…for him. He nodded awkwardly and put on his glasses and took off without damaging anything else. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX People were touching him. Jon felt out of place. Cameras and the works. Jon put down his drinks. Things were calm. \"So how'd you two meet?\" Jon smiled. Mary looked down. Ray swallowed his food. \"Well uh…Aaron's mother, my first wife…died giving birth to him. …Another conversation for another dinner. But anyways! I'm standing there with this beautiful baby boy and I don't know what the hell to do. I was in the baby isle…and I was holding two brands of diapers and I don't know how I was gunna get through the day. And an angel…sees me and decides to give me a break.\" Ray smiled at Mary. \"She had Jackkeh and he was about…five? So I knew she knew what she was doing way better than me. She really helped put my life back together.\" Mary laughed. \"You're drunk.\" Ray looked at Jon. \"So what about you buddy, you come in on a meteor or something?\" Jon frowned. \"Nah, I'm from Miami.\" Ray looked confused. \"So no…nothing?\" \"No, I woke up in a hospital.\" \"Government hospital?\" Jon laughed. \"Nah, regular old hospital.\" He wasn't comfortable talking about what klittle he knew of himself. He was talking on autopilot. Mary mentioned something about amnesia. He nodded and kept speak on autopilot, against his will. His small story. Ray was fascinated with the not aging bit. Jon went to how he had been alone. He must have been a real jackass, asshole or whatever. To be completely alone…to have no one in the whole world claim him…he must have been pretty damn bad. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jon walked down into the kitchen after tossing Ray into his bed and throwing a blanket on him. There wasn't a doubt Ray would do great things. He just needed to be more forceful. He saw Mary at the counter busying herself with something. \"He's asleep.\" Mary chuckled. \"I sometimes wonder how he looks after himself.\" She saw his hand. \"You have a bruise.\" Jon just stared at her. \"You should go.\" Mary muttered. Jon moved closer. \"it's getting late.\" She looked up at him as he got closer. It was a simple kiss. It wasn't deep or passionate, just simple. Mary should have moved back, stepped away….but she didn't. Jon was the one to move away. He saw Jackkeh smirking at them from around the corner. He was pulled back into the blonde by the blonde. He was surprised. Next he knew he was hurled into the fridge and he was flying off cars. He saw Mary fly out the car he hand landed on and threaten him. But he didn't hear it. His head was spinning and he couldn't hear anything. He saw Jackkeh peak out at him from the large hole in the wall. He gave an apologetic look before vanishing back inside. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX \"I don't see why you did that. You started it.\" \"I did not!\" \"Well okay he did…but you pulled him back!\" \"I didn't…I just mean…\" A sigh. A laugh. \"Oh yeah…like you didn't want it?\" A huff. \"I don't even want to hear about that from you!\" \"He'll be back tomorrow…the acting is over.\" Footsteps. \"…I know that. I know.\"[Chapter 3] Jackkeh quite enjoyed the morning show. Jon pressed a steak fork or whatever people called them into Mary's shoulder. It bent. He smashed a rolling pin into the back of her head. It splintered. Jackkeh stifled a laugh when Jon when to bang to large frying pans on either side of her head. She turned and gave Jon an annoyed look. They whispered between each other and he left. Mary looked at Jackkeh. He gave her a dull look. The act was over. It was impossible to keep up. Ray asked him where she was going when she left later that day dressed in black. Jackkeh shook his head. \"Can't she get a moment to herself for herself! Jeeze!\" Jackkeh through his arms into the air and stalked off. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX \"Are there more of us?\" Jon needed to at least know that much. \"There were…they all died.\" It hurt her to lie. She didn't know all that much about how they came about so she had to improvise. But it hurt to say Jackkeh was no one. \"So who's Jackkeh? Not yours?\" Jon asked firmly. Mary didn't answer. Her eyes hardened. \"Who are we to each other?\" \"…Brother and sister.\" She tried. Jon looked at her with an indefinable expression. \"That's a lie.\" \"No!\" \"Yes it is!\" \"No I'm your sister!\" \"Sisters don't kiss brothers the way you kissed me last night! You're lying! Deals off!\" Jon took off. \"Get your ass back here!!\" Jackkeh watched from building tops as the two 'super beings' almost literally tore each other apart. He looked up. They had started the storm. Others may see. He looked as they crashed into a building. One he knew to be a building where Ray worked. This was not good. He jumped down. People screamed and he crashed into the cement and dashed off to them. \"Leave!\" He shouted. Jon and Mary looked at him. \"What?\" Jon questioned him, it looked to Jackkeh as if the man was about to cry. Jackkeh pointed to the building the crashed into. \"Ray works there! Shuh! Get gone before he sees you!\" Jon stood and pulled Mary up with him. They ran. Flying would bring them attention. Jackkeh looked back up at the building. He saw Ray staring down at him with confusion. He shrugged and gave a feeble smile. He wouldn't mind being famous. He'd just have to change his look so as to not bring to much attention to himself. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jon and Mary landed back at his trailer. \"I want the truth now! What the hell were you talking about! How did the others die! And who is Jackkeh! Really!?\" Jon shouted. He was close to hysteria. Jackkeh appeared beside them. \"I think Ray knows. He said he knows he saw two people. Not one.\" Jon looked at Mary. \"The only ones huh?\" Mary didn't look at him. Jon shook his head. \"No…no more. I'm not gunna have anything else to do with this until everything is cleared up.\" Jackkeh looked to his mother. Mary turned to him with a lost expression. Jackkeh shrugged. \"Hey I'm not the parent here. Or the adult.\" XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Mary sat with Ray, Jon, and Jackkeh at the island in the kitchen. \"I'm going to explain this as best I can without trying to confuse anyone….so please don't interrupt me.\" Jon and Ray nodded. Jackkeh saw how upset Ray looked. He must have been sad and lost. 'Oh well!' Jackkeh's mind chimed. \"Alright…okay…we're born in pairs. All of out kind were. I'm not sure if somehow we mutated here or what happened. All I know is that somehow we ended up here. Thousands of us. The others…they all…paired up, and died after a while.\" Mary started. Ray held up a hand. \"So wait…what does that mean?\" \"…Technically…he's my husband.\" She motioned to Jon who sat across from her. Ray looked between them. Jon whistled. \"Holy shit.\" He mumbled. Ray looked so lost now. He looked at Jackkeh. He saw it now. How could he have missed it. The way he furrowed his brow and tightened his jaw when something confused him. The attitude was so much like Jon's. His face seemed just like Jon's but not as sharpened or grown into. Jackkeh stared right back at him with Mary's hazel eyes. \"He's Hancock's son?\" Ray mumbled. Mary nodded. Jon looked at Jackkeh. The boy looked up at him. He offered a smile. Ray shook his head. He couldn't deal with this right now. He got up and went to the back door. He didn't slam it as he went. There was a long silence between the three that remained. Jon was staring at Mary and she was staring at the table and Jackkeh was looking out a window at a bird. \"Jackkeh go up to your room.\" Mary whispered. He nodded and quietly slipped off his stool and ascended the stairs without a sound. Mary finally looked up at Jon. He looked confused and angry. \"You left me alone?\" \"You didn't remember anything.\" \"From the accident? Eighty years ago?\" Mary nodded. \"Tell mw what happened. I wanna know.\" \"We were living in Miami. There was a new movie playing.\" Mary started looking back down at the table. Jon seemed to understand something. \"Frankenstein.\" He said to himself. Mary nodded. \"Later…when we were walking home,\" Jon let the woman take his hand. \"We were going down a side street (???) and you took my hand and you held it so tight.\" Mary smiled. \"Jackkeh had been with us. He had run off ahead of us. You were calling him back when it happened.\" Jon looked confused again. \"What happened?\" Mary hesitated. \"They hit you so hard and there was so much blood.\" Jon looked down at their hands. That's how that fracture happened. Whoever had done it was nothing more than a coward though, to attack someone with their back turned. Jon's jaw tightened. \"…You left me alone.\" Jon mumbled. \"I thought it would be best. To keep us apart.\" Mary tried to explain but Jon got more upset. \"And Jackkeh?\" He looked at her. \"I had…a family. And because of what you thought was best…you kept it from me.\" Mary didn't say anything. What was there to say. Something clawed at her throat. She saw it was guilt. It wanted to pry her mouth open to say something. To say sorry. But her pride wouldn't let her, and it wouldn't help him anyways. Jon gave a sarcastic chuckle. He pulled his hand away from Mary's and went upstairs. She knew why. So she simply went to the couch and waited. He'd come back down to talk when he was calm. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jackkeh stared out the window. He saw someone walk into his room from his peripheral vision, he looked around. Jon sat on the edge of his bed. \"…You knew didn't you.\" It wasn't a question. \"Course I did. I was in my late twenties when it happened.\" Jon looked at his hands. \"She told you not to say anything, didn't she?\" Jackkeh nodded. \"I wasn't mean to you was I?\" Jon continued to look at her hands. Jackkeh shook his head. \"Nope. You hardly raised your voice to me. Mom always said I was a much better kid than most.\" Jackkeh nodded to himself. \"She's waiting for you ya know.\" He wasn't the one who needed to be talked to. Jon sighed. \"Yeah.\" Jackkeh waited for him to move, he didn't. \"…Gooooo.\" He coaxed. Jon gat a snort of laughter. He stood and walked back out, leaving the door open as he went. Jackkeh went back to staring out the window. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jon sat heavily beside Mary, who was apparently…his wife…who had abandoned him when he obviously needed someone the most. Jon sighed. \"Well…\" Mary nodded. \"Yeah.\" There was a small section of silence before the two laughed quietly. \"So…,\" Jon became serious. \"what you were shouting about before…did it really not work?\" Mary shook her head. \"No…it did. Maybe it went to well that's what got to me. You loved me and Jackkeh so much I thought it would hurt you. You were ready to protect people and save lives….and it was so easy for you.\" Jon noticed how her voice seemed awed. He felt a twinge of pride. \"Why did you leave then?\" They couldn't look at each other, neither honestly understood why. Maybe it would bring out something crude or raw or something just to strong to hold in anymore. Something Jon had long forgotten about but craved to remember. \"We were getting weak….turning human again. I had to. It was something we did every time it happened. I just figured we'd both be stronger if we stayed away.\" Something formed in the back of Jon's brain that wormed and clawed it's way to the forefront. \"You love Ray right? Why not have a family with him then? Wouldn't that make forgetting everything easier for you?\" Mary shook her head again. \"Not possible.\" \"Huh?\" Mary chuckled. \"We're tied to each other. We can't have children or anything like that with anybody else. There's no way around it. Even though Ray wanted it.\" \"Did you?\" \"Honestly, no.\" Mary took his hand without looking at him still. \"I remember when I told you…you were so happy.\" Jon understood what she was talking about. \"Were you happy?\" Jon asked curiously. \"Of course I was happy. How could I not have been.\" It wasn't really a question. Jon finally looked at her. Her hazel eyes moved to meet his own brown eyes. The darkness around them suddenly became very apparent. \"Are my memories ever going to come back?\" Mary nodded slowly. \"The doctors said they would if you were…reintroduced to familiar things.\" \"Still time?\" \"There's always time.\" Jon sat back and looked straight ahead. Looking at the blonde made his heart feel tight. Like he had no air. He felt a pressure on his chest. He glanced down to see that Mary had moved over and had laid her head on his chest. Her left hand resting on his ribcage. He looked back up to the window. He snapped his eyes shut as a pain whipped through his skull. \"Dad?\" Laughter \"He's almost here.\" \"Hello.\" Smiles \"What's your name?\" \"Mary. Yours?\" Held hands \"Look at us.\" \"Jordan.\" Kisses Jon opened his eyes and scratched at the back of his head. \"Mary?\" She shifted. \"Hm?\" Jon lowed his hand. \"What's my real name?\" \"Jordan.\" She replied sleepily. Jon nodded. Not to far off. The back glass door slid open. Jon didn't look up and Mary didn't move. The whispering voices made it clear who it was. \"Hancock's here!?\" An excited whisper. \"Shh…yeah he is. But we gotta be quiet. Go on up to bed okay?\" A returned whisper. Footsteps went up the stairs. Louder ones rounded the corner. Jon finally looked up. Ray was staring at them with no real emotion on his face. \"What are you doing?\" Ray asked with a tinge of anger. \"Sitting.\" Jon answered plainly. He looked down at Mary. The reason she wasn't moving was because she had fallen asleep. \"She's sleeping…so calm down.\" Jon looked back at the other man. Ray looked angry and walked off upstairs. Mary shifted but didn't wake up. Jon sighed. ' What did you get yourself into this time? ' xXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXx A chapter or two left.[Chapter 4] [A/N:] RIP Michael Jackson Jon woke up to loud music playing upstairs. Mary walked out of the kitchen a second later. \"Afternoon.\" She said quietly. Jon nodded and looked into the kitchen. Ray was sitting at the island with his back to them. He was still sulking. He looked back to Mary. \"What is that?\" \"Jackkeh. He's a kind of music creator…that's what he likes to call it anyway. It's not that bad.\" Mary explained. She handed him a cup of coffee. He took it. It was hot but he didn't drop it. \"Thanks.\" Mary nodded and motioned up the stairs. \"Go check it out.\" Jon nodded and went for the stairs. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX \"You are so ob-vi-ous-ly p-l-a-y-ing me.\" The door to Jackkeh's room rattled lightly. The techno beat drifted out of the cracks hard. But it wasn't like screaming music. Jon found it stand-able as he sipped at his very hot coffee. He opened the door. It still wasn't that loud. Jackkeh glanced back and looked back at the computer screen. He clicked on different signs and clicked different keys and the beat and tone changed. \"What's up?\" He asked casually. \"Just curious.\" \"Oh about this?\" Jackkeh grinned. He was proud of himself. He tapped in a few keys and it changed again. \"What's that?\" \" 'Cute' by Stephen Jerzak.\" Jackkeh answered simply. Aaron ran in. \"I like this song!\" \"Aaron you have to finish your breakfast!\" Mary followed him in. Jon laughed. \"And your as cute as a button…\" Mary rolled her eyes and moved Aaron back out of the room. \"You go to school?\" Jon set the cup down on the bedside table. Jackkeh raised a brow at him. \"Do you?\" \"I'll take that as a no.\" The younger of the two chuckled. \"Mom just figured I already know more than most kids so why bother.\" \"Makes sense.\" \"That's all she ever makes.\" Jon laughed. \"You are a smart one ain't ya?\" \"Of course!\" Jackkeh stood and grabbed his backpack. \"I'll be out on the town. And as for Ray, just stay out of his way. He'll get over it.\" \"Why is he mad at me for something I don't even remember!?\" Jon was smiling but he was confused. \"Because his ' wife ' does.\" \"She's not even his wife.\" Jon mumbled. \"I know that, she knows that…all three of us but Ray knows that. Maybe even Aaron does.\" Jackkeh chuckled and left his room. Jon followed him back down stairs, cup in hand. \"How come I have to go to school and Jackkeh doesn't?\" Aaron stood on a chair in the kitchen leaning against the island. \"Cause I'm special.\" Jackkeh ruffled his hair as he walked past. \"I'll be back in a few!\" He called back. Jon set the empty coffee mug in the sink and leaned against the island a few feet from Mary's side. \"We have soccer practice after school today! Can you come see?\" Aaron directed his attention to Jon. \"Sure. Unless somethin's going on I'll check it out.\" Jon nodded. \"Awesome!\" Aaron smiled and took the lunch Mary handed him. Ray stood and grabbed his keys. \"I'll take him to school.\" Jon and Mary watched them leave. Ray's shoulders were slumped and his hair was a mess. \"Well…!\" Jon looked around the kitchen. Mary looked at him. \"Well what?\" Jon shrugged. \"I dunno, you tell me.\" He moved over to the fridge. \"Ray will get over this whole deal eventually.\" Mary didn't sound very convincing. Jon stepped away from the fridge with an apple in his hand. \"Yeah, yeah. Maybe sometime…almost never.\" \"…Are you being sarcastic?\" \"Come on Mary…the guys head over heals for you.\" \"…I know that.\" Jon shook his head and walked out to the living room. \"It doesn't mean anything!\" Mary called. \"Isn't that kinda shallow?\" \"It's complicated.\" \"Or are you just making it complicated?\" \"…Why do you always do that?\" \"Do what?\" Jon looked around when Mary followed him into the living room. \"Make me doubt everything.\" \"I didn't know I did that.\" Jon inspected the fruit in his hand. \"You always did that.\" \"…I'm sorry?\" Mary glared at him. \"Shut up.\" \"Okay.\" \"Stop doing that!\" \"What!?\" \"Agreeing with me!\" \"Alright! Jeeze.\" Jon set the apple down on the coffee table and sat back. Mary sat down next to him. \"I don't know what to do.\" \"Does it matter?\" \"Of course it does!\" \"You just said it didn't mean anything.\" \"It does, just…not like that.\" \"…So you love him…but you're not in love with him?\" \"Something like that.\" \"Ah…\" They sat in silence for a long time. Jon felt something press into his shoulder. \"Gunna take another nap?\" Mary smiled. \"Maybe…maybe not.\" Jon sighed and let his head drop back. He closed his eyes. Jordan? I don't get it. Be with me. Follow me. …It's starting again. We have to leave. Jon opened his eyes. Mary was gone. He heard voices upstairs. He stood up and looked into the kitchen. Jackkeh and Aaron looked back at him. \"What's going on?\" Jon scratched the back of his head. \"Mom and Ray are arguing.\" Jackkeh stated plainly. He honestly didn't care. Ray couldn't do anything. \"They never argue.\" Aaron popped in his two cents. \"…Alright, well you two just stay here. I'm gunna go see what's up.\" XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX \"Why are you getting so worked up about this!? Nothing is going on!\" Jon walked silently to their bedroom door and listened in. \"Oh I dunno Mary, maybe because I saw you two cuddled up all nice and friendly. Twice!\" \"So what!? That doesn't mean anything is going on!\" \"Yeah because it means nothing is going on. I believe that one.\" \"You are acting like a child.\" \"But to you I am one right? How old are you?\" \"Don't start Ray.\" \"No I think I will…\" Jon opened the door and stood casually in the doorway. Ray and Mary stared at him. Ray in anger and Mary in gratitude. \"Do you mind?\" Ray spoke first, annoyed. \"Nah. Continue.\" Jon stared at him blankly. Mary smiled. \"Jordan…\" Jon looked at her. \"Huh?\" \"Go back downstairs.\" Jon faked surprise. \"Oh you mean back to the two kids downstairs? I'm actually surprised at you Ray…you can get pretty nasty can't you?\" Ray didn't say anything. He just pushed past Jon, heading towards the stairs. Jon looked to Mary, who was at least two feet from him now. \"You're welcome.\" Mary tapped his chest with the back of her hand. \"Shut up. I could have dealt with it.\" \"Oh yeah, you were doing really well.\" Obvious sarcasm. Mary stared up at him, but she wasn't glaring. Jon stared back. \"…What?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Looks like something to me.\" \"Does it?\" Jon grinned and went to move away, Mary grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him in. Ray came to the top of the landing just in time to see Mary kiss Jon. Jackkeh peeked over the top step and smirked up at Ray, who was turning reddish-purple. Oh this was getting fun with others involved.[Chapter 5] [A/N:] Sorry it took me so long to get an update in. I've been a little depressed. My dog passed recently. \"What the hell !!\" Ray shouted at basically the top of his lungs. Jackkeh darted back downstairs. Aaron didn't need to be around for this. Jon pulled out of the kiss and backed way from Mary, he pressed his back into the wall. Mary stared at Ray. \"It's nothing.\" Mary told him straightforwardly. [A/N:] I don't know if that's a real word \" That was nothing!?\" \"No.\" \"That's a straight up fucking lie!\" \"Alright, there's no need to be that harsh. Back off Ray.\" Jon spoke up. \"You stay out of this! This is none of your business!\" Ray shouted and pointed at Jon then pointed at Mary. \"And you!?\" \"Me, what Ray? What are you gunna do?\" Mary stepped forward. Jon stared at her. Obviously impressed. Ray seemed at a loss for words now. Jon looked around. Both Mary and himself waiting for Ray to say something. \"…Get out of my house.\" Ray pointed over his shoulder with his thumb. Mary stared at him for a long time before speaking. \"Gladly.\" She went back into the bedroom and took a bag out of the closet. Jon stared at Ray. Ray stared at the floor. Mary walked back out and straight down the hall, not moving at all to slide past Ray. She didn't even try as Ray fell into the wall. Jon followed her down the stairs. Both leaving Ray pressed into the wall and looking rather guilty. \"Where you gunna go?\" Jon asked as he followed Mary down the street. \"Somewhere!\" She called back. \"What about Jackkeh?\" \"He'll find us.\" \"Us?\" \"We both know you're not gunna leave me alone.\" Jon couldn't argue because it was true. So he followed her. He followed her all the way to his trailer then back into downtown L.A. He followed her through the crowds and into a small restaurant. The 'couple' sat at a booth. Mary stared at the table, Jon stared at Mary. \"So what are you gunna do?\" Jon asked again. \"My place is for one only.\" \"I figure something out.\" \"…You sure?\" \"Yes Jordan.\" \"… If you're sure.\" \"I am.\" \"Okay.\" \"Okay.\" Jon laughed quietly. \"So are we gunna get something to eat?\" Mary was about to answer when a loud but dull 'thump' was heard and the restaurant as well as the other buildings near by shook slightly. \"…Uhh…\" Jon looked at Mary, who looked just as confused. They looked out the large front window and saw someone running right at the place like their life depended on it. …It was Jackkeh. He thumped against the glass, the edges cracked. His hazel eyes connected with Mary's. He ran into the place and almost tore the door off the hinges. Jon and Mary stared at him as he darted over to them. \"You've got to see this! Come on!\" He ran back out. The two adults glanced at each other and followed him out. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX Jon and Mary followed Jackkeh out into a large 'patch' of desert. Many people were already there. \"What's going on?\" Jon asked. Jackkeh went and shoved his way to the front of the large and tight circle. Jon and Mary moved to the front. \"Holy…shit…\" Jon mumbled. A large crater had been made. It was possibly over a hundred feet around and several feet deep. At the center was a person. The gender wasn't possible to tell. But they had red hair and regular clothes. The person looked around. The people were staring. Or gawking, whichever the better word was. \"…What are you staring at!?\" It was a male. He sounded a bit angry. \"You never say a god before!? Get outta my face!\" He shouted. He turned to his right, which was the direction Mary and Jon were standing. Jon felt a tug in the back of his mind. A tingle just on the edges of his mind that said he knew this person and they were… \"Move it!\" The red head shoved past them. He stormed away from the crowd, leaving cracks in the earth as he went. Jon looked at Mary. \"Who the hell was that!?\" She shook her head. \"I have no idea. But we're gunna find out. Come on.\" She looked over at Jackkeh and saw Aaron by his side. \"Why'd you bring him?\" Mary whispered viciously to her real son. \"We were walking around! Ray was shouting so I took him out! I didn't know this was gunna happen!\" Jackkeh whispered back. The clamoring crowd couldn't hear them, they were to busy making their own noise. \"Take him back to ray and come find us.\" Mary looked over at Jon and grabbed his arm, she pulled him along out of the crowd. XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX The red head walked around downtown L.A before moving into the more quiet and calm areas of the large city. \"This place is…weird but the same.\" He muttered to himself. \"Hey! Short stuff!\" The red head stopped in his tracks and looked over his shoulder. Jon and Mary stood at the end of the street. \"…What did you just say?\" He asked quietly while glaring daggers at the couple. \"I said short stuff!\" Jon called again. \"…\" The red head continued to glare. \"You got a name shorty?\" \"…\" \"Alright I'm just gunna call you shorty then.\" Jon called. \"Jordan, stop taunting him!\" Mary jabbed her elbow into his ribs. \"Yes Jordan , stop taunting me.\" The red head turned to face them. \"So what your name?\" \"What are yours?\" \"I'm Jon and this is Mary.\" \"…\" The red head cocked his head to the right, giving them a curious look. \"…Married?\" He asked, staring intently with his bright green eyes. \"…Uhh…\" Jon looked at Mary. \"Going through trouble.\" Mary answered. \"Ahh.\" The red head nodded. \"So why did you follow me?\" \"Because you're like us.\" Mary answered. The green eyes turned to her. \"…Oh really?\" \"Yes.\" \"…Prove it.\" Jon bent down and hurled his fist into the tar under their feet. It splintered and cracked and sent a small shockwave after the impact. \"…Well well…I guess you are. But earth seems to be effecting you quite a bit.\" Jon stood up. \"What do you mean?\" The red head gave a short laugh. \"You didn't think you were from Earth did you?\" Jon and Mary stared. The red head stopped laughing. \"Oh…you did.\"[Chapter 6] [A/N:] Finally an update. Sorry for any mistakes. .:Confusion is The Mass Emotion Here:. (Use Force if Needed) \"Wait, wait, wait...\" Jon shook his head in a confused manner. The red head looked at him. \"We're not from here?\" The dark man looked at Mary. \"Well you are. Quite a few of you were.\" The red head answered. \"What's your name, you seem familiar.\" Jon commented on his earlier feeling. \"Uhh...any place besides a street we can go to talk?\" Mary nodded at that. \"He should be out, follow me.\" The other two men followed her quietly and slowly. [A/N:] That sounded like a threesome starter ^_^' \"We're not gunna break into Ray's place are we?\" Jon asked as the houses became familiar. \"It's not breaking in if there's a giant hole in the wall.\" Mary glanced at him over her shoulder. The red head just looked back and forth between the two. The now trio walked through the large hole in the wall and went to the couch. \"She made that.\" Jon stated when he saw the red head looking at the hole. \"With his help.\" Mary responded quickly. \"Oh yeah, she threw me to make it.\" The red head chuckled. He sat and glanced between the others. \"So what's your name?\" Mary asked kindly. \"Marcuss. Two Ss\" The red head answered. \"Where are you from?\" Jon leaned back into the couch. \"Back home.\" Marcuss smirked. \"Which is...where?\" \"You'll find out eventually...are you the only ones?\" Mary nodded. \"Besides Jackkeh.\" \"And that is...?\" Marcuss let the sentence hang. \"Our son.\" Mary mumbled and nodded over to Jon. \"Who I don't remember.\" Mary's flinch went unnoticed. \"That's rough.\" Jon nodded. \"Very.\" \"So what's the story?\" Mary asked finally. \"Hmm?\" \"Why are we here if there's another place for us.\" \"Oh...well it was a long time ago.\" \"We wanna hear it anyways.\" Jon shifted. \"Alright...well...it was part of a reaserch plan. To find another place that held life like our own.\" Marcuss started. \"We found Earth was the only one close enough at the time. Teams were picked and disspatched for the planet. The scientists wanted to see if we could survive and how we would evolve over time. The information that was sent back home told the reaserchers that we couldn't live with our partner if we stayed together long enough. Something about Earths genetic material and the way the humans were composed made it impossible. They called the mission a faliure and wanted to bring the teams home. Some did...others decided to stay and try and branch out our race. That didn't work and...well you know the rest of the story.\" Jon and Mary stared at him. \"What?\" Marcuss asked curiously. \"Are you serious?\" Jon asked, clearly shocked. \"Very.\" \"We didn't get a choice in any of this?\" \"Mm...you were some of the few to have been born during the reaserch project just when it was called faliure. Your parents must have decided to stay.\" Marcuss explained. \"So what happens with partners at...home?\" Mary asked, uncomfortable with the word in this situation. \"We pair up and that's that. basically all that can kill us is a special kind of poison.\" Marcuss looked thoughtful. \"Why are you here?\" Jon's brow furrowed. \"Retrival mission. I was finally ordered to bring everybody back.\" \"But everybody else is gone and we don't remember anything from where we were children.\" Mary explained with a confusd face. \"Well then you're going back with me.\" Marcuss stated. \"What about the people we care about?\" \"Say goodbye, I have strict orders...no one but our kind is allowed back.\" \"What if we say no?\" Jon leaned forward. \"I am instructed to use force if needed.\" The red head had a deadly tone in his voice now.[Chapter 7] [A/N:] Finally an update. Sorry for any mistakes. .:No Other Way:. (Pinching Is Not Allowed) \"So we have to go...no other option?\" Jon asked. \"No. No other options, no other ways. No nothing. You come with me. That's the only option.\" Marcuss stated. \"Can we bring anyone?\" Jon continued. \"Only the son you mentioned.\" \"...Alright.\" Mary stood. Jon stared at her. \"What!? We're just gunna do what he says?\" \"He said it himself...there's no other option. Let's just get Jackkeh, and go. We don't need to start anything.\" Jon huffed and sat back. \"...You're the calm one eh?\" Marcuss looked from Jon to Mary. Mary nodded. \"Always.\" She walked out. \"Meet back at where I landed!\" Marcuss shouted after her, not that he really needed to. \"Let's go.\" Marcuss stood and waited for Jon, who stood slowly and followed behind the red head. Mary found Jackkeh and Aaron wandering around the streets. \"Mom!\" Aaron shouted and smiled. Mary flinched. Aaron was a sweet kid and she loved him but...she was not his mother and she would never claim him as her son. \"Come on.\" She spoke sternly. \"Where?\" Aaron looked between the two. \"Back to Ray's.\" Jakkeh hummed and nodded. \"Come on.\" He pulled on Aaron's shoulder and the boy followed them. Jon and Marcuss had left already by the time they got back to Ray's. But the man was already home. \"Hey...um about...\" Mary held up a hand. \"Don't bother saying sorry. This is it Ray...I hope you stay a happy man.\" She looked back at Jackkeh. \"See ya later.\" He pushed on Aaron's shoulders and the young one went to his father's side. Mary turned her back on the two. \"Come on.\" She turned Jackkeh around and they walked out of the house. \"Wait...where are you going?\" Ray called after them. Mary and Jackkeh kept walking. \"Mary!?\" No answer. \"...Mom...?\" Mary flinched. Jon and Marcuss were waiting for them patiently. \"Ready?\" Marcuss glanced at Jackkeh. \"For...what?\" Jackkeh looked up at his mother. \"Yeah we are. Jon could you carry him?\" Jon nodded. \"Sure thing. Come on little dude.\" \"Little dude?\" Jackkeh smirked. \"That's a new one.\" Jon hoisted Jackkeh up onto his back. \"I don't even know where we're going.\" Jackkeh commented. \"Neither do we.\" Jon replied. \"Just follow me.\" Marcuss shook his head. \"We'll follow the signal.\" \"What signal?\" Jackkeh questioned. \"Just follow me!\" Small cracks opened in the dirt when they left. And no one saw a thing. END [A/N:] Don't worry there will be a sequel. There need to be more Hancock stories so I'm working on it by myself. If anyone else wants to write a several chapter story for this movie please do! I'd love to read it! ","Summary":" Jon Hancock grunted and pulled his cap away from his eyes. A small boy was staring at him. \"…What "},{"Movie":"Hancock","Title":"Dying to be alive and loved","Author":"No Fate 1990","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7288950","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Scene: The Jungle-Somewhere in South America Hancock: I hate it that those indians burnt down our cabin. Now we don't have a house so we have to wander in the jungle. Mary(sitting down on the ground): My water broke Hancock(frightened): OH MY GOD Mary(preparing herself to give birth): I guess that the birth will have to take place here in the jungle. Hancock: No Mary: Why not? Hancock: The jungle isn't a hospital Mary: So what? Hancock: The babies should be born in a hospital where a doctor can help you if a complication may arise during the birth Mary: I am sorry to say that we are going to be stuck here in the jungle. I don't feel like walking because my back is hurting and I am starting to have contractions. We probably won't have enough time to get to the hospital for the babies are on their way. Hancock: OK, Mary, we can do it your way Mary: Thank you Hancock: I don't feel like fighting with you because I don't want anything bad to happen to the babies Mary: And now we wait Hancock: For what? Mary: We will wait for the babies to be born Hancock(massaging Mary's shoulders): How are you feeling right now? Mary (crying out in pain, she grabs hold of Hancock): I am having contraction and it hurts really bad Hancock(holding Mary very tightly): Don't worry, Mary, I am here Mary(continuously,crying out in pain as she endures more contractions): OH MY GOD, the contractions are coming in just like ocean waves Hancock(removing a strand of hair away from Mary's face): Don't forget to breathe Mary: Can you check my cervix to see if I am fully dialated? Hancock(checking Mary's cervix): Honey, you are fully dialated. You can start pushing whenever you start having a contraction. Mary(screaming from contractions, she starts pushing): AHH..AHH..AHH..AHH Hancock(watching the babies come into the world): OH MY GOD Mary(screaming as she holds Hancock's hand): AH..AH..AH..AH..AH Hancock(crying as he holds Mary): Mary, hearing you screaming is making me want to cry. Seeing you in pain is one of the worst things that I can ever witness in my life. I blame myself for causing you pain because I got you pregnant. Mary(holding Hancock very tightly): I consider having your babies to be a blessing. I know childbirth may be a risky business for anyone especially me to embark, but I am willingly to sacrifice my life for our children. Hancock: I wish that we were at a hospital where you can get some medication for your pain Mary(becoming tired): Pushing two babies out of my body is really hard work. I wonder are the babies out of me yet? Hancock(giving Mary her son to hold): Here is Silas, Mary Mary(crying as she holds cyrus): I love you, my beautiful son (Having another contraction, Mary prepares herself to bring her daughter into the world) Mary(feeling the urge to push, she yells): I have to push Hancock(preparing to catch the baby): So push Mary(crying out in pain, she screams as she begins to push): AHH..AHH..AHH Hancock(choked up): the umbilical cord is tied around the baby's neck Mary(panicky): OH God, Hank, are you serious? Hancock: Yes I am very serious Mary(choked up): please take the umbilical cord off of the baby's neck because it is choking her Hancock(fearful): I don't want to hurt our daughter Mary: Fiona and I might die if you don't take the umbilical cord off of her neck Hancock(trying to untie the cord): OK, I'm working on it (the umbilical cord still won't come off of Fiona's neck no matter how many times Hancock tries to free her of it) Hancock(worried): I'm having trouble getting the cord off of Fiona's neck Mary(crying): Fiona is more important to the world than me. I beg you to take the goddamn umbilical cord off of her neck. Just do whatever you can to save her life instead of my life. Hancock(crying): Mary, you are very important to the world. You are not going to die because I won't allow you to die. I love you too much to allow you to die. I am going to save your life because Silas and Fiona need their mother. Mary: Kyle, I love you and I trust you with my life Hancock: Mary, I love you so please just keep holding on to your life for my sake Mary: We were never meant to exist together, but I can't stop loving you. Hancock(kissing Mary): I love you (Anxious, Mary waits patiently for Hancock to untie the umbilical cord around Fiona's neck. Hancock carefully brings the rest of Fiona's body into the world. The sound of Fiona's crying makes both Mary and Hancock cry)[Chapter 2] Hancock(giving Fiona to Mary to hold): Fiona needs a hug from her mother Mary(crying as she holds Fiona): I love you, oh, yes I do love you with all of my heart (Unable to locate an airplane or hospital anywhere, Hancock and Mary just wander about the jungle and play with their twins. Mary starts hemorrhaging in which worries Hancock) Mary(bleeding heavily, she cries out in pain): OH MY GOD Hancock(concerned): What is the matter with you, love? Mary(clinging onto her bloodstained clothes): Its the afterbirth, I am hemorrhaging. In other words, I am losing a lot of blood. Hancock: So what? Mary(placing Hancock's hands underneath her dress): I am having trouble delivering the placenta. I may need your assistance. Hancock(preparing to catch the placenta): Mary, how may I help you? Mary: The placenta appears to be stuck somewhere deep inside my vagina. I will continue to bleed out if the placenta isn't delivered. I need you to get the placenta out of me asap. Hancock(pulling the placenta out of Mary's vagina): Don't worry, Mary, your ordeal will be over soon Mary(overcome with pain and pressure, she screams): AHA..AHA..AHA..AHA..AHA Hancock(presenting Mary with the placenta): The placenta is out of you so you can now relax and breathe. We can keep the placenta if you want to keep it. Mary: You can just bury the placenta in the ground Hancock(burying the placenta in the ground): Alright Mary(breastfeeding the twins): Fiona and Silas, I love you so much Hancock(spotting a nearby airplane heading his direction): Thank God, our saviors are finally here Mary and Hancock(shouting to the airplane pilot): Help, please rescue us (The airplane pilot sees Mary and Hancock and rescues them. Mary and Hancock along with their twins are taken to the hospital)[Chapter 3] Scene 3: The airplane ride to the hospital Airplane pilot: What are your names? Hancock: My name is Hancock Mary(holding a sleeping Silas and Fiona in her arms): My name is Mary Hancock(referring to Fiona and Silas): These are our newborn twins, Silas and Fiona Pilot: Mary and Hancock, how did y'all get stuck in the jungle? Hancock: Indians burnt down our cabin so thats how we ended up in the jungle Pilot: Thats not good Mary: I know Pilot: I don't understand what a cute couple like yourself doing in Indian Territory? Mary: Hancock and I were on our honeymoon Hancock(placing a locket around Mary's neck): This locket is for you, sweetheart Mary(smiling): Thanks Hancock(taking notice of more bloodstains on Mary's dress again): oh my god, Mary, you are bleeding out again Mary(frightened, she begs Hancock): I need to go to the hospital as soon as possible before I bleed to death Hancock(ordering the airplane pilot): My wife is bleeding and possibly dying, please take us to the hospital Pilot(determined): I am working on it, we are almost to the hospital as we are speaking[Chapter 4] Scene 4: The hospital-Mary's hospital recovery room-after surgery Mary(waking up from anesthesia): Hancock.. Hancock(sitting down at Mary's bedside, he holds her hand): Yes, honey, I am here Mary: What was the outcome of the surgery? Hancock(choked up, he squeezes Mary's hand): You lost so much blood that you had to undergo a hysterectomy Mary(sitting up in bed): What is a hysterectomy? Hancock(somewhat emotional): A hysterectomy is a surgical removal of the uterus Mary(crying, she embraces Hancock): I can't have anymore babies Hancock(holding Mary very tightly): I will always love you Mary(sobbing): Hank, I am apologize for ruining our honeymoon. In fact, I am very sorry for ruining your life because you never wanted me in the first place. Hancock: You are not worthless, you shouldn't let your conscience fool you. You are my everything and noone is ever going replace you in my life. Mary, I will be fine with only having two kids at the end of the day. Mary(doubtful): How can you be so sure that I am the right one for one? Hancock(kissing Mary): I love you Mary(kissing Hancock): I love you too Hancock: I thank you so much for allowing me to be apart of your life. I thank you so much for giving me the gift of life. Mary: I should've died out there in the jungle. You loved me enough to want to save my life. You are a total life saver and I love you for it. Hancock: You are safe now so fear exists no more Mary: By the way, how are the twins doing? Hancock: Thank God, the twins are alive and healthy Mary(doubtful): How can you be so sure that they don't have any brain damage or anything else? Hancock(breaking down in tears at the thought of Fiona): Mary, Fiona has cerebral palsy Mary(becoming emotional): What is cerebral palsy? Hancock: Cerebral palsy is a disorder caused by brain damage before, during or after birth. Cerebral palsy is usually marked by defective muscle control, seizures and developmental delays such as walking. Mary(feeling guilty, she has a mental and emotional breakdown): I have a special needs child and it is all my fault Hancock: Mary, it is not your fault that Fiona has cerebral palsy. Don't worry, Fiona will still able to live her life and change the world one heart at a time. Maternity nurse(holding the twins in her arms, she walks into the room): I have a very special delivery Mary(holding the babies in her arms, she starts crying): I love you, my two miracle babies Hancock(kissing Mary): I love you Mary(smiling at Hancock): I love you more[Chapter 5] Mary's point of view Forever the same old flames burn once again and kisses from my beloved turn my world upside down. Forever the same old flames burn once again and the mind games begin. Driven by destiny and fate, I call upon the names of angels. I am speechless and eventually fall asleep in angels' arms where I feel at home. The chase is on between two lovesick starcrossed hearts and plays out like a movie. Holding onto blue skies, breathing is never a sin whenever love is involved. Chosen to be loved, to be held for once is such a honor and a privilege, a blessing. Chosen to be loved, God is at work to bring new life into the world. This deeply passionate romance, state of divine grace and innocence renews faith in the impossible and plants a seed of hope into the ground.[Chapter 6] Hancock's point of view The ever present ghost, the ever present mountain of yesterday's fears and tears gives birth to confusion. Weak, the once intelligent human mind is now a candle in the wind. Free falling through air, free falling through life, the human mind is torn asunder and reaches a point of surrender. Tender to the touch, fragile tiny miracle of God, stand still and smile for a while. Over time rust turns into dust eventually becoming hope and faith takes on the form of trust. Faithfully devoted to internal pride, there has to be a way to finish the climb up to the mountain top. There has to be a way to breakthrough the chaos and see the light once again. Battling one obstacle after another, its a never ending cycle of drama, heart warfare. Learning to breathe is similar to riding a bicycle for the first time. Filled with many life experiences, everyday is a lesson within itself. Awakening up to love, embrace life as a dove and be strong enough to move mountains, overcome obstacles. The oracle says there will be more sunrises, golden years and few bumps in the road.[Chapter 7] Mary's point of view Waking up in a fairytale, heartache doesn't exist anymore. Love can be found through the eyes of grace, a celestial immortal. Heaven bound, keep looking up at the sky and find peace of mind instead of looking down at the ground. Blessed, everyday is one big huge miracle within itself. Love does exist, its never too late to celebrate love and embrace life. Whenever there is an opportunity to be a blessing, be moved and touched by the spirit of thanksgiving in this holy city of angels.[Chapter 8] Hancock's point of view Longing to breathe beyond zero degrees Celsius, I am holding out for a hero. I am holding out for a tight bear hug. Please save me from myself before night arrives and takes away the best parts of me. Our eyes interlock and you see right through my invincible dying soul. Valuable, I am wanted by you and I block out every negative thought coming into my mind. Rolling in deep waters, the matters of my heart speak volumes to you and you come to my rescue. You make me smile and laugh, you are my savior that is a total life saver. Every tear drop is a waterfall planting a seed of hope in my heart's rose garden. Blessed and anointed by God, everything is painted a shade of yellow and gives off a celestial glow.[Chapter 9] Mary's point of view Living on through fireworks, love lights up the night sky and in return giving sight to the blind. Love is a movement, one heartbeat away from becoming a revolution and earthquake. I am safe in this shelter of love, your arms because I am never in harms' way. I heart you so much I make you to be apart of my art. I wonder what I can do to make you feel my love. Earth angel, you are the only thing in the world that I hold dearest to my heart. You are the closet thing to heaven that I'll ever be. We are family and I want this, you and me together forever.[Chapter 10] Hancock's point of view Strong enough to survive through heaven and hell, move along. Growing stronger with each passing day, stay positive instead of negative. Holding onto hope, learn to live for today instead of waiting for tomorrow to come. Holding onto hope, give life and in return conceive and receive love. Blessed with the gift of new life, be internally and eternally grateful forever.[Chapter 11] Mary's point of view Doomed from birth, fate weighs heavily on the mind causing the conscience to be in a very delicate fragile state. Chasing after an endless light, there is always a reason to be in great distress. Trying to find a voice, there is no choice other than listening to the heart speak. Caught up in an uncontrollable deeply forbidden passionate lust called puppy love, happy endings do exist. Dying to be free and breathe, dying to be loved and believe in the impossible, godspeed. Hanging on by a moment, holding on by a thread, all roads lead to home in which is Rome. In a place where blue skies reign supreme, dreams do come true. Dark and mysterious, aligned crossed stars build an ongoing mystery and eventually find a place in history. Sharing a divine connection, angels spread their wings and transform into butterflies.[Chapter 12] Hancock's point of view We stick to each other like glue and I care enough to show you my true colors. I care enough to have a little faith in you. I care enough to show you tough love and help you move mountains in your life. Your gratitude is long overdue, you eat my heart right out of me like cookie dough. I have reached my breaking point so I care enough to let you go. You are not worth my time or tears at the end of the day. I have held your hand for all of these years and now I am loosening the reins.[Chapter 13] Mary's point of view Underneath the crimson sun, beneath the stars and stripes, beyond the warmth and comfort of a sweater and mother earth, lets weep and travel to the deep end of the ocean. One bitter sweet day an infant ray of sunshine was laid to rest and said nomore. The unexpected loss of life set a couple's love nest on fire. Its truly a mad world whenever bad sad news is more accepted than good news and there is no need to pray anymore. Gray black rain clouds hovering above a daydreamer's paradise prophesy a storm is coming. Returning back to clay, dying prematurely is nearly as tragic as a Shakespearan play. The shedding of innocent red blood gives a voice to those who are broken, taken for granted or just slipped away. Missing unconditional agape love, silence now fills an empty room, a barren womb where a life once occupied. Never easy or silly, life will never be a fantasy for as long as the valley of death continues to exist.[Chapter 14] Hancock's point of view Living in constant despair and fear, I don't know why I feel so distant if I am loved. Living in constant despair and fear, it is like breathing without any air in my lungs and undergoing rounds of chemotherapy. My silent cries for help, my wounds cry out from beyond the grave. The loud never ending violent sounds of chaos in my little private world invite you to join in my self pity party where you play the role of being my savior. The invincible scars on my heart, my tears capture your attention and speaks volumes to you. You are never once hesitant to reach out to me. Against all odds, I remain resitant to share my pain with you although you have promised me blue skies. Unable to stand on my own two feet, I hold on to your voice of reason like a rope because you are my only last hope for a cure. You love me enough to show me tough love and have a little faith in me. ","Summary":" Scene: The Jungle-Somewhere in South America Hancock: I hate it that those indians burnt down our c"},{"Movie":"Attack the Block","Title":"New Girl's on the Block","Author":"LittleRedxoxo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8711319","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: So I watched this movie the other day and I found myself dying to do a fanfiction on it. This story will be be based before, during and maybe after the A.T.B movie. Also the link to what Texas and India look like are on my profile. I'm not sure which characters to pair the girls up with yet but if you have any requests then let me know. So that's about it and I hope you enjoy the story. Also I kind of re-writ the story. I stared up at the very large tower block and my eyes widened slightly \"Please. If you love me you'll tell me we're living on one of the lower floors\" I said without turning to face my parents. \"Love us? They haven't loved us since we quit...well, everything\" My sister India whispered also staring at our new home. \"There are 19 floors girls. And we are on the 7th\" Dad muttered as he unloaded the car. \"Well. When they're unpacking at least we'll have something to do\" India said trying to point out the bright side \"What's that?\" I sighed. \"Stay out all night and just tell them we got lost in the block\" she replied. I turned my head and found her smirking my way. \"See, this is why people call you the smarter twin\" I exclaimed. She shrugged. \"What can I say? I just happened to get the brains aswell\" she said linking her right arm through my left. \"We're identical plonker if you're pretty then I am aswell\" I said rolling my eyes. \"Language\" Mum exclaimed irritatedly, India and I both shook our heads at her before turning back to face the block. \"Maybe the people are fun\" I said hopefully. \"All I want you girls concentrating on are your school work\" Mum said glaring at us. We both nodded but once her back was turned we flipped her off. \"Probably just a bunch of old guys and pedo's. And the school is...well the schools fine\" I said shrugging. India chuckled. \"So what number is ours?\" she asked turning her head to face our parents. \"101\" Dad replied. She nodded and gave me a look that I knew all too well. \"I don't know\" I said shrugging slightly. She gave me a pleading look. \"C'mon. At least on the way up we can just talk about anything we want without being told off. I know better than' anyone that you love run around places that you've never been before\" she whined. I sighed and paused for a few seconds. \"Fine. Let's go\" I caved. She silently cheered to herself and we both spun around. \"See you at the top\" India exclaimed excitedly before grabbing my hand and pulling me towards the building. \"They're gonna kill us Ind'. They're gonna have to drag all our stuff up while we run through the halls\" I said as we headed towards the door to the tower. \"So what? They give us shit everyday even though we acted like show-dogs for them wankers. It's our turn to have fun now\" she replied walking backwards so that she was facing me. \"Why are you always right?\" I asked annoyed. She shrugged \"Maybe because I'm older\" she smirked knowing it would irritate me. \"By a few seconds!\" I shouted pausing and throwing my hands up. \"A'right keep it down. Don't wanna announce to everyone that we're here. Besides we could get mugged for all you know. Save the shouting for when we actually get inside\" she said. She tried to pull open the door but found that it wouldn't budge \"C'mon\" she moaned pulling harder. I realised why it wasn't opening and I stopped her from actually breaking the door down. \"India. You need one of those weird scan key things to get in\" I told her while pointing to the scanner \"Either we use a key or get someone to buzz us in\" I sighed while crossing my arms. She shook her head in annoyance but suddenly had a look of thought. \"Good plan little sister\" she mumbled. Before I knew what was happening she had pushed the buzzer for one of the flats on the 12th floor. \"What are you doing?\" I asked with wide eyes. She put a finger to her lips motioning that I should be quiet before a voice came through the buzzer. \"'Ello?\" \"Uh hi mate we kind of left our key in the flat d'you mind letting us in?\" she asked hopefully. I bit down on my lip hard and waited for the sweet sound of the door being unlocked. \"Yeah a'right\" India slowly pulled open the door and I inwardly cheered. \"Thanks mate\" I said to the guy who let us in before walking into the main part of the building with India. \"Tex\" My seconds older sister sang, I looked up and found her in the lift smirking \"Race yah\" she exclaimed. The lift doors slowly started to close and I screamed in annoyance before starting my run up the stairs. I know it's stupid trying to outrun a lift but we did it in every flat we'd ever been in. Sure this was our first time living in a flat but I was desperate to make the most of it. I had absolutely no idea what floor I was on but I made sure to press the down button on the lift to buy myself some extra time \"No runnin' in the block!\" I jerked to a stop and found about 5 boys sat down on the stairs in front of me. I rolled my eyes and walked towards them. \"Bite me. Wanker\" I snapped. They all laughed slightly and turned to face the kid who I assumed told me not to run. \"You got a big mouth\" he said glaring slightly. I shrugged and somehow managed to step over them. \"Deal with it. Later\" I said about to start running again. Unfortunately one of them decided to grab onto the bottom of my shirt preventing me from going anywhere. \"Why don' you chill 'ere with us?\" he asked quickly smirking at his mates. I moved my leg out of reach and looked around. \"What floor is this?\" I asked curiously. He shrugged. \"5th floor. Why?\" The one with glasses asked. They all looked like they were part of a gang and could probably mug me if they wanted to...but I didn't really care at the moment. \"Fuck\" I groaned. They all stared at me confused and I shrugged before running again.[Chapter 2] By the time I'd actually reached the 7th floor I was just about ready to pass out, I knew India had probably gotten to the flat already but at least I'd tried. The cow would always go up in the elevator and make me race her by stairs...I had won once. I made my way through the double doors leading to the floor and I looked both ways before actually walking through, I couldn't exactly see India but she had to be around here somewhere \"A'right sis?\" I inwardly screamed at myself and turned to see India leaning against the wall, arms crossed. \"Twat\" I said tilting my head and glaring a bit. She merely shrugged. \"Eh it wasn't my fault you were too slow. You need to stop bunking off gym, get your energy levels back up\" she said teasingly. I smiled despite attempting not to and shoved her. \"Let's see how you like it. You try running up about 50,000 stairs without stopping and see how you like it. Plus I got distracted on my way up\" I replied shrugging. She gave me a disbelieving look. \"Falling up the stairs is not a distraction\" she said crossing her arms. I rolled my eyes and started to walk towards our flat. \"I didn't fall and that was one time. There were these boys on the stairs\" I explained. Everything suddenly went quiet and the only thing I could hear was my boot heels against the floor as I walked. \"Boys?\" she asked hopefully. I turned around and nodded. \"Yeah. About our age, seemed like total wankers but they were quite fit\" I said walking backwards. She nodded once again having that deep look of thought on her face. \"What's your plan?\" I asked knowingly. She sighed and shook her head a bit as though she didn't agree with it either. \"It's nothing\" she shrugged. My eyes narrowed as she walked towards me. \"Your plans are never 'nothing'. They always involve fun for us and annoying for mum and dad. So you're telling me\" I said grabbing her arm to stop her walking past me. \"I don't know Tex. This could be a stretch even for us\" she replied a bit unsure. I shrugged. \"I don't care. As long as we're together remember?\" I asked holding up my right hand to show her the tiny pink scar in the middle of my palm. She held up her own showing me the identical scar on her palm. \"Yeah. I know it's nuts but what would mum and dad think if we started hanging out with gang boys?\" she asked slightly excited at the idea. I smirked and nodded. \"Once again an' amazing plan. Why wouldn't you tell me before?\" I asked curiously. She shrugged. \"They could be psycho's. And as much as I love to wind up mum and dad I don't want either of us getting hurt\" she admitted. I smiled sympathetically. \"I know. They seemed okay, also seemed like cocky ass twats but I doubt they were psycho's\" I said. She nodded and I shrugged. \"So, you wanna go see if they're still there? It's okay if you don't\" I said shaking my head. She thought for a moment before smirking. \"Let's do it\" she said excitedly. I giggled and linked my arm through hers before we headed back towards the stairs. When we reached the 6th floor I could easily hear them shouting and laughing, though I was both nervous and excited \"You ready?\" I asked turning my head to see my sister. She nodded. \"Let's do it\" she said quietly so they didn't hear us. I bit my bottom lip slightly before nodding and descending the stairs. \"Yo quiet fam'\" One of the boys exclaimed. I knew they could hear us coming but they probably thought we were a pissed of old guy or something. \"No need to get scared. Just me\" I announced while turning the corner. They all seemed to relax as soon as they realised I wasn't going to attack them. \"I nearly shit myself\" One exclaimed. \"Decided to come hang with us did yah love?\" The one who'd grabbed onto my shirt asked rather cockily. I rolled my eyes. \"Nope. I came to say sorry for calling one of you a wanker, I was in a rush and I get bitchy when I'm running\" I admitted shrugging. They nodded. \"That's a'right. How come we ain't seen you round 'ere before?\" The one with the black baseball cap asked. I slowly walked towards them dragging India behind me. \"I'm new. Well, we're new actually\" I said moving so that they could see India aswell. Their eyes seemed to flicker back and forth for a few seconds. \"Did one of you spike my drink again? Am I seein' two's or are they twins?\" The one with a slight afro exclaimed. I smiled in amusement and so did India. \"No, we're twins\" she confirmed. We walked closer to them and sat down on the top step. \"Yo, we've never 'ad twins in the block before\" he said a bit excited. \"So what's your names?\" India asked re-gaining her confidence again. \"I'm Moses, this is Dennis, Jerome, Biggz and Pest\" Baseball boy said pointing out each of his mates as he named them \"What about you two?\" he asked. \"I'm India and this is Texas. Or Tex for short\" India said. They nodded. \"Your parents named you after Countries?\" Jerome asked slightly intrigued. I nodded. \"Yeah. And don't worry if you mix us up everyone else does\" I said sighing. \"Is there any way to tell you apart?\" Biggz asked hopefully. I smiled a little. \"Yeah. I've got blue eyes and Tex has got green. Which is weird because my favourite colour's green and hers is blue\" India said tilting her head a bit confused. \"Which flat did you move into then?\" Pest asked curiously. \"101. The 7th floor\" India groaned. \"At least you don't live at the top. An' don't be surprised if you smell weed 'ere, that's just Ron's weed room on the 12th floor. Spreads like mad that smell\" Biggz exclaimed. I nodded. \"Don't bother me. Probably bother mum and dad though\" India said giving me a mischievous look. I giggled quietly and realised that we should probably get back to the flat. \"Speaking of which mum has been decorating our room and I wanna make sure she hasn't gone overboard. C'mon\" I said standing up and holding my hand out to India. She pouted and nudged her head to where the boys were sat. \"Oh c'mon. You can stay a bit longer can't you?\" Dennis asked with his eyes on India. I rolled my eyes and shook my head. \"Sorry boys. You know where we live so maybe tomorrow you can come find us\" I said pulling India to her feet. \"Maybe we will. Later girls\" Moses said nodding. We both waved slightly before walking back upstairs.[Chapter 3] It was our first day of school and India was less than' pleased. Our parents had already gone to work leaving us to wake ourselves up and get to school on time which would have been fine...except we didn't know where the school was. And to make matters worse we had to walk since we were only 15 and too young to drive, if I had been going through it alone I probably would have cried at that point. But I had my sister who had decided to make it her job to put us both down by any means necessary. \"We don't even know where it is! We're new so people will probably try picking on us and most likely take our money\" she exclaimed as I locked the flat door. I turned to face her with an' annoyed look. \"Taking our money? Really? India this isn't an' American movie it's real life and in London, plus I doubt they'll take our money. And they won't start on us unless we say something stupid so in short keep your mouth shut\" I said warningly. she rolled her eyes and we started walking towards the lifts. \"So how are we supposed to find the school?\" she asked crossing her arms. I shrugged. \"I dunno. Why are you so desperate to get to school anyway? Wasn't it you encouraging me to mitch school back in Manchester?\" I asked knowingly. She sighed. \"Yes. Look I just think it might be good to go today so that they don't phone mum and dad, that way we'll be out of trouble for at least a few days\" she explained. I nodded in thought. \"I suppose, d'you think those boys from yesterday know where the school is?\" I asked hopefully. \"Maybe, but even if they did why would they tell us? They probably don't even go\" she replied. I nodded in agreement and groaned when we reached the lifts. \"Out of order? Really?\" India exclaimed in annoyance. I opened the doors to the stairs and she soon followed. \"This is the worst day ever. And people wonder why teenagers hate Monday's\" she said as we walked down. \"I know Ind'. Let's just get through today and then we won't have to worry about anything else. Okay?\" I asked trying to cheer her up. I made it my duty when we were 10 to keep her calm no matter what...though it didn't always work. \"Yes, fine\" she groaned. I smiled in satisfaction and we carried on walking. We soon reached the exit door and I just knew it wasn't our best day \"You've got to be joking\" India said angrily while shaking her head. It was hammering down with rain and I knew we didn't have an' umbrella on us. \"Maybe we should run\" I suggested. She turned to me and glared. \"In these shoes? No fucking way\" she snapped. We were both wearing black trainer wedges and even though they weren't that high I doubted we could run fast in them. \"Well then what do we do?\" I asked gesturing to the rain outside. \"We could go back up to the flat and get an' umbrella. But I'm a lazy bitch and with the elevator not working there's no way I'm taking those stairs again\" she said shaking her head. \"We could speed-walk? I need to go to the shop anyway and it's only down the street. While I get my drink you could ask someone where the school is, and if we need to we could get a bus I mean mum and dad gave us a tenner each\" I pointed out. she sighed but nodded. \"I guess. Fine let's go and get wet\" she muttered. I smiled in amusement before opening the door. \"Fuck\" I sighed as we walked out into the rain. We managed to reach the shop but not without consequence, both our hair was dripping wet and so were our clothes \"You know I think we should have just stayed home today\" I said rubbing my arms. India glared at me...again. \"Now you say\" she said sarcastically. I rolled my eyes and walked down the isle to find the drinks while she walked off somewhere else. I soon found the drinks and I decided to grab the cheap coke to save on money \"Tex!\" I looked down the isle to see India walking towards me. \"Any good news?\" I asked hopefully. She shrugged. \"I guess. Guy at the counter said there's a bus that stops across the street and it stops right outside the school. He said we'll know the school when we see it and the bus number is 13\" she explained. I nodded and sighed in relief. \"At least we know how to get to school now\" I said making my way towards the counter. \"Yeah, I wonder what it'll be like\" she said in thought. I nodded and handed the register guy 60p. \"Same, probably a shit tip\" I replied dropping the coke bottle into my bag. \"Well we are in London. But yah never know Tex it might be alright\" she said as we walked towards the exit. It was still raining but it was a bit lighter than' before. \"At least it's calmed down\" I said shrugging. She nodded. \"Yeah, but I'm still fucking freezing and it doesn't help that our clothes are wet\" she said with an annoyed tone. I rolled my eyes and once again walked out into the rain. \"Why must you constantly bring me down Ind'?\" I asked making my way to the bus stop across the road. \"Because our lives wouldn't be as fun\" she replied in a bored tone. I laughed and checked the bus times. \"2 Minutes. Best news I've heard all morning\" I said grateful to not have to stand around in the cold for long. \"Thank fuck\" India sighed sitting down on the bench. I sat next to her and pulled out my phone. \"How long do we have?\" she asked. \"About half an' hour. School starts at 10 past 9\" I replied shrugging and putting my phone back into my bag. She nodded. \"Good. D'you think the rest of our day is gonna be shit? I mean we haven't exactly had an' easy morning\" she said glancing down at her still wet clothes. \"Well...I have no idea\" I admitted shaking my head. She let her head fall back against the shelter glass and stared up at the ceiling. \"I hate Mondays\" she muttered closing her eyes. I chuckled and rolled my eyes. \"Drama queen. Oh bus is here\" I exclaimed jumping down from the seat and walking around the shelter. \"That was quick\" India said a little surprised. I shrugged and pulled out my money just as the double decker doors opened. The bus started moving as soon as we got on and I stumbled agains't the stairs \"Fuck\" I exclaimed grabbing onto the pole next to me. \"Bloody driver\" India muttered as we carried on walking up the stairs. \"Well at least now all we have to do is sit and wait\" I pointed out while hopping into the front seat. India nodded and sat down in the opposite seats. \"I know right?\" she asked dropping her bag onto the floor while lifting her feet up onto the seat. \"I'm actually nervous\" I admitted taking off my wet coat and putting it down next to my bag. \"Why?\" she asked curiously. \"Because we don't know anyone in that school, although I have to admit it would be scarier if I was doing it alone\" I replied leaning my head against the seat. \"Ditto. I wonder what those boys are doing right now\" she said in thought. I nodded. \"Oi look it is them girls!\" A familiar voice shouted. India smiled and I rolled my eyes.[Chapter 4] Author's Note: Sorry I haven't updated in a while, I've been busy with my M.B.A.V story. But here is the next chapter, hope you enjoy it. We both turned our heads to see the gang from the block sat at the back of the bus, they were all there and seemed to be joined by a girl we didn't know. Before I knew what was happening Biggz had run up the bus aisle and planted himself right in the seat behind India \"So, where you girls off then?\" he asked fidgeting in the seat. Either he'd eaten a lot of sugar this morning or he was naturally like this...either way it was very amusing. \"School. What about you?\" India asked turning to face him. \"Same, what school d'you go to?\" he asked narrowing his eyes. \"I dunno, Church something\" I replied shrugging. His eyes widened and he jumped out of the seat. \"Yo boys!\" he shouted running back down towards his mates. India gave me an' amused look that I returned with a shrug. \"That was weird\" she whispered turning back around. I nodded and stared out the window hoping for some peace...it didn't last long. About 5 minutes after Biggz had gone back his other two friends decided to join us, India was obviously very pleased \"So Biggz tells us you're goin' to our school, what d'you think of that?\" Dennis asked resting his arms behind India's head on the top of her seat. \"I think it's a strange coincidence. Why what do you think it is?\" she asked smirking. He shrugged, \"I 'reckon it's luck\" he said leaning a little bit closer to her. I rolled my eyes and leaned back in my seat. \"Why you up 'ere on your own for? Come chill with us\" Pest said from behind me. I looked back to see him glancing between me and India. \"Should we?\" she asked giving me a pleading look. I sighed. \"Oh please, we'll 'ave fun I swear. What else are you gonna do 'till we get there?\" he asked knowingly. I groaned but nodded. \"A'right let's go\" I caved while picking up my bag. \"Yes\" Dennis cheered as India did the same. They were the first to start walking while I waited for Pest to go first. \"Ladies first\" he said gesturing to the aisle. I tilted my head and smirked. \"Men just before\" I retorted. He chuckled and shook his head before reluctantly going before me. I fell down into one of the seats in front while India took the seat opposite me. The girl, Moses, Biggz and Jerome were sat in the line of seats right at the back while Dennis and Pest occupied the seats in front of them. India and I were also in those seats \"Okay let me see if I can get it. India and Tex right?\" Jerome asked pointing to India then me. I smiled and nodded. \"Right. Surprisingly\" India said shaking her head. \"So you two actually goin' school then?\" Biggz asked curiously. I shrugged. \"I guess, nothin' else to do really\" I replied resting my head on the back of my seat. \"Actually there is\" Pest said excitedly. India and I gave them confused looks. \"No! Pest I am not goin' to that room again\" The girl exclaimed angrily while crossing her arms. \"Oh c'mon Tia, what's the worst that could 'appen?\" Biggz begged. She glared at him and he shrugged. \"Okay, so maybe we go a little mad\" he admitted sheepishly. \"What are you guys talkin' about?\" India asked confused. \"Ron's flat. He's got bare weed, we go up there when we got nothin' else to do\" Pest answered. India nodded and gave me a slightly worried look. \"So, you girls wanna come?\" Dennis asked, though I had a feeling the question was more directed at India than' me. \"Um...Sure why not? Couldn't hurt\" she shrugged. I mentally face-palmed myself and shook my head at her. \"Legend man, we can jump off 'ere and grab the bus across the street. It'll take us right back to the flats\" Biggz suggested. The boys nodded while India and I stayed quiet. \"Are you goin' too Moses?\" The girl asked turning to him. He thought for a moment before shrugging. \"A'right, c'mon Tia it'll be fun\" he said. She sighed and nodded even though I could tell she didn't really want to. \"Fine\" she muttered. He smiled slightly and the boys cheered while pressing the bell repeatedly. \"Let's go!\" Biggz shouted being the first to run towards the stairs. I rolled my eyes but soon followed the gang. After a bus ride back and a bit of walking we soon arrived at the block. The boys were very excited about ditching school to smoke pot and in all honesty I was a little nervous. India seemed a lot more enthusiastic about it than' me but she seemed to be having fun with Dennis already, they weren't snogging or anything but the amount of flirting made me want to gag. \"I ain't seen you round the block before yah know, how long you lived 'ere?\" Tia asked curiously. She was walking with me while Tex walked on with the boys. \"We moved here yesterday actually. I don't mean to sound nosy but you don't really wanna go to Ron's do you?\" I asked knowingly. She sighed and shook her head. \"Not really, I keep comin' home smellin' of weed and my mum kicks off. I tried it once though\" she admitted crossing her arms. I tilted my head slightly. \"Really? What was it like?\" I asked curiously. \"It'd be cheaper to get drunk. That's how it feels, and on your first go you laugh at everything\" she explained. I nodded. \"Wow, sounds weird\" I said in thought. \"It is, the boys 'ave been doin' it for ages so it doesn't effect them as much. But if you want my advice, don't smoke too much of it or you will lose control\" she warned. \"Thanks for the info. Should I be worried about gettin' raped or anything?\" I asked a little nervous about going to some mystery man's flat. \"Nah, Ron's a'right and the boys won't touch you unless you want 'em too. It's okay to come 'ere in the day because Hi-Hatz is always home in the day, he only come's 'round at night\" she said shuddering. I gave her a confused but curious look. \"Who's Hi-Hatz?\" I asked. She sighed. \"He basically helps Ron grow his weed, carries a gun 'round with him all the time and he practically runs the block. The guy seriously scares me, but like I said he's never here in the day so we'll be fine\" she reassured. I nodded hesitatingly and after walking up some stairs we reached an' isolated floor with one red door. \"Yo Ron!\" Pest shouted repeatedly pushing the bell. Some chubby guy answered and smiled. \"A'right boys\" he greeted. \"We can't be assed with school. Can we chill in 'ere for a bit?\" Moses asked hopefully. He nodded. \"Yeah sure, c'mon in\" he said holding the door wide open. The boys rushed in and Tia gave me an' eye roll before we entered ourselves.[Chapter 5] Author's Note: Okay...so, I've never tried weed in my life so forgive me if I get anything wrong when descriving it. Also I apologize for not updating this story in a while, I've been busy. Anywho hope you enjoy the rest of the story and please review. As soon as we entered the flat India and I looked around, it wasn't unusual for us to inspect the room we were in when we first entered. It was more of a way to find an' escape route if we need to, and judging by the fact this flat was on the 19th floor out only escape route was through the front door. I leaned against the living room while India did the same on my left and Tia on my right, the boy's however had thrown themselves onto the sofa's and were obviously waiting for something. I turned to India with a slight nervous look and she gave me a reassuring smile, it was kind of like a silent promise that we made and we'd been doing it since we were young. The look meant 'Together or not at all', in short either we both did it or neither of us did. \"You can sit down yah know, we won't bite\" Biggz said shaking his head. We turned our head's to face them and found they were all watching us. \"Not unless you ask us to anyway\" Dennis remarked earning snicker's from the rest of the group. Tia rolled her eyes before sitting down next to Moses who was against the arm of the sofa. \"Seriously though, we won't do nothin'\" Pest reassured. India took my hand in hers and led me towards the opposite sofa where Dennis and Biggz were sat...she was next to Dennis while I was sat next to Biggz. \"Yo you two look like you're about to run any minute\" Biggz admitted slightly amused. I rolled my eyes again and India took off her wet jacket before dropping it to the floor. She also kicked off her shoe's and lifted her leg's up onto the sofa, I could tell she was relaxed from the way she leaned back and played with her hair. \"What about you green eyes? You stayin' or what?\" Pest asked leaning forward intently. All eyes were suddenly on me and in all honesty...I didn't like it. I glanced at India who once again gave me the reassuring smile, I sighed and shook my head before reluctantly doing the same. They all cheered and I rolled my eyes while toying with my necklace. \"So what do we do now?\" India asked curiously. \"Anything you want...Nah we're waitin' for Ron to get back init, an' then when he does it's off to Wonderland\" Dennis replied shrugging. \"What does that mean?\" I asked narrowing my eyes in confusion. \"It mean's we're gettin' high love\" Pest explained leaning back and slouching down on the sofa. \"By 'we' you mean?...\" I paused. \"Us boy's and if you want you can try it\" He shrugged. I nodded and stared at the floor in thought. India and I had done some crazy thing's to get back at our parent's in the past...Stealing, going to late parties, sex. But we'd never done drug's and there was a reason for that, whenever we did something our mind's needed to be clear in-case we ran into trouble. If we took drug's then all that sensibility would be gone and we could actually get hurt. By the time I'd finished my deep thinking Ron had strolled back in with a few fag boxes in his hand's \"Don't tell High-Hatz or he'll fucking kill me\" he said warningly as he passed one box to each gang member. As they received the boxes their eye's lit up in excitement. \"I swear to god he won't here a word from me\" Pest exclaimed opening up the box and pulling out a rollie. \"Ta Ron\" Moses said, Ron nodded before disappearing back the way he came. It had only been a few minute's since Ron disappeared and the room smelt strongly of weed, the boy's seemed a lot more relaxed and even Biggz had stopped fidgeting. The smell was strange but at the same time it actually smelt quite good, although I wouldn't be surprised if I got high from the fumes. \"Man I gotta piss\" Biggz exclaimed slowly rising to his feet. He exited the room and I adjusted myself to a more comfortable position. Considering how random our day had been I shouldn't have been surprised when Pest came over and fell down onto the sofa next to me, he was holding a half smoked rollie and seemed to be quite relaxed. \"Try some\" he said holding it out to me. I shook my head and pushed it back to him. \"No mate, I'm fine being normal\" I replied crossing my arms. Someone nudged my left arm and I turned my head. \"Why don't we both try it\" India whispered her mouth right next to my ear. She pulled back and I noticed Dennis had sneakily managed to get his arm around her shoulder's. \"I don't know sis\" I replied hesitatingly. She secretly held up her scarred hand I sighed. \"Fine, but if I start running down the hall naked I'm blaming you\" I exclaimed. She smiled and nodded before turning to Dennis. \"Alright then\" she said a lot more eager than' I was. He handed her the rollie and she slowly took a puff. She pulled back after a second and coughed slightly \"Don' worry, that always' happens on your first time. Do it again an' you'll be fine\" Jerome piped up. He hadn't talked since we came in and I took a wild guess that weed made you slightly more confident. \"It's weird, but nice\" India admitted handing it back to him. He pushed it back towards her. \"You finish it off, I'll get another one\" he shrugged pulling out the box again. She nodded and started to smoke while I sighed in thought. \"C'mon green eyes, your sister's doin' it you might aswell\" Pest pointed out while offering me the rollie again. I shuffled low in my seat so that we were the same height before raising my knees so no one but him could see me. \"Fine\" I sighed. He smiled and handed me the rollie before pulling out his own box.[Chapter 6] Author's Note: Again, sorry if I get anything wrong I'm just writing from fact's I found on Google. But still hope you enjoy the story. I giggled and fell to the side which meant falling onto Pest's lap. I'll admit that smoking weed wasn't as bad as I thought, sure it made me seriously giddy but I couldn't remember a time in my life where I'd felt as relaxed as I did in that moment. India was leaning against Dennis who's arm had seemed to tighten around her shoulder's, his hand fell limp just above her chest though I was pretty sure he could feel her up if he lowered it a bit. \"Are you a'right?\" Biggz asked obviously amused as I couldn't contain my laughter. I nodded and put a hand to my mouth hoping to keep it in. \"I'm fine, I just feel really funny\" I hiccupped while staring up at the ceiling. \"It's her first time remember\" Pest pointed out. I nodded and turned on my side to face the other's. \"He's right, I'm a weed virgin\" I exclaimed before giggling again. They all chuckled. \"So...you 'ad sex yet?\" Tia asked curiously. I sat up straight and faced her while pointing. \"Yes\" I exclaimed proudly. She laughed. \"Really? Both of you?\" she asked with wide eyes. \"Yuppy, why does that surprise you so much?\" I asked tilting my head. \"Because you both seem, I don't know...normal\" she shrugged. My jaw dropped. \"Oi! For your information we've done a lot of crazy stuff, we just don't brag about it\" I explained falling back down onto Pest's leg's. \"A'right then crazy girl's what kind of stuff you done then?\" Dennis asked disbelievingly. I sat up in time to see India shoot up and straddle his leg's. \"Stuff like this\" she said before grabbing his shoulder's and planting one on him. The rest of the gang cheered while my eyes widened. \"Fuck me, she get's right in\" Biggz exclaimed laughing. I rolled my eyes and laid back down. \"What's wrong green eyes? You jealous your sister's gettin' some an' you ain't?\" Pest asked chuckling and taking another puff of his rollie. \"I could get some if I wanted some\" I exclaimed slightly irritated. He smirked. \"Oh yeah? From who then?\" he asked slightly curious. I leaned forward so that our face's were inches apart. \"You\" I whispered knowingly. The other's laughed again and I leaned back. \"She got you mate\" Jerome said chuckling. \"Nah man, she ain't\" Pest replied shaking his head. He passed the rollie to Tia who was closest to him before falling back down next to me. \"Come on then love, show me how good you are\" he said throwing an' arm around my shoulder's. I shrugged and threw my leg's over his lap while resting one hand on his neck. \"Alright, why not\" I sighed before pressing my lip's against his. It didn't take long for him to respond and he seemed a lot more eager than' me. \"Just a quick warning...\" We pulled away and looked back to see Ron watching us \"If you fuck on my sofa then you're cleaning it up\" he warned before walking away again. I giggled and fell back against the soft cushion's. As India and I made our way downstairs with the boy's I could feel the effect's of the weed fading. I wasn't laughing as much and some of my nervousness was returning, although I was feeling unusually hungry \"Later yeah\" Moses waved before heading down the hallway, he only lived on the floor beneath Ron's and I'd also found out that all of the boy's lived in the block...just on different floor's. We soon arrived to the 7th floor and by then the other's had disappeared...well, minus Pest and Dennis. I wasn't surprised they'd stuck around after our slutty act during the weed trip, but to be totally honest I enjoyed it more than' anything. I pulled out my key's and unlocked the door before turning to the boy's \"See you round\" I said about to close the door. It was half shut when someone suddenly pushed it open again \"Hang on, can we get your number. Yah know in-case we wanna see you or somethin'\" Pest said hopefully. I smiled and nodded before giving them both my number and India's \"I'll call you later, yeah?\" Pest asked. I nodded and he winked before disappearing down the hall with Dennis. I closed the door and fell onto the sofa next to India, she had turned the telly on and was currently watching re-runs of 'Friends'. I sighed in content and took off my jacket \"I'm startin' to like those boy's\" she admitted as I took off my shoes, I nodded in agreement and leaned back. \"Don't need to tell me twice, I saw that snog\" I replied. She smiled slightly embarrassed and I laughed \"C'mon, my wild sister gettin' embarrassed over a kiss?\" I asked teasingly. She rolled her eyes and hit me with a white cushion. \"Shut up! He's actually quite good\" she exclaimed. I nodded and held the pillow close to my chest. \"So is Pest, god I wanted so much more\" I sighed shaking my head. \"Me too, but we're not total slag's remember? Don't worry Tex, they'll come to us soon enough\" she reassured. I smirked. \"Well I should hope so, because they've got both our number's\" I said. Her jaw dropped and she once again hit me with the pillow. \"What if they're psycho's?!\" she exclaimed with wide eyes. \"Calm down In', they didn't seem insane. Besides we can always change our numbers remember\" I pointed out. She nodded and we turned back to the telly.[Chapter 7] My eyes blinked open and I looked around me. It had been about 2 weeks since we visited Ron's flat and I hadn't been back since, neither had India. I actually enjoyed myself then but I wasn't up for another 'weed trip'. I didn't have the energy for the aftermath...well that and I hated not having a clear mind, it was the worst feeling ever. \"Mornin' love\" I smiled and turned in the bed to see Pest watching me. His clothes were thrown on the floor in a small pile along with mine, it didn't take a genius to figure out what we'd been up to. We were in mine and India's bedroom, she had spent the night in Dennis's flat. We hadn't turned into sluts or anything, we actually went out with the boys now. Sure it took about a week to give them a good enough answer, but anything is better than' 'I don't know' being said repeatedly. \"Hi. What time is it?\" I asked rubbing my eyes. He shrugged and reached over to grab his phone. It had been placed on the small table in-between mine and India's beds, it was probably the only thing he had on him that we hadn't thrown to the floor. \"10:00\" he sighed leaning back. I nodded and sat up in the bed. The blanket rose with me leaving his top half uncovered, lucky for us my parents were in work. \"Where you off?\" he asked narrowing his eyes in confusion. I shrugged and quickly put on my underwear before grabbing my dressing gown. \"Breakfast, you want anything?\" I asked sitting on the bed and tying the strings. He shook his head. \"Nah babe, I fink I'll sleep for a bit more\" he replied rolling onto his stomach with closed eyes. I smiled in amusement and left the bedroom heading for the kitchen. It was about 4:00 in the afternoon and Pest had gone home a while ago. I'd only been up to his a few times, but that was only because India and Dennis were fucking in the bedroom. I wasn't completely sure where his parents were, and I'd never asked. But his grandma was the nicest woman ever, so polite and kind. And it was weird how he acted around her, sure his slang stayed in place but he seemed a bit more...careful, about what he said around her. Usually he didn't give a crap about what he said to people, but he really cared with her. There was a loud knocking on the door and I jumped up from the sofa. I pulled open the door and my eyes widened in horror...it was a badly beaten India. Her left eye was beginning to bruise and I could see a few cuts on her arms and cheek. She was balancing on one foot and held onto the security gate that guarded our door \"Oh my god\" I exclaimed catching her as she fell forwards, I slammed the door shut with one foot and dragged her into the living room. I gently laid her down on the sofa making sure to put a pillow behind her head, she winced and clutched the side of her torn shirt. \"What happened?\" I asked shakily, I didn't want to believe it but for some reason the thought of Dennis beating her came to mind first. She slowly opened her good eye while the other stayed closed. \"I...\" she paused and closed her eyes. I sighed nervously and ran into the kitchen. I filled up a glass with water before entering the living room again, I had never felt more afraid in my entire life. \"India, come on\" I begged lightly nudging her shoulder. Both eyes opened and I smiled in relief \"Thank god, here\" I said taking her hand and handing her the glass. She struggled slightly and I helped her drink \"There you go\" I said soothingly while placing the glass onto our coffee table, she sighed in content and leaned back \"What happened?\" I repeated running my eyes over her cuts and bruises, she shook her head. \"I can't tell. I...I promised\" she panted clenching her eyes shut. I sighed and nodded. \"Okay. Did Dennis do this to you?\" I asked hesitatingly. She shook her head again. \"No. Not him\" she replied resting her hands on her stomach. I ran my fingers through my hair nervously before picking up the house phone, I managed to dial with shaky fingers. \"Hello? Ambulance please\" I begged turning to face my now unconscious sister. They managed to get to the block quicker than I thought, it only took 10 minutes. I buzzed them into the building and it didn't take long for them to reach our flat \"Do you know what happened to her miss?\" The paramedic asked as the other checked on India, I shook my head. \"No. She came home like that\" I replied crossing my arms. He nodded in understanding and walked towards the living room. I glanced out into the hall and saw a few people had opened their doors to inspect, some were even leaning against the walls watching intently. \"Excuse me\" I moved out of the way as they carried my sister out on a stretcher. \"Can I come? Please?\" I begged. They nodded and I quickly put on my shoes before locking the front door. We used the lift to get down and I followed them out towards the ambulance \"Yo Tex!\" I turned to see Jerome and Biggz jogging towards me \"What's goin' on?\" Biggz asked nodding towards the ambulance. \"Someone jumped India. I don't know who though\" I replied shrugging and crossing my arms. They shared a nervous look \"What? Do you know who it was?\" I asked hopefully. They shook their heads at me. \"Nah, sorry Tex. Look we gotta go but phone us yeah? Let us know how she is?\" Jerome asked. I nodded and they walked away while I jumped into the ambulance.[Chapter 8] I stared at the floor in thought as the doctors fixed up my sister. I had no idea what happened to her, but I knew that the boys did. She was the nicest person ever, she was never mean to anyone. So who would want to jump her? Dennis still came to mind when I thought about it. I didn't want to believe that he would do that, he was always good to her. But we're in London, all the boys in the gang could be secret psychos...and I would never have known. \"Miss McLaren?\" I looked up to see a doctor staring down at me. I sighed and slowly raised to my feet. \"Is she alright?\" I asked hopefully. He nodded and I sighed in relief. \"She's sleeping. She has a few bruises and cuts but we've cleaned them so they wont get infected. Her left ankle was fractured so we've put it in a cast, she'll have to wear it for about 2 weeks\" he explained. I nodded and crossed my arms. \"Can I see her?\" I asked tilting my head. He nodded and lead me towards the room. \"I'll leave you alone\" he said before heading down the hall. I sighed and entered the room, it was quite dark. India was sleeping, like the doctor said. She had an' IV needle on the back of her right hand, I knew she would freak out about that when she woke up...she hated needles. Her right eye had turned a purple/yellow colour and she had a few cleaned scratches along her arms. I fiddled with my necklace and occupied the purple arm chair next to her bed. I felt a strange vibrating sensation in my front pocket, it was my phone. I pulled it out and glanced at the ID...it was Pest. I sighed and thought for a moment before finally accepting the call \"Hello?\" I asked tiredly while leaning back in my chair. He sighed in the other end. \"A'right Tex? How's things?\" he asked nervously. I narrowed my eyes in annoyance, \"Don't bullshit me Pest, you know what happened\" I snapped running my fingers through my hair nervously. \"Sorry babe, I didn't know 'ow to bring it up\" he said apologetically. I sighed and shook my head. \"I'm sorry, I just can't calm down. Do you have any idea who might've jumped her?\" I asked hopefully. He paused. I could hear faint muttering on the other end, I knew he was talking to the boys. \"Nah. Sorry\" he finally replied. I knew he was lying, it didn't take a genius to tell. \"Bullshit! You know who it was but you won't tell me\" I exclaimed. I walked out of the room not wanting to wake my sister. \"I don't Tex I swear\" he pleaded. I shook my head again and realised people were staring...but I didn't care right now. \"Yes you do! If not you then the boys do. Pest she's my sister I deserve to know what happened to her\" I begged as tears filled my eyes. He sighed. \"I'm sorry Tex, I don' know\" he said. It was obvious that he knew...he just wasn't telling me. \"Fine, but don't call me again until you find out\" I snapped before clicking the 'End Call' button. I felt guilty about what I did to him, but I got pretty cranky when someone I loved was hurt. Especially my sister, we'd been through a lot together. I walked back into the room and fell down into the arm chair. I don't think our parents had found out about the incident yet, and it was better that way. They would kick off if they found out India and I had been going out with 'gang members', and knowing them they would pin this incident on them. Heck I was doing it myself! They hadn't really give me a reason to accuse them, but I couldn't help it. Everyone knew that Dennis was the hot-head of the gang, he made it pretty obvious. Maybe he accidentally got angry with India about something, but I hoped to god I was wrong. It had been about 2 hours since India was brought in and she was still sleeping. I was in the purple arm chair against one arm with my legs thrown over the side of the other. A nurse had brought me in some magazines so I took my time reading through them. I was currently reading about some woman marrying her cousin, it was pretty sick to be honest. \"Tex?\" My head shot up as India whispered my name, I jumped up from the seat and found her eyes were wide open. \"Hey sis. How you feeling?\" I asked sitting on the edge of the bed. She smiled slightly. \"Been better. Anything broke?\" she asked. I shook my head and sighed. \"Nope, you got a fracture in your ankle though. Won't get it off for two weeks\" I explained shrugging. She nodded. \"Fair enough. Do I have a needle in my hand?\" she asked her eyes suddenly widening. I giggled and nodded. \"Yeah. Don't look at it though, you might faint and we need to talk\" I replied both serious and playful. She nodded and sighed. \"It wasn't Dennis if that's what you're asking. He would never do this\" she said slightly snappish. I nodded crossing the name from my list. She would never lie to me. \"If it wasn't him then who was it?\" I asked crossing my arms. \"These boys in the street. After I left Dennis's flat I thought I'd get me and you a drink. So I headed for the shop, and you can probably guess what happened. This gang saw me, I've seen them around the streets before. Asked me to shag them, I said no and this is what happened. They told me to tell my 'boyfriend' to stay away from their block, guess they'd seen me with Dennis\" she explained in thought. So the boys did know what was going on...now I was pissed. \"I'm just glad you're okay. But India we only do things to go against mum and dad as long as it doesn't involve us getting hurt. You plus a hospital bed equals hurt\" I exclaimed shaking my head. She gave me a knowing look. \"Go against mum and dad? C'mon Tex, you know as well as I do that this has gone way passed that now\" she scoffed. I narrowed my eyes. \"India you're in the hospital! All because you're going out with Dennis, I'm sorry but what if you get killed next time?\" I asked worriedly. She rolled her eyes. \"I won't because I know better than' to go out on my own now. Tex I really like him, please don't make me dump him\" she begged. I sighed and shook my head. \"Fine. But promise me that if either of us get hurt again, you'll stop seeing him\" I said. She nodded and held out her scarred hand. I smiled and laced the fingers of my own scarred hand through hers. \"Promise\" she confirmed smiling.[Chapter 9] It had been about 6 weeks since India's incident and things in the block had been calm. Although mine and Pest's relationship hadn't been going as good as I'd planned. Since my sister was attacked and he hadn't told me who hurt her, I'd been a bit pissed with him. And in turn he got mad with me, claiming that he didn't wanna upset me and that's why he didn't tell me who attacked her. I thought it was complete bollox and actually told him that. Even though we weren't doing good, my sister and Dennis were better than ever. He'd apparently been more affectionate to her since the incident, and she was enjoying it more than ever. \"You need to let it go!\" Pest shouted chasing me down the hall. I was still in a pissed off mood with him about the while 'India' thing, and even thought I should have let it go I couldn't. For all I knew the next person to get jumped because of them would be me, and I could die from going out with him...in short I was scared shitless and now walked around fearing for my life. \"I can't! Okay, I just can't\" I exclaimed pulling out the keys to my front door. My parents weren't home today, thank god. They were both working till late and even though it was 10:30 at night I knew they wouldn't be home for hours. \"Why not? It wasn't my fault and it weren't Dennis's either\" he said angrily. I sighed and opened the door before walking in. I knew he would follow, he always did. \"Actually it was, you boys got some stupid gang war going on and it's dangerous for me and India\" I pointed out dumping my school bag onto the counter. After we got out we'd both gone straight to his flat, and I hadn't been home since. \"This war has been goin' on for ages, love! It ain't our fault your sister got jumped. Do we feel bad about it? Fuck yeah and I don' need you remindin' me about it every fucking day\" he exclaimed slamming the front door and coming into the living room. I shook my head in disbelief and fell down onto the sofa. \"You need to chill out Tex! It's all calm now, so stop bringing shit up\" he said taking off his jacket and throwing it on the coffee table. I rolled my eyes and pulled my legs up, shuffling down and resting my head on the arm of the sofa. The only thing that could be heard was the cars outside, it was pretty awkward right now. A few minutes after we'd become silent a faint moaning sound was heard. My eyes widened as I realised it was coming from my bedroom, I knew exactly who was creating those noises. I suddenly heard a snorting sound and I looked to see Pest hiding his mouth with his thin jacket, he was laughing. I smiled biting down on my lip hoping to keep quiet. But as the noises got louder our laughter was harder to contain. \"He's a loud one\" Pest remarked chuckling. I nodded and sighed. \"We've been fighting for weeks\" I pointed out in thought. I turned my head to see him nod. \"I know, what should we do?\" he asked turning his body to face me. I shrugged. \"I don't know. I think we should...\" I paused and took a deep breath. I didn't want to do what I was about to do, but it was for the best. \"Nah, are you finishing me or somethin'?\" he asked in disbelief. I nodded. \"Yeah I am\" I confirmed in a quiet voice. He was quiet for a few seconds before he finally jumped up to his feet. \"Fuck, nah Tex we can make this work we just gotta stop fighting init?\" he asked standing in front of me. I shook my head. \"I don't think so Pest. I hate walking around the block feeling scared as fuck\" I exclaimed shaking my head. \"You scared of me? Or gettin' jumped?\" he asked angrily. I shrugged. \"I don't know. But we're finished Pest, don't make this hard just take it\" I replied shaking my head. He scoffed. \"You're breaking up wiv me? Over nothin'?\" he asked his voice getting louder. I sighed and nodded. \"Yeah, I think you should go\" I replied shakily. My hands wouldn't stop shaking. I wasn't sure if I was upset, or scared that he would actually hit me. \"Fuckin' hell Tex! Fine if that's what you want\" he exclaimed pulling his jacket back on. I rubbed my forehead stressfully and averted my eyes \"You'll want me back though, I swear down you will! Later Tex\" he said before storming out, slamming my front door in the process. I sighed and turned on the TV, I would not stress over this...even though I already regretted my decision. Author's Note: Sorry it's so short. But the next chapter is where the movie takes place, so thanks for reading and review if you can.[Chapter 10] Author's Note: So, the following chapters will be based around the events of the movie. I might carry on the story afterwards but I'm not sure. Also, clothes link is on profile. Anyway I hope you enjoy the rest of the story and review if you can. It had been two weeks since my break-up with Pest, we hadn't spoken to each other since. Did I miss him? Sure. But I wasn't willing to put my life at risk all because he and the gang had some rivalry with another group of idiots. India and Dennis weren't going that well either, though it might have been my fault. After explaining to her why I broke up with Pest she started to think the same, and it wasn't long before they started fighting. Whenever they spent more than ten minutes alone they'd kick off fighting, and he'd usually start it. So in short, things weren't going well in the block. It was November 5th, or as most people in the world knew it...Fireworks Night. Which meant that India and I wouldn't be getting any sleep. So instead of staying home like we should've, we decided to go out with the girls. The girls consisting of Tia, Dimples, Cloe and Jess. We'd met them a while ago and soon enough started hanging out with them, they weren't that bad once you got to know them. But they did like to start fights...it was a good thing India and I knew how to throw a punch. We were outside the youth club, like most days. Whenever it got boring inside, we always chilled outside \"Woah\" Dimples said in awe. We all turned our heads to see the boys walking towards us. With Tia and Moses fancying each other, the groups sometimes joined. It made things very awkward for me, and sometimes caused India and Dennis to fight. But they rarely fought around the group. \"What happened to your face?\" Tia asked looking at Moses. I also looked to see deep scratch marks next to his left eye. \"An alien that fell from the sky, trust\" Pest said proudly. He lifted whatever he was holding and we all jumped back in disgust. \"Sorry, I can't even look at dat\" Jess said shaking her head. \"Halloween was last week yah know\" Tia remarked grimacing. \"Dat ain't real, dat's a creation\" Dimples said in disbelief. \"Then touch it if it ain't real\" Pest said walking towards her with the weird creature. \"You shove that thing in my face and then fangs are goin' up in your tits\" she said threateningly. I smiled in amusement. \"It could be diseased or somethin', yah get me\" Tia said as we all stared at the 'alien'. \"I don't want no chlamydia\" Dimples said shrugging. We all laughed and she gave us curious looks. \"So you're tellin' me that fell outta the sky?\" Tia asked turning to Moses. \"Yeah\" he replied. \"Yo India, I need to talk to you\" Dennis said walking forward and taking my sisters hand. She sighed but nodded and he took her a few feet away. \"And did that to your face?\" Tia asked. \"Yeah\" he said shrugging. \"So you killed it?\" \"Yeah\" he replied nonchalantly. I rolled my eyes and crossed my arms as she scoffed. \"Such a bad breed Moses\" she said shaking her head at him. They seemed to have some weird stare going when Pest, being the idiot he is. Lifted the 'alien' in our faces. \"Fuck, it's alive!\" he shouted moving it towards us. We all screamed in surprise and ran in different directions, I ended up hiding in the hall of the youth club. They started laughing loudly and I rolled my eyes while coming out from my hiding space \"You shit yourself!\" Biggz exclaimed still laughing. I gave him an annoyed look and leaned back against the wall. \"You're an idiot\" I remarked shaking my head. He smiled innocently. \"You never complained before\" he replied shrugging. The boys snickered. \"Just fuck off!\" All heads turned to see India storming towards us, with Dennis close behind. \"C'mon Ind'\" he whined as he followed her. As soon as she reached us she linked her arm through mine. \"Again, fuck off! C'mon Tex. We'll see yah later girls\" she said turning to Tia and the others. They nodded and she dragged me down the road, away from the group. \"Where are we going?\" I asked confusedly. She shrugged. \"Somewhere quiet. I need someone to talk to right now\" she replied. I nodded in understanding. \"I get you, but it's fireworks night India. There is no quiet place\" I pointed out. She nodded and thought for a moment before turning to me. \"How about the park? We love going there\" she suggested. I shrugged and nodded.[Chapter 11] I was sat on the swing leaning my head against the chain, my feet barely touching the floor. India was rambling about Dennis...again, and I was bored as hell. I loved the girl to pieces but she really knew how to talk. Apparently he'd told her what he was up to before he met up with us, which was mugging someone. It was a bad move telling India and I wondered if he was drugged up when he told her. After what happened to her she begged him to stop with the attacks on random people, and he said he would. But mugging still counts as attacking apparently. \"...I just can't believe he did this yah know?!\" She exclaimed from her spot on the spinning wheel. I nodded and sighed. \"I guess. But you can't just expect him to give it all up Ind', it's the only thing he knows how to do\" I replied shrugging. She sighed. \"I know and it's part of the reason we went out with them. But I know how it felt when those boys attacked me, and that's how every person they attack feels. It just makes me feel sorry for someone I don't even know, and I hate it\" she admitted shaking her head and staring at the floor. \"I know Ind' but...\" I paused and my jaw dropped as I stared at the sky behind her. \"What?\" she asked nervously. She turned to see what I was looking at and her eyes also widened \"What the fuck is that?\" she gasped. Hurdling towards us was some kind of meteor, it was on fire and a bright blue colour. \"I have no idea. But I think we should move\" I replied. She nodded and we started to speed-walk to the exit. Unfortunately for us the meteor was moving faster than we though, and it hit the ground right behind us. The impact caused the ground beneath us to shake and we both fell forward. India screamed and I covered my head with my arms. I rolled over onto my back and leaned up on my elbows. The meteor had split in half and a few pieces had flown further than us. They were lit up from being on fire and smoke was rising. I sat up with wide eyes and turned my head to India, her eyes were locked onto the meteor \"You okay sis?\" I asked panting. She shook her head. \"I don't think so\" she replied in a quiet tone. I got to my feet and brushed down my jeans \"What the fuck is going on?\" she asked looking around. I sighed and shrugged. \"I have no idea. Meteor shower maybe?\" I suggested helping her to her feet. \"Well they could have warned us on the new. That thing could've killed us\" she exclaimed. I nodded in agreement and the meteor suddenly started to move. \"Holy shit\" I exclaimed flinching back. India's eyes narrowed as though trying to see what it was. \"I think there's something inside\" she said curiously. She started to walk towards the meteor and my eyes once again widened. \"Don't you dare\" I whispered. She paused and turned to face me. \"It's just a rock Tex, what's the worst that could happen?\" she asked rolling her eyes. I crossed my arms. \"A lot. You don't know what's on that thing, c'mon it's freaking me out\" I begged shaking my head. She sighed and nodded. \"Fine. I really wanna poke it with a stick\" she remarked walking back until she was next to me. I turned my head and gave her an annoyed look. \"You're insane, dude. C'mon I don't want to stick around here any longer\" I replied looking around nervously. She nodded in understanding and we made our way back to the block. We had only been walking for about five minutes, and we were pretty close to the block. But as we walked I suddenly heard loud shouting and cheering. I froze for a moment until I realised I recognized the voices, weather or not I was happy to hear them was something entirely different \"Oh no\" India groaned rolling her eyes. I nodded in agreement. \"Hmm, I wonder what they're up to now\" I said crossing my arms. She sighed. \"Maybe we should let them know what happened in the park, so they don't go there\" she suggested. I turned my head and raised my eyebrows. \"Really? If anything they'll want to go there because we told them not to. That's just how they roll\" I pointed out. She nodded. \"You got a point, but still\" she sighed giving me a pleading look. The voices got closer and I sighed in thought. \"Fine, if you wanna warn 'em not to go somewhere when you know they will anyway then go ahead\" I replied. She rolled her eyes and I reluctantly waited patiently for the boys to turn the corner...which they soon did. \"Oi girls you should get 'ome! Aliens roaming the streets!\" Biggz shouted as they rode towards us on their bikes and pizza scooters. \"Aliens? Really?\" I asked in disbelief. They slowed the bikes to a stop right next to us. \"Yeah, what d'you fink that thing we had earlier was?\" Pest asked with narrowed eyes. I shrugged. \"Somethin' you got from the fair. Anyway just though we'd let you know a meteor landed in the park\" I replied tilting my head. They all nodded. \"Yeah we know, dere's an alien inside!\" Biggz exclaimed excitedly. I rolled my eyes. \"Aliens don't exist\" I groaned shaking my head. \"Yeah they do, we'll prove it! Come wiv us!\" he replied. India sighed. \"No way! That thing almost hit us I am not going back\" she exclaimed shrugging. I found it a little weird that she was protesting now, when 5 minutes ago she wanted to poke the thing with a stick. \"Yeah I don't want them comin' either\" Pest admitted shaking his head. I inwardly rolled my eyes thinking it had something to do with me \"I mean it took all of us to take down the first one. What if there's more than one? What do we do then?\" he asked shrugging. \"Tell you what. Me and India will wait for you lot back at the block in the entrance, if you bring the 'alien' back then we'll believe you. How does that sound?\" I suggested shrugging. \"Deal\" Biggz said nodding. I smirked and bit my lip. \"Alright then, see yah lads\" I waved. They nodded and carried on riding towards the park. \"You think they'll bring it back?\" India asked. I shook my head. \"No way, and even if they do it's probably fake. I mean there's no such thing as aliens\" I replied. She nodded in agreement and we carried on towards the block.[Chapter 12] Authors Note: Sorry I haven't updated in a while, I've been pretty busy. But thank your for your patience and I hope you enjoy the chapters. I sighed boredly and leaned against the wall , crossing my arms. It had been about an hour since we'd seen the boys, and we were still waiting for them. I wanted to go upstairs to our flat, but my sister could be one stubborn bitch. She was currently pacing back and forth near the entrance door, and it was giving me a headache \"India, sis. I love you, but you're starting to piss me off! They're obviously not coming!\" I exclaimed shaking my head. \"They will! I know they will\" she sighed shaking her head. I rolled my eyes and a rumbling noise was heard outside. \"The fuck?\" I muttered rising to my feet. We both looked through the windows of the door, I tilted my head. Moses was heading towards the building on a dirt-bike. Soon enough Dennis appeared behind him on his pizza delivery scooter. Moses jumped off his dirt-bike and yanked open the door, allowing Dennis room to drive through. India and I jumped out of the way as he rode in. \"What's going on?\" she asked curiously, and slightly worried. He panted while shaking his head and pushing the lift buttons. \"You wouldn' believe us if we told you\" he sighed. I watched nervously as Jerome drove in on his bike...they were probably being chased again. \"Where's Biggz where's Pest?!\" Dennis asked as he, Jerome and Moses stared through the open door. \"Seriously, what's going on?!\" I asked repeating my sisters question. The boys ignored us and I rolled my eyes in annoyance. I looked through the door and spotted Pest running towards us, I sighed worriedly and my eyes suddenly widened...something was chasing him. I squinted and found it very hard to see the mystery animal, I definitely knew it was an animal from the dark fur. \"What the fuck is that?\" I turned my head to see India on my right, her eyes were as wide as mine. Pest jumped through the door and the boys slammed it shut, but unfortunately for Pest the animal smashed it's head through the door window. He was pushing against the door, so the animal managed to sink it's teeth into his leg. He fell to the floor and the boys yelled out different sentences, Pest groaned and pulled out his metal baseball bat before smashing it over the creatures head. It eventually let go and he screamed in pain. \"Come on!\" Dennis shouted grabbing Pests jacket from behind. They all dragged him up the stairs while he screamed and my hands flew to my mouth...what the hell was going on?. \"Girls come on!\" Jerome shouted as he dragged Pest. I looked back through the door and saw the animal running towards the door again. I grabbed India's hand and yanked her towards the stairs. We followed the boys down the hall of the first floor, shaking with fear. I sighed and looked down at the blood trail being left by Pest, I still had no idea what that animal was...but I wasn't eager to find out. Moses suddenly ran towards a woman unlocking her door and she fearfully entered the flat. He managed to shove open the door to her flat, the boys helping Pest limp in afterwards. India and I followed, making sure to re-close the door as we entered. \"Somebody bell Biggz, where's Biggz?\" \"I've only got one text left!\" \"I got no credit, none!\" \"Just call anyone fam! In case someone calls back!\" \"This is too much madness to explain in one text!\" I took off my cream body warmer before dropping it on the coffee table along with my gloves. India did the same but took off her scarf as well. She walked into the kitchen and I pulled a hair clasp out of my back pocket, twisting my hair at the back and putting it up. A few shorter strands of hair fell back down as I rolled up my sleeves. India re-entered the room, holding a glass of water and box of pain-killers \"Here\" she sighed sitting down on the coffee table. \"Thanks. Swallow these\" I said offering the tablets to Pest. He looked up at my hand, clutching his leg in pain. \"I fink I'm gonna need somethin' stronger\" he replied narrowing his eyes. I nodded and crouched down to his level. \"You either swallow, or I knock you the fuck out with your own baseball bat\" I said tilting my head. His eyes widened slightly. \"Fuck\" he sighed reluctantly taking the tablets from me. I smiled smugly as he chugged down the water. \"Get out of my fucking flat!\" I looked back to see the woman who owned the flat, stood in the bedroom doorway with a guitar held up threateningly. The boys shook their heads dismissively before going back to their previous actions \"I said get out!\" she repeated. \"Yo snitch, calm yourself. This ain't about you no more\" Moses said, his voice full of annoyance. \"You come anywhere near me and I swear I will scream this fucking block down!\" she exclaimed. I glanced at India who rolled her eyes at the woman's actions. \"Look, there's worse things out there to be scared of than us tonight. Trust\" Jerome said shaking his head. \"Hey brov, I saw 'er ID car thingy, she's a nurse init\" Dennis said. \"Help me then! I need this leg, I need it to be able to run from them fings!\" Pest exclaimed. \"You think I'm going to help you? After you attacked me, mugged me and set those dogs on the police?!\" she asked in disbelief. \"Yes to the first two, no to the last one\" Dennis shrugged. \"You boys get up to a lot in an hour\" India muttered as I leaned back, sitting on her left. \"Dogs? Dogs with glow-in-the-dark jaws? Dogs wiv no eyes? Dogs the size of gorillas, you fink them things are dogs? Go out there an' try feeding 'em some pedigree chum! They're aliens, love\" Pest replied with narrowed eyes. India and I shared a look of disbelief. \"Whatever the fuck they are they're not fucking aliens\" she snapped. \"You swear too much man\" Dennis said shaking his head. \"You got a potty mouth man!\" Pest added. I rolled my eyes. \"Whatever they are they're in the block now, they're after everyone\" Jerome said. \"Yeah, we're on the same side now. Yah get me?\" Dennis said looking down at his phone. Her eyes flickered towards the house phone on the holder and I bit my lip nervously. She ran towards it but Moses must've noticed her glimpse too, as he took hold of the phone before she could reach it. \"No feds\" he said. \"You'd be better off callin' the ghost busters love\" Pest said. \"This is the block, we take care of things our own way. Yah get me?\" Moses said taking out the phone batteries. \"You're joking?\" she begged. \"Eh does it look like he's joking'?\" Dennis asked. \"I was gonna call for help, your friend needs to go to hospital. So do you, if those wounds get infected they could kill you\" she replied turning to Moses. \"Fuck!\" Pest shouted. \"He's bleeding to death! Help him man!\" Dennis shouted. \"We ain't gonna do nothin'. Help him\" Moses demanded staring her down. She shook her head with narrowed eyes. \"No, you don't deserve me help\" she said. He sighed frustratedly and looked back at Dennis. I stared down at the floor in deep thought, contemplating over what I was about to do. If she wouldn't do this when we asked...then force was the only solution. \"Okay, here's how this is gonna go\" I said picking up Pests' metal baseball bat, slowly making my way towards her \"You fix him. Or I beat the shit out of you\" I finished standing inches away from her. She back herself against the wall fearfully. \"You wouldn't, I know your parents\" she replied nervously. I narrowed my eyes in disbelief. \"You think we care what they think? All we've ever done in our lives is try to get back at them. So go ahead and try to find them, see how far you get\" India said crossing her arms while standing next to me. The woman sighed nervously and nodded. \"Fine\" she muttered before heading towards Pest. I nodded in satisfaction, sitting back down with my sister.[Chapter 13] I leaned against India, resting my head on her right shoulder. The woman had gathered some scissors and gauze wrap, ready to fix Pests' leg \"Sorry I messed up your couch\" Pest said as she cut some of his jeans. \"Don't worry about it\" she sighed. \"D'you want me to take 'em off?\" he asked. She rolled her eyes. \"That won't be necessary\" \"You sure? I got nice boxers on. Calvin Klein fresh today\" he said flirtily. I averted my eyes and India sighed. \"Tell me if this hurts\" The woman said. I turned my head to see her take hold of his foot. \"Try me\" he shrugged. She moved it around slightly and he flinched \"Ow, hurts!\" \"How about this?\" she asked tilting her head. She moved it further, although I was pretty sure she was trying to get back at him. \"Hurts, hurts, hurts!\" he exclaimed. \"You've torn a few minor arteries, you may have a fracture. You need to get this treated before you lose too much blood\" she said. \"Do it then\" Moses shrugged. She looked up at him. \"I can't! I don't have the equipment or the skill, I've only just graduated. Plus I missed the class on alien bite wounds\" she snapped. \"Stop hypin' man\" Dennis said shaking his head. \"Pass me the cushion\" she said gesturing to the pillow behind them. Both boys stared at her, refusing to grab the pillow. \"I said, pass me the cushion\" she repeated irritatedly. They both glanced at each other and shook their heads, but Moses grabbed the pillow anyway. He handed it to her and she snatched it from him, slamming it down on Pests' leg. \"Ow! Don't take it out on me!\" he exclaimed. \"I ain't seen you round 'ere before. You lived 'ere long?\" Jerome asked curiously. \"Couple of months\" she replied tying the pillow to Pests' leg. \"Hmm, nice place you got\" \"Thanks, I'm thinking of moving\" she admitted. \"Shame, why?\" Pest asked. \"I don't like the area\" she replied. I nodded in understanding. \"What d'you mean don't like the area? What's wrong wiv the area?!\" Dennis asked angrily. Something smashed against the front door and we all jumped to our feet. \"Fam stay\" Moses said picking up the baseball bat I'd dropped and walking towards the door. I couldn't see what he was doing, but I didn't want to either. India lightly grabbed my wrist, pulling me as far away from the door as possible. Something bashed against the door again and we all jumped. Moses ran into the room, slamming the other door as he came in \"They found us!\" he shouted. \"How did they find us? There's like a hundred doors in this block!\" Jerome exclaimed. \"Listen whatever gang-war bullshit you're in leave me out of it please\" The woman begged while holding up her guitar. \"Hey dis thing got nothing to do with gangs\" Dennis said shaking his head. \"Or drugs, or rap music, or violence in video games!\" Pest added. \"This is the worst night of my life\" The woman sighed as the animal continued to bash against the door. \"Feeling's mutual\" Moses said. After another loud bang the animal managed to smash it's way into the kitchen. Moses dropped the baseball bat and instead chose to grab Dennis' samurai sword. He ran towards the animal and sliced the sword into the back if it's neck. The animal fell to the floor and I sighed in relief, this was a strange night. \"Moses, ninja\" Dennis said in awe while walking towards him. \"Tango neutralized\" Jerome added as we all followed. I stared down at the strange animal and tilted my head, I had never seen this kind of thing before. \"See, is that a dog?\" Pest asked looking at the woman. She shook her head. \"No\" \"No, that is not a dog\" he said. \"That's black, too black to see\" Jerome said shaking his head. \"That's the blackest black ever fam\" Dennis said. He crouched down and ran his fingers through the creatures fur \"That's blacker than my cousin Femmy\" he added. India kneeled down in front of the animals head, cautiously inspecting it with her hand. \"It doesn't have eyes\" she said confusedly. I narrowed my eyes and kneeled down next to her, she was right. India ran her hand down the animals face until she reached the jaws. She hesitatingly opened them and her eyes widened \"Fuck me\" she gasped. The mouth was full of sharp fang-like teeth, they reminded me of a sharks mouth. \"Yo, where's that woman?\" Jerome asked. I turned my head to see the nurse had in fact disappeared. India and I raised to our feet before exiting the flat, the boys close behind. I turned my head to see the woman staring back at us from her spot near the lifts. She shook her head before walking back towards us. \"Wherever you're going I'm coming with you. After what you've put me through it's the least you can do\" she said looking at Moses. \"No way man, she's bare annoyin'! Make her leave, let the snitch get murked\" Dennis snapped. I rolled my eyes. \"Dennis, man. Why you actin' like such a prick for? I need the nurse, d'you want me to die?\" Pest said overdramatically. \"We can't stand around 'ere arguing, we need to roll now!\" Jerome exclaimed. I nodded in agreement. \"My name's Sam\" The nurse said. \"Jerome\" \"Pest\" \"India\" \"Tex\" \"No way man!\" \"Dennis\" Jerome shrugged nodding to the pissed off teen. \"You're Moses, right?\" she asked. \"You're gonna need a weapon\" he said before heading down the hall. The boys followed while I chose to wait for Sam, she had been through a lot tonight so I guess I felt a little sorry for her. She soon ran back out of her flat, holding a sharp kitchen knife. I nodded and we caught up to the boys. \"You get four years for carrying an offensive weapon you know\" Pest said as we walked up the stairs. \"I think the situations a bit different\" Sam replied slightly annoyed. \"Is it? Walking around, expecting to get jumped at any moment. Feels like just another day in the ends to me man\" he said shaking his head. \"Where's he taking us?\" Sam asked. \"Tia's flat\" Jerome replied. \"What makes you think we'll be safer in her place than we were in mine?\" Sam asked curiously. \"Security gate!\" he exclaimed as though it were the most obvious thing in the world. \"Tex!\" I flinched and looked back to see India doubled over. \"What's wrong?\" I asked worriedly while running back down to her. She shook her head. \"Nothing, I just feel really sick\" she replied taking deep breaths. I nodded in understanding and rubbed her back soothingly. \"It's okay, probably just nerves\" I said. She nodded and raised to her full height. \"Yeah, come on\" she said. I nodded and we carried on up the stairs. \"You ain't bringin' all them people in here, no. They're involved in somethin', someone's chasin' 'em. They got weapons, and look that one's bleeding. And dat woman? I don't even know dat woman. I'm not gettin' myself involved in a situation I don't need to be in\" Dimples said crossing her arms. I rolled my eyes and Tia appeared in the doorway. \"It's my house Dimples, come\" she said before disappeared back into the flat. We all flooded in and Dimpled slammed the door shut after we entered. The rest of the girls were there too, but I wasn't sure if that was better or worse. I knew they wouldn't believe the whole 'alien' story, heck I was still trying to process it through my mind. But for some reason I couldn't, I just kept thinking of them as psycho gorillas with rabies. India fell down against the arm of the sofa and the rest of us occupied different spaces in the room. \"There's only one helicopter out there, copper chopper. Ain't even military\" Pest said looking through the window. He sighed in annoyance before falling down next to me \"It's only on these ends. This ain't worldwide, this is localised\" he added. \"Yeah, localised in your head\" Cloe said disbelievingly. \"Localised in your dreams\" Jess added. \"Chased by the feds, yes. Big alien gorilla wolf motherfuckers? No\" Dimples said sitting down next to Jerome. \"Maybe they're only on these ends\" he shrugged. \"Please, what kind of alien decides that out of all the places in the whole wide world to invade some shitty council estate in South London\" Dimples said shaking her head. \"One that's looking for a fight\" Dennis said playing with a gun. We'd run into two local kids on the way here, they had that gun and a super-soaker. Dennis had taken the gun from them, although I still thought it was fake. \"I'll be right back\" India whispered to me. I nodded and watched as she walked towards Dennis, who was sat on the floor leaning against the sofa. She held out her hand to him and he stared up at her confusedly. But after a few seconds he took her hand, rising to his feet and letting her lead him out into the kitchen. \"What's up with her?\" Pest asked turning to me. I shrugged in thought. \"I really don't know\" I replied shaking my head.[Chapter 14] While India and Dennis were doing god-knows-what in the kitchen, the rest of us were silently sitting in the living room. In some form I wasn't worried about my sister, the good part of tonight was that they weren't fighting...again. Resting my arm on the arm of the sofa, I rested my head in my palm. Tonight had been a weird night for sure, I mean aliens invading the block, anyone would be freaked out. Pest, who was still sat next to me, moved around so that his back was against my shoulder. I didn't push him away, on some level I wanted him to do that. I may have been the one to finish him, but that didn't mean I didn't miss him. India and Dennis walked into the room, freaking the hell out of me. His arm was wrapped around her shoulder while hers rested around his waist. They both looked pretty...well, loved up. They sat down in Dennis' previous spot, and she rested her head on his chest. He smiled and kissed her temple, they hadn't been this loved up for a long time, so I was a little worried right now. Turning my head I scanned the room, looking for any sign that the others were as concerned as I was. Some of the girls turned their heads for a glimpse, but soon averted their eyes. Moses stared at the table in front of him, Jerome constantly glanced at his phone screen, and Pest looked half asleep. So really, I was the only one curious about my sister and Dennis. \"They're coming for us you know, ready or not\" Pest said, breaking the silence. Dimples and Jess started to sing, obviously both of them found the whole thing hilarious. \"Listen to me!\" Sam exclaimed rising to her feet. The girls silenced as we all looked up at her \"There's a dead one in my kitchen. I live on the first floor, go and looked if you don't believe me. There's no door anymore\" she said shaking her head. \"Moses when did you start going out with your Maths teacher?\" Dimples asked. The girls, minus Tia, laughed and Sam rolled her eyes before sitting back down. \"How d'you know that woman?\" Tia asked, looking down at Moses. She was sat on the arm of the chair right next to him, it was no secret that she fancied him big time. \"We met earlier, he mugged me\" Sam admitted. \"For real?\" Jess asked looking up from painting her nails. \"That part I believe\" Dimples nodded. \"Dat true? You rob that woman?\" Tia asked, slightly angered. \"Yeah, but. Afterwards she fixed up my leg and we saved her from the monsters, so we're all sweet. We're hero's init?\" Pest asked turning his head to look at Sam. She narrowed her eyes. \"Hero's? Five of you and a knife against one woman. Fuck off\" she snapped. \"Cold\" he muttered shaking his head. \"Nah, don't build it up love it weren't all that. We never even touched you\" Dennis said, pausing from his weird actions with my sister. \"The blade was to get it over wiv quick, we was as scared as you\" Jerome said shaking his head. \"Blade? You're such a waste, why is it always trouble wiv you? Why is it always someone gettin' robbed or beaten up, or someone gettin' arrested?\" Tia asked angrily while moving away from Moses. \"We can't deal with this on our own, we have to call the police\" Sam said. We all stared at her with disbelieving expressions \"You can trust me, I'll tell them what really happened\" she added. \"You think the police is gonna help them? They might not arrest you but they'll arrest them\" Tia said motioning to the boys. \"For murder of two police officers, vehicle theft, resisting arrest, everything that happened everywhere in the ends tonight\" Dennis said. \"They arrest us for nothing already\" Pest said pulling a rollie out of his pocket. \"You know what I reckon yeah?\" Moses asked leaning forward, staring down at the floor. We all turned our heads to face him \"I reckon the feds sent them anyway. Government probably bred those creatures to kill black boys. First they send drugs to the ends, then they send guns, now they send monsters to get us. They don't care man, we ain't killin' each other fast enough, so they decided to speed up the process\" he said. \"Believe\" Pest sighed nodding. I rolled my eyes as the girls burst into laughter. \"Pest I told you not to do that, do it out the window yeah?\" Tia asked walking towards the windows. \"Pain relief man, ask the nurse\" he shrugged. \"Excuse me but, what is that?\" Tia asked nervously. We all turned our heads and my eyes widened. The others jumped to their feet while my hands flew to my mouth...they'd found us again. \"Oh my days!\" Dimples screamed. We all ran to different parts of the room, but away from the window. Well, all of us except Dennis. He put on his bright red helmet, aiming the gun towards the window. India and I stood in the living room doorway with Jerome, Sam and Pest. All of us watching fearfully \"You can't take two fam!\" Moses shouted a few feet away from Dennis, aiming one of the samurai swords. \"Watch me\" Dennis said staring at the aliens through the window. He pulled the trigger, but as no bullets appeared and only popping sounds were heard realisation kicked in for him \"Shit, it is a toy!\" he exclaimed. One of the aliens smashed through the window, crashing against Dennis and pinning him to the floor. Moses flew back behind the sofa, while the rest of us watched in horror. Dennis screamed as the alien snapped it's jaws near his face. Moses stood, about to help his friend. But as the other alien jumped through the window, I guess he knew he couldn't help. India screamed as the alien bit down on Dennis' helmet, blood squirting over the floor. She tried to run forward, but Pest and I held her back. The alien ripped off Dennis' head, throwing it towards Tia and Dimples. India screamed louder and fell to the floor, I shook my head in disbelief. Both aliens paused, sniffing the air for something. I narrowed my eyes in confusion as they walked towards the sofa Moses was hid behind, it was like they could smell him somehow. But then a thought hit me, if they could smell him, why couldn't they smell us?. Tia grabbed a lamp nearby, smashing the bulb end against the wall \"Oi fucker!\" she shouted jabbing the alien, shocking it and taking it's attention away from Moses. It chased her and Dimples into the room, but by the sound of the shouting I was sure they would be okay. Moses jumped to his feet, turning to face the remaining alien. He raised the sword about to slice when he accidentally lodged it into the wall above his head. As the alien advanced towards him, Sam moved away from us. She snuck up towards the alien, and successfully shoved the knife through the bottom of it's jaw. The alien froze up and she yanked out the knife, the alien body falling limp to the floor. We all walked out from our hiding places, surrounding Dennis' headless body. India fell to her knees, screaming and shaking her head. I crouched down next to her and wrapped my arms around her shoulders, she clung to my waist while hiding her face from the body. \"You know that little on you killed before? That was a mistake\" Tia said. I looked up at the girls. \"They weren't going for us, they were going for you\" Dimples said turning to Moses. \"Actions have consequences Moses\" \"Everywhere you go bad things happen\" \"Stay away from us Moses\" Loud alien screeches reached my ears, and my head shot towards the window along with everyone else's. The girls ran out of the flat, screaming. India had calmed down, but that meant that she was worse. At least when she was crying everything was being let out, but when she was quiet she was keeping it all in...and that could drive her mad. Someone gently took hold of my shoulder and I looked back to see Pest, he nodded towards the door and I sighed. Slowly rising to my feet, I kept my arms around my sister. She mutely clung to my waist, letting me lead her out of the flat. \"You should go, I don't want no one else to die\" Moses said, shaking his head. \"Fuck that brov, I got your back!\" Pest exclaimed. \"I ain't goin' nowhere, they killed Dennis man. We gotta kill them all brov\" Jerome added. Gunshots suddenly echoed through the hall and we all ducked as bullets hit the walls. Glancing back I found three men shooting at us, but I had no idea why. The boys started to run towards the stairs, while us girls stayed behind \"Come on!\" Pest shouted holding the doors open. Sam helped me get India to her feet and we ran towards the boys, sounds of banging and gunshots filling my ears as we ran. The boys continued to shout out as we reached the floor above. Running down another hall, we finally reached the lift. They pushed the button repeated, hoping that one of the doors would slide open. Looking down at India, I sighed nervously. Her eyes were blood-shot and tear tracks stained her cheeks. Her arms had loosened around my waist, but still gripped my jumper in her hands. I had no idea how she was feeling right now, but I'd have probably felt the same way if it was Pest that had his head ripped off. The doors finally opened and we all flooded in, not caring about the high-looking posh lad already inside. We looked towards the doors and my eyes widened as the alien ran towards us. But thankfully, the lift doors closed \"Who was that?!\" Sam shouted, meaning the man who repeatedly shot at us. \"That's High-Hatz. Man's a sausage!\" Pest exclaimed. So that was High-Hatz, now I actually felt glad that I hadn't met him before. \"Why is he shooting at us?\" I asked, finally finding my voice. \"His best friend got ate, and he's a bit vexed about it\" Jerome explained. Something smashed against the doors and we all jumped back \"I know exactly how he feels\" he added. \"Will someone please tell me what the fuck is going on\" The posh lad begged. I sighed and lowered India to sit on the floor \"What's that thing chasing you? Why is the other lift full of bits of dead people?\" he asked. Shrugging, I unlatched India's hands on my shirt \"What are you doing we need to go down!\" he shouted. I looked back at the boys. \"I ain't going down. There's too many things down there that's out to get me, get me?\" Moses asked shaking his head. \"True say, police, crazy gangstas and fucked up monsters down there!\" Pest exclaimed. \"Okay, let's not go down. Where can we go?\" The posh guy asked. \"We're going to Ron's weed room\" Moses replied. \"What's Ron's weed room?\" Sam asked with narrowed eyes. \"It's a room full of weed and it's Ron's\" The posh guy explained. She nodded. \"19\" Moses instructed. Pest nodded and pushed the button, sending the lift upwards instead of down.[Chapter 15] A 'ding' noise rang out in the lift, letting us know that we'd reached the 19th floor. The doors opened and we stared down the dark hall \"Down the end\" Moses said. Squinting, I noticed two aliens down the end of the hall. \"I am too high for this shit\" The posh lad said, shaking his head. \"Trust\" Pest nodded. Jerome pushed a button and the lift doors closed. \"I wanna shoot those things man!\" he exclaimed, all three of them turning to face each other. \"Same here brov\" Moses said. \"Times three\" Pest added. Rolling my eyes, I turned back to face my sister. She'd pulled her knees up to her chest, her hands clasped together in front of them. She leaned against the side of the lift, staring at the doors...I was pretty concerned about her. The lift doors re-opened and the boys ran out, followed by Sam and the posh lad. Sighing, I took hold if India's hands \"C'mon sis\" I muttered. She nodded, letting me pull her to her feet. We joined the boys, hiding behind the wall. Pest turned to us, holding out two rocket fireworks. Jerome lit them up and he aimed the fireworks down the hall. Soon enough loud banging was heard, and smoke started to fill the hall. \"I'm Brewis by the way\" The posh lad said, glancing at us. \"Sam\" \"I'm Tex, this is India\" I sighed, gesturing to my zombie-like sister. \"I'm supposed to be at a party in Fulham, now it's like I'm stuck in this bloody block\" he replied. I nodded in understanding while the boys sorted out their weapons \"What about you?\" he asked. \"We live here\" Sam replied. His eyebrows raised. \"Really? Wicked\" he said. I rolled my eyes, glancing down at India. \"I have to tell you something\" she whispered, her eyes half closed. Now would be a really shitty time for her to fall asleep, or pass out. \"Not now Ind', tell me later\" I sighed, shaking my head. Moses jumped out from behind the wall, staring down the silent hallway. He held the rocket out to Pest who lit the wire, before cautiously moving forward \"Lights. And stay close\" he instructed. Pest turned on the lights, but I knew we wouldn't be able to see because of all the smoke. Sam followed Moses and I waited for the others to go first. \"Tex, you go\" Pest said nodding towards the hall. Shaking my head nervously, I sighed. \"What about you?\" I asked. \"I'll be right behind you two, trust\" he reassured. I bit my lip nervously but nodded, heading into the fog with India. We slowly walked through the mist, and I could just about see Sam in front of me. I felt pretty scared right now, especially with Pest letting off bangers behind me. A loud screeching noise was heard and I jumped, clinging to my sister. Her hands gripped my jumper tighter, she was obviously as scared as I was. We soon reached the end of the hall and I sighed in relief. Moses and Sam had already reached the end, and were waiting near the lights. Pest appeared a few seconds after, sending a wave of relief through me. \"Where's Jerome? Brewis?\" Moses asked, squinting to see through the mist. \"I dunno\" Pest sighed. The lights suddenly dimmed, darkening the hallway \"Yo lights man, I'm going back in\" Pest said, heading back into the mist. Moses turned on the lights, once again illuminating the hallway. As Pest disappeared into the mist, I lowered India to the floor so that she was leaning against the wall. \"India, wait here okay?\" I asked. She nodded and closed her eyes. \"Where you going?\" Moses asked with narrowed eyes. Sighing, I glanced down the smoky hall. \"To make sure he comes back. Watch India\" I begged. He nodded and I walked into the mist. Crossing my arms nervously, I looked around me. The hallway was completely silent, and all I could see was smoke \"Pest!\" I called. When no reply came, I felt even more nervous \"Dick head\" I muttered shaking my head. Loud, male screams reached my ears and I jumped. The screams sounded like both Pest and Jerome, either way I was fucking terrified. As I walked further my legs hit something, screaming in surprise I looked down, sighing in relief \"Come on!\" I exclaimed helping him to his feet. \"They got Jerome!\" Pest shouted. I sighed and we made our way back towards the others. As we reached the end Pest swung his bat, thinking that there was an alien behind us. It turned out to be Brewis, who now probably needed stitches. \"What was that for?\" he asked, putting a hand to his gash while running passed us. I crouched down in front of India, putting an arm around her waist and pulling hers around my shoulder. \"Come on sis, we're moving again\" I sighed, pulling her to her feet. She nodded and I led her up the stairs, towards Ron's flat. The boys pounded on the door, shouting Ron's name. India rested her head on my shoulder sleepily, I was pretty sure she was close to passing out right now. The door cracked open, revealing Ron's face peeking through \"Alright\" he greeted. \"We need to hide in your weed room\" Moses begged. \"It's the only safe place in the block man!\" Pest added. \"I don't know about that\" Ron sighed, glancing at something behind him. \"Come on Ron!\" Pest shouted. Ron nodded, closing the door to slide off the latch. It re-opened and the boys ran in, but suddenly stopped. \"Wagwan Moses\" I looked around the boys, finding Hi-Hatz aiming a gun our way. He motioned us in and Ron shot Moses an apologetic look. We all walked further into the room, Ron closing the door behind us \"You killed that thing\" Hi-Hatz said, aiming the gun at Moses' head. \"Hi-Hatz, brov...\" \"You brought it in the ends\" \"I don't want no trouble\" \"You brought a fed in the ends\" \"Listen to me brov...\" \"You brought an alien invasion to the ends\" We all noticed what was behind him, but he didn't take any notice of our horrified expressions. Moses reached back, his hand taking hold of the samurai sword. \"Behind you brov!\" he exclaimed. \"Don't chat me\" Hi-Hatz said, shaking his head. \"He's not! Look behind you!\" I exclaimed, gesturing to the window. He moved the gun towards me and I flinched. \"Shut your mouth, bitch\" he snapped. My eyes narrowed. \"Fuck you\" I spat. A gunshot rang out and we all jumped at the sound. \"Tex!\" Someone shouted, I froze, staring at the window. I'd felt the blow, but there wasn't any pain, none. Looking down at my stomach, I gasped. My white jumper slowly turned a deep red, the fabric clinging to my stomach. I ran my fingers across, bringing them up to my face. \"I told you to shut your mouth\" Hi-Hatz repeated. My eyes widened as I stared at the blood, staining my fingers. Stumbling back against the wall, I accidentally let go of India. \"Tex\" Pest sighed, taking a step forward. \"You move you die\" Hi-Hatz said, turning the gun to him. Pest stayed in one place, glancing my way repeatedly \"You know what? I was gonna make you, now I'm gonna dead you\" Hi-Hatz said, aiming the gun at Moses \"This is my block, get me?\" he asked. \"Not really\" Moses shrugged, letting go of his sword. Loud screeching reached my ears, but I didn't move, I couldn't. \"Tex, come on!\" Pest exclaimed. He put an arm around my waist, helping me move. \"India\" I gasped, covering my bleeding stomach with my arm. \"Sam's got her, c'mon babe\" he sighed. I nodded and let him lead him into the weed room. Author's Note: Dun, dun, dun! Will Tex die? What is India's secret? I'll leave you on a cliffie for now, though. Bye :).[Chapter 16] Biting down on my bottom lip, I stifled the scream threatening to sneak out. Sam was inspecting the wound on my stomach, and it hurt like a bitch. India seemed to be breaking out of her zombie-like-state, and was actually paying attention to her surroundings. Moses sat a few feet away, staring at the ground in thought. Brewis was sat behind me, leaning against the table with the small alien on it. And Pest...well, he was right next to me. As hard as I tried to hold them in, tears continued to make their way down my cheeks. Hi-Hatz was dead, I knew that much, and I couldn't be happier. \"Wish I'd never chased after that thing. Wish we'd never murked you. Wish I never took that white off Hi-Hatz. Wish I'd just gone home, and played FIFA like Biggz said\" Moses said regretfully. \"Anyone got skins?\" Pest asked randomly. \"No\" Sam sighed, ripping a long strip away from my jumper. \"Bare weed, and no skins. This is my worst nightmare\" he said, his head thudding back against the wall. \"Ditto\" I groaned. I cried out as Sam pressed the cloth against my wound. \"Is she gonna be okay?\" India asked hopefully. Sam sighed. \"The bullet didn't hit any major organs. But if we don't get her to a hospital soon...\" she paused, shaking her head. \"Is my sister gonna die?\" India asked. \"Just make sure to keep pressure on that\" Sam instructed before leaning back against the wall. Soon enough I felt another pressure on my wound. Gasping loudly, I once again bit down on my lip. \"Listen yeah, we never knew you lived in the block. If we knew you, we wouldn't have stepped you\" Moses said, his head tilted towards us. \"What it would've been okay to mug me if I didn't live here? Is that how it works?\" Sam asked, slight anger to her tone. \"Boy you is touchy, he's tryna apologise to you man\" Pest said, shaking his head. Rolling her eyes, Sam sighed. \"Do you have a jumper or something? To support her head?\" she asked, glancing at everyone in the room. \"Use this\" Pest sighed, taking off his jacket. He handed it to Sam, who folded it into a pillow and slid it underneath my head. With the extra lift I was able to see everyone a little better, being on the floor wasn't exactly comfortable. \"Tex, the thing that I need to tell you\" India said nervously. She took my hand in her free one, lacing our fingers together \"I'm pregnant\" she admitted. My eyes widened slightly. \"You're pregnant?\" Sam asked, her tone full of surprise and disbelief. \"Yeah, two weeks tomorrow. I shagged Dennis and we didn't use anything, I panicked and symptoms started showing up. Then two days ago I chugged down most of the alcohol in the flat. I woke up the next morning with a killer headache and no memory of the night before. Anyway, I went to take a piss and I found a test on the bathroom sink...it was positive. I guess I took a test while I was drunk, I can't believe someone actually sold that thing to me in that state\" she explained, shaking her head in thought. Tears continuously flowed down my cheeks, as I realised the mistake she'd made. \"India, I have something to tell you \" I said shakily. All heads, minus Moses, turned to face me. \"What do you mean?\" she asked, her eyes narrowed in confusion. \"The test wasn't yours, it was mine\" I admitted, taking a deep breath. As soon as those words left my mouth, the whole room fell into silence. The only sounds I could hear were heavy breathing and the odd shoe scuffling along the floor. \"Wait...I...what?...I mean, how?\" she asked, shaking her head with wide eyes. Groaning, I fidgeted at the discomfort my wound was causing...it really hurt. \"Well, usually when a guy and girl get together...\" I started, feeling very nervous about this. \"Cut the bullshit\" India snapped, cutting me off. \"I finished Pest around two weeks ago, but I never once thought I'd be preggered. Anyway I started puking, in the morning, the afternoon, sometimes during the night. So while you were sleeping in from your drink-party-for-one, I took a test. Mum and Dad were at work, so I had the whole place to myself. Did you know that those tests cost about £8.00?\" I asked, chuckling to myself. \"Tex\" she sighed impatiently. \"You usually sleep until one in the afternoon on a normal day, how was I supposed to know you'd actually wake up at 10:00? I was watching TV while I waited for the thing to settle. Then when my time was up, I looked for the test, but it wasn't there. I practically trashed that toilet, but I couldn't find it. So I didn't know if I was pregnant or not, and I didn't have enough money to buy another test\" I explained, shaking my head. \"And you didn't think to tell me why?\" she asked angrily. \"I wanted to be sure before I did anything, or told anyone. The puking carried on but I just though it was something I ate, sure a little feeling in the back of my mind told me otherwise but I ignored it. I mean...I'm 15 years old! I didn't want to believe it!\" I exclaimed, wincing as the pain in my stomach increased. \"But, I mean...why was I getting symptoms?\" India asked, shaking her head in confusion. \"Well, you say you panicked right?\" Sam asked. India nodded \"Well, sometimes a persons body produces false symptoms. No one knows why it happens but I've seen some women come to the Hospital because of it. So you're brain was tricking you into thinking that you were pregnant because you were stressing so much over it. It's not your fault, you didn't know\" she explained. India nodded, staring at the floor in thought. \"Tex?\" Pest asked. Inwardly sighing, I turned my head to face him. \"Yeah?\" I asked hesitatingly. Biting his lip in thought, he shuffled around until he could lean down towards me. \"You're pregers?\" he asked, raising his eyebrows. Sighing, I shook my head. \"Not anymore, not after Hi-Hatz...\" I paused, holding back a sob. My left hand rested on my stomach, rubbing the bare skin soothingly \"I'd be lucky if I survive the night. Let alone the baby\" I sighed, looking back up at him. \"Tex, if you thought you were up-the-duff you shoulda told me\" he said, shaking his head. \"We were fighting remember? We didn't even talk to each other after I finished you. Heck I hadn't seen you until tonight!\" I exclaimed. He shrugged. \"Fightin' or not, I would've been there. You know how much I 'ated my dad for leavin' mum alone wiv me, I mean look how it turned out. I woulda been there for everythin', anytime\" he replied. \"I know\" I sighed. Leaning down, he gently pressed his lips against mine. My eyes instantly closed, allowing my body to go along with it. He quickly slid his tongue in, rubbing it against my own, before pulling back. Sighing in content, I rested my bloody hand on the back of his neck \"You're still my Mrs\" he smirked. Giggling, I quickly leaned up and pecked his lips again. As we pulled back, his eyes flickered up, soon raising curiously \"Moses, you're jacket's gone rave\" he remarked. Turning my head back, I found Moses with neon blue splatters over his jacket and cap. \"It's glowing in the UV light. Maybe it's some kind of pheromone\" Brewis said in thought. \"Maybe it's a what now?\" Pest asked, very confused. \"It's an eco hormone that triggers a social response in members of the same species. Maybe that's a female, and the others are male, and that stuff is what's attracting them\" Brewis said. \"They're smelling us\" Sam said in realisation. Nodding, Brewis rose to his feet. \"They fell through the sky, yeah?. Well maybe they drift through space on solar winds, and whatever planet they land on first the female leaves a trail for the males to follow, find it, breed etc. Like bees, like beetles, like moths\" he explained. \"Some fucking funny looking moth\" Moses remarked. \"Yeah, well whatever it is you're covered in it and it seems to be peaking the interest of a rather hostile alien species. I'm just saying that if you took those clothes off, they wouldn't know that you were there or we were here\" Brewis suggested. \"You fancy him or somethin'? You tryna get him naked?\" Pest asked. I rolled my eyes. \"No, I'm trying to save your life. And an answer to your question earlier\" Brews crouched down behind me, digging through the plastic bag he'd brought with him. He soon pulled out some skins and handed them to Pest. \"Oh thank fuck!\" Pest exclaimed, sighing in relief. Brewis nodded, sitting back down against the table \"Brov I swear, I will never cuss you again\" Pest said, holding his fist out to Brewis. The posh lad nodded, fist bumping Pest. \"Yo Brewis. Everyone that touched this thing got murked yah know. Dennis, Jerome, Tonks, them feds when they tried to touch me. Everyone who had that scent on them. So if they follow the smell on that then, maybe I can lead 'em\" Moses said, staring at the alien. \"Lead them where?\" India asked, finally finding her voice. \"Somewhere I can blow dem up. I killed that fing, I brought them in the block. I've gotta finish what I started\" Moses replied, turning his head to face us. I sighed nervously.[Chapter 17] Brewis held the large UV light with both hands, scanning Sam. The plan they'd devised was suicidal, but would hopefully work. The only person that hadn't had any close-contact with the aliens was Sam...well, and Brewis. But with him and Pest being high right now, Sam had decided to step in and take over. After all, I was slowly bleeding to death, and India was mutely sitting in the corner. She hadn't spoken to me since the revelation, but in all honesty I didn't blamer her. \"You look clean\" Brewis said. \"You look good\" Pest commented. Rolling my eyes, I watched the group from my spot on the floor. \"I'm betting my life we're right about this\" she replied nervously. \"Believe me I'd go out there myself if I wasn't so profoundly stoned\" Brewis said, shaking his head. \"Likewise\" Pest added. She nodded, approaching Moses. Pest turned around, slowly lowering himself onto the floor next to me. \"One floor down, one nine one\" Moses instructed. \"One floor down, one nine one\" Sam repeated. \"You bell me when you get there\" he said, handing her the phone. She nodded \"Yo Pest, give me that ring\" Moses said, holding his hand out towards Pest. \"What ring man?\" Pest asked, a slightly annoyed look on his face. Moses stared at him knowingly and Pest groaned, digging through his jean pockets \"Oh man! That's ours, it's worth bare P man!\" he exclaimed. \"Give it\" Moses demanded. Nodding, Pest reluctantly handed him the ring. \"Thanks\" Sam said as she received the ring. Moses nodded \"Even if you out-run them, even if you make it how are you gonna get out?\" she asked worriedly. \"Don't worry about me man\" he shrugged. \"You don't have to do this Moses\" she sighed, shaking her head. \"Yeah I do\" he said. Nodding, she made her way towards the door. A few minutes after she left, Moses' phone started to ring. A tickling feeling started up in my throat and I coughed, only problem was, the harder I coughed the more my stomach hurt. I sat up straight, not caring at the increase in pain. Sighing in relief once the coughing stopped, I slowly reclined onto my back. But as my head touched the soft material of Pest's jacket, my eyes began to drop. Feeling tired would be an understatement, I was fucking knackered. \"Tex, nah you have to stay awake\" The devil himself sighed, stroking my forehead. \"I'm tired, let me sleep\" I whined, shaking my head and re-opening my eyes. \"You know I can't let you do that, the nurse said not to let you so I ain't goin' to\" he shrugged, sitting cross-legged next to me. Sighing in annoyance, I reluctantly kept my eyes open. \"Good luck Moses\" I whispered as he hung up the phone. He nodded, the female alien strapped to his back. \"Moses vs the monsters. Kill 'em, kill all dem fings!\" Pest exclaimed. \"Allow it\" he said. Pest pulled out the fireworks, hopping towards the door with the rockets in hand. Moses kicked open the door as Pest lit the fireworks, aiming them towards the room full of aliens. He jumped out of the way, allowing Moses room to run through. As soon as he disappeared, Pest re-closed the door. \"What do we do now?\" India asked curiously. \"We get out of this block\" Pest said, walking towards me. He crouched down to my level and I tilted my head \"Time to go green eyes\" he sighed. Groaning, I let him pull me into a sitting position. \"No...hurts\" I muttered, whimpering at the pain. He threw my arm around his shoulder, gently wrapping his around my waist. \"I know, but you either move or die in the weed room\" he shrugged, lifting us both to our feet \"India, grab the bat. Brewis grab...well, anyfing hard\" he instructed. The two nodded, doing exactly what they were told. My left hand gripped Pests jacket tight, the pain was intense and I was sleepier than ever. The hall was still slightly smoked from when we were down here before, but some had cleared up. On our way out, we'd picked up Ron. Turned out the man was hiding in his bedroom, so he'd survived somehow. Pest paused, causing the rest of us to stop as well. \"Oh fucking hell\" Ron said, shaking his head. \"What? Is it one of the monsters?\" Brewis asked nervously. \"Sort of\" Pest replied, sighing. Closing my eyes, I rested my head on his shoulder. \"Get down on the ground!\" An older male voice shouted. My eyes remained closed, I was too tired to open them again. \"Hang on, hang on! Just help 'er first, yeah? She's hurt bad\" Pest said. A few seconds after those words, I found myself moving around again. My body was lifted bridal style, but I knew it wasn't Pest, the body was too hard and large to be him. Cracking my eyes open, I saw Pest and the others lying flat on their stomach. Armed riot police surrounded them with guns, and I realised one was carrying me away from them. \"Pest\" I muttered, their forms disappearing as I moved through the fog. \"It's alright Miss, no one can hurt you again. You'll be fine\" The man holding me reassured. Sighing, I let my eyes close. Author's Note: Sorry it's so short, couldn't think of anything else. But this is not the end of the story...ALERT! NOT END OF STORY. I will continue to after the invasion, and hopefully you'll keep reading. Anyway hope you enjoyed the chapters, and review if you can.[Chapter 18] Gasping loudly, I shot up into a sitting position. Looking around, I found myself in a medium-sized hospital room. An aching pain appeared in my stomach and I groaned. Pulling back the blanket, I found myself wearing one of those uncomfortable paper gowns. I lifted up the gown, revealing a large white gauze pad taped to my lower stomach. I slowly shuffled the gown back to it's original place, but suddenly felt a strange sensation in my lower region. My eyes widened as I re-positioned the gown around my waist. Unfortunately I was no longer wearing my usual boy-shorts, but that wasn't my main problem. Next to my bed was a see-through box, full of some yellow coloured liquid. A thin orange tube ran up from the box and onto the bed, soon disappearing underneath me. I fidgeted slightly, realising that the tube was inside of me. But I had no idea which hole it was in, and it freaked me out...I felt violated. Trying to take my mind off the disturbing tube, I decided to take in my other attachments. An IV stand had been placed on the right of my bed, a clear bag containing some water-like liquid inside hanging from a hook. Another thin tube led down from the bag, and onto my bed. The tube eventually thinned out, turning into a needle that was taped to the back of my left hand. Although a doctor or nurse had wrapped a bandage around the needle, preventing it from falling out of my hand. As I inspected the needle, I failed to hear the door open, or the silent approaching of footsteps. \"Hey sis\" Jumping in surprise, I turned my head to see a normal-looking India. \"How long was I out?\" I asked, my voice whispered from the lack of hydration. \"About two days, you passed out before they brought you in. How do you feel?\" she asked, sitting down on the purple arm-chair next to my bed. \"My stomach hurts, my hand is stinging and there's a tube inside my fanny!\" I exclaimed with wide eyes. \"Yeah, that's supposed to help. Apparently your body still needs to release it's fluids, asleep or not. So in short, the box next to your bed is filled with pee\" she explained. Grimacing, I leaned back against the headboard. \"So, what happened? After...well, I passed out\" I asked. \"A lot, actually. Moses blew up the aliens and got arrested. Pest, Brewis and Ron got arrested for the weed. Biggz survived by hiding in a bin, and mum an' dad want to kill us both\" she explained, shrugging. \"And I know it's a stupid thing to ask, but did...\" I paused, biting down on my lip nervously. \"You mean your...\" she nodded towards my stomach and I nodded \"No. I'm sorry\" she sighed. \"It's okay, I mean I knew it happened as soon as Hi-Hatz shot me. But I guess it could be a good thing, now I can carry on with life as normal\" I replied, fiddling with the loose threads on my blanket. \"I'm so sorry Tex\" she repeated, shaking her head. \"Don't be. So, what exactly happened to the boys?\" I asked worriedly. She sighed. \"Pest got community service for possession of weed, apparently it wasn't the first time he'd been caught out. Moses has 9 months in some Juvenile Detention Centre for arson, he would've got done for murder but the investigator people proved that there was a rabid animal in the building so he was let off. I can't remember what happened to Ron and Brewis, judging by how much weed they found in Ron's flat I'm gonna guess that they went to prison or something. They buried Jerome and Dennis, the funerals were held yesterday. And there's a photo of both boys taped to the entrance of the block, people have been putting flowers there every day now\" she explained. I nodded in understanding. \"I'm sorry India, about the whole pregnancy test thing. I didn't mean to hurt you like that\" I said apologetically. She looked up at me, a small smile on her face. \"It's okay. And even though that test was yours, I took one of my own... soberly \" she said, rolling her eyes. I chuckled. \"And?\" I asked curiously. \"And it turned out to be positive. It wasn't false symptoms I was having, it was real ones\" she admitted, her tone slightly excited. \"You're gonna keep it?\" I asked knowingly. She nodded. \"Yeah, definitely. I guess now that he's gone I want something to remember him by, something more than just photos\" she replied. \"That actually makes sense sis. But one problem, what about mum and dad?\" I pointed out. She shrugged. \"They can suck it. I'm keeping this baby weather they want me to or not, it's not up to them\" she said, shaking her head. \"That's the India I know and love. How are you feeling?\" I asked. Sighing, she stared down at her hands. \"I'm okay. You wanna know the weird thing about it? Sometimes in the middle of the night I check my phone, to see if he phoned or texted me like he used to. I can't help it, I don't wanna admit it to myself I guess. Weird huh?\" she asked, shaking her head. I instantly picked up on the sad tone in her voice, and I shuffled across my bed. \"India\" I called. She looked up at me with tear filled eyes. Patting the space next to me, I tilted my head sympathetically. Without a hint of hesitation, she hopped up next to me. I wrapped my arm around her shoulder, letting her rest her head on my left shoulder. Her body shook as she cried, her tears wetting my gown...I didn't care. \"I miss him\" she sobbed, shaking her head. Tears of sympathy and sadness filled my eyes as I rubbed her arm. \"I know, you'll get through it. And I'll be there every step of the way\" I replied, looking down at her. \"Look at us, all we did was try to get back at mum and dad. Did you ever see it turning out like this?\" she asked chuckling. \"Not one bit\" I admitted, resting my head on top of hers. I'd never actually realised how annoying some doctors and nurses could be, at least until I'd woken up from my two day sleep. At first they wouldn't let me out, claiming that they had to do a 'check-up' on me. And then when they were finished they were unsure about weather or not to let me go, but India quickly dealt with that matter. Although the doctors weren't the worst people I had to face, I'd had to go through my parents. Did they throw a bitch fit? Heck yes. They told us both that we were grounded, and that we had to stay away from the remaining boys. And if that wasn't bad enough, India had shouted at them and let her pregnancy fact slip out with it. To say they were pissed would be an understatement, but she couldn't have cared less. Our mum fainted, and our dad froze...allowing us a quick escape. So, while our parents took a break to think over how screwed up their daughters were, we'd decided to pay Pest a little visit. Although by 'we' I mean me, on my own. India had gone back to the flat, deciding to give me some alone time with Pest. She's told me where he was, some little building near the river. It wasn't that far from the block, but I guess if it was far, chances are he probably wouldn't have shown up. As I walked down the deserted street, I pulled the hood up onto my head. Walking around these streets made me pretty self-conscious, especially when I was alone. Resting my hands into the pockets of my jacket, I soon spotted the small building where he was supposed to be. Speeding my walking up slightly, I found four people already stood outside the building. There were three boys and one girl, obviously they had probably done something to get themselves into this situation too. \"Oi!\" I called. The teens all turned their heads to face me. \"A'right darlin'?\" One of the boys greeted, quickly glancing me up and down. \"Is Pest here?\" I asked boredly, tilting my head. \"Who wants to know?\" The girl asked, her eyes narrowed sceptically. \"His girl\" I replied, my lips forming a smirk. Her eyes seemed to narrow even more at that information, which just made me a lot more smug. \"He's 'avin a piss. I'll go get him for yah\" One of the other boys said. I nodded and he entered the building, while I situated myself on a nearby bench. \"So, you're Tex?\" Turning my head, I found the third boy watching me curiously. \"The one and only. What's he told you?\" I asked, slightly worried. The boy chuckled. \"Nothin' bad, trust. I'm Jake\" he reassured. \"Good. What's up with her?\" I asked, nodding towards the pissed-looking girl behind him. \"She's just mad because she fancies him, don' worry though he ain't interested\" Jake shrugged. I nodding, inwardly sighing in relief. \"What's so important dat you needed to drag me out 'ere when I'm in the middle of a piss?!\" A familiar voice exclaimed. Smiling, I bit my lip and turned to face the doors. \"Well you seem back to normal\" I remarked, leaning back on the bench. His head whipped my way, his eyes immediately widening. \"Nah, I don't believe it\" he said, shaking his head. I hopped down from the bench, making my way towards him. \"Nice to see you too\" I chuckled, tilting my head slightly. In an instant, his arms wrapped tightly around my waist, lifting my up slightly. Giggling, I rested my arms around his neck. \"Man, how you feelin'?\" he asked, pulling back to face me. \"A little achy on my stomach, but apart from that I'm fine. What about you? How's the leg?\" I asked worriedly. \"Doin' alright, should be walking normal in about two weeks\" he shrugged. I nodded. \"So, community service huh?\" I asked, slightly amused. Rolling his eyes, he nodded. \"It's bullshit! But I guess it's better than prison\" he sighed, shaking his head. \"Yeah. You visited Moses yet?\" I asked curiously. \"Nah, not yet. I'm thinkin' of going up this weekend, you wanna come?\" he asked. I nodded. \"Definitely. He saved the block, such a shame he has to celebrate in juvie\" I sighed. \"You're tellin' me. Anyway how's India? I heard about her being...well, you know\" he said shrugging. \"She's okay, misses Dennis like mad\" I replied. \"We all do, Jerome as well. This is gonna sound stupid, but are you still...\" he moved his right hand around to my front, resting it on my lower stomach. \"No\" I sighed, shaking my head. He nodded, a disappointed look appearing on his face. \"Are you okay?\" he asked, moving his hand back around. \"Yeah, I guess so. Mum and dad are freaking out though\" I smirked, biting my lip again. \"I'll bet, listen...\" \"Oi! No visitors during your hours!\" We both turned our heads to see some middle-aged man near the building doors, staring at us with an angered look. \"Who the fuck is that?\" I asked, turning back to Pest. \"He's makin' sure we turn up an' everythin'. Man's a wanker!\" he exclaimed, turning his head to face me. \"Sounds like one. I'll head home, let you get back to...well whatever the fuck you were doing\" I said, pulling my hands back. \"Yeah. Listen, I'll come over yours later and we'll talk yeah?\" he asked. I nodded. Shoving his hands inside my jacket pockets, yanking me against him. Our mouths crashed together and I squeaked in surprise, resting my hands on his shoulders \"Hey! Enough of that\" The worker man shouted. Smirking into the kiss, Pest ran his hands down in my back pockets, pulling my closer if it was possible \"Either stop or stay longer!\" The man threatened. I pulled my face back, giggling as Pest groaned in annoyance. \"I'll see you later\" I reassured. Nodding, he quickly leaned forward and pecked my lips. \"Later babe\" he sighed. I nodded and crossed my arms before heading home.[Chapter 19] Pushing open the front door, I sighed in relief at the sight of my hallway. It was a little strange being so happy to see something as simple as a hallway, but being chased around a building by aliens really changes your view of things. In all honesty, I was just happy to be alive...well, I was happy that all of us were alive. And by 'all' I mean the few of us that remained. I'd seen the mourning photos on the way up, and I'd never realised how many friends Dennis and Jerome had. And though I wasn't really close with the two as much as Pest, I knew I'd miss them just as much. I silently re-closed the door, knowing that if India was pregnant then she'd most likely be asleep, it was her way of getting rid of stress. Kicking off my wedges, I entered the living room. Everything was still pretty much the same, except for a few bits and bobs around the place. Mum had gotten some new cushions, they were a pale blue colour and very comfy. Muffled talking reached my ears and I narrowed my eyes in confusion, turning my head towards our bedroom door. I slowly approached the door, listening intently. The one voice was India, that much I knew. But I couldn't figure out who the other person was, the mystery person sounded familiar, but I couldn't put my finger on it. Placing one hand against the door, I pushed slowly, peeking through the crack. My eyes narrowed in confusion at the sight. India and Biggz were sat on her bed, talking about something or other. She was leaning back against the headboard, legs crossed and hands in lap. While he was lying down a few inches away, his arms resting above his head. Biting my lip in thought, I watched through the crack in the door, listening to their conversation. I knew I shouldn't have been spying on my sister, but it was something we both shared. It was like the old saying 'Curiosity killed the cat'. Except there were two cats and a lot of pent up curiosity. \"I couldn't help it\" India said, shaking her head with a sad expression. \"You 'ad to do what you 'ad to do\" Biggz shrugged. She sighed. \"I know! But she's my sister, I hate lying to her\" \"Technically you didn' lie to 'er\" He leaned up onto his forearms, turning his head to face my sister. \"Yeah I know. But we never keep things from each other, we've been telling each other everything since we were old enough to speak. I just wish I could tell her\" India sighed. \"She might not understand though, you really wanna take dat risk?\" he asked, narrowing his eyes curiously. \"No, not really\" she replied, shrugging. \"Me neither. Look yeah, we'll both tell 'er when we're ready, an' she'll jus' 'ave to accept it\" he said, rising into a sitting position. \"But I don't know for sure yet!\" she exclaimed frustratedly. I narrowed my eyes, what wasn't my sister telling me?. \"I don' care if it's mine or 'is! I'm gonna be there for you\" he said, shuffling towards her. My eyes widened as he took her hands in his, lacing their fingers together. \"I'm sorry about all of this, it's not fair on you\" she said, shaking her head. \"Look, I don' mind. Even if the baby is Dennis', I'll still be there for you\" he sighed. As soon as the sentence escaped his mouth, my eyes must've widened even further. \"Oh my god\" I gasped, not realising my mistake. Both their heads whipped in my direction, and I slowly backed away from the door. \"Who's there?!\" Biggz demanded, yanking the door open further. His eyes widened as he saw me. \"What? Who is...\" India paused in the doorway, her jaw dropping. \"Please tell me you didn't\" I begged, shaking my head. It was too much for me to take in, and I didn't want to believe it. \"I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to!\" she exclaimed, tears appearing in her eyes. \"I don't know what to say...I mean...when?\" I asked, panting slightly from the shock. \"A week after me and Dennis started fighting\" she explained. I nodded and shook my head. \"You...you cheated on Dennis?\" She nodded with a guilty expression. \"Yeah\" \"Is that baby his?\" \"I don't...\" she paused, staring down at the floor. \"She don' know\" Biggz explained, once again taking her hand in his. \"So everything you said in the Hospital, that was complete bullshit! You don't miss him, not even a little!\" I shouted, my shock turning into anger. \"It was not bullshit! I miss him so much but I love Biggz too, I'm just stuck!\" she shouted back. I shook my head in disbelief. \"I can't believe you! How could you do this to him? How could you keep it from me?!\" All the questions that sprung to mind seemed to be shooting out my mouth, and I couldn't stop it. \"I know Tex! And I'm so, so sorry\" she sobbed, shaking her head. \"I'm just...\" I paused and shook my head at her \"Does Pest know? Moses? The girls?\" \"No. Just you\" she replied. \"I'm gonna phone Pest, see if I can stay at his tonight\" I said, taking the house phone off the holder. \"Please Tex, don't!\" India begged. Completely ignoring her pleads, I dialled Pests' number. \"Yo?\" he greeted. I sighed, glancing back at my now quieted sister. \"Hey babe, it's Tex\" \"You a'right? You sound upset\" he said, worry clear in his tone. \"No, everything's okay. I just really need to talk to you later, and d'you think I can stay over yours tonight?\" I asked hopefully. \"Yeah, course\" \"Thanks. I'll see you later then\" \"Yeah, later babes\" I hung up the phone, placing it back on the holder. \"Tex, please. Can't we just talk it out? You know, like we used to when we were kids\" India asked, her tone a lot calmer than before. Turning around, I faced her and Biggz. \"No. Back then it was different, we talked about stealing mum and dad's stuff and blaming it on each other. Now, though? This time you've fucked two different guys, one of which died the other night, and you're knocked up and don't even know who the dad is. I'm sorry sis but, you're on your own this time\" I sighed, shaking my head. She nodded in understanding. \"You're upset, I get it. But promise me that you won't tell Pest\" she begged. \"I can't promise you that. He's the only one I can talk to about this, because it's for damn sure not gonna be you\" I replied, crossing my arms angrily. \"But what if he tells Tia? Or one of the others? What happens to me then?\" she asked, her tone full of nervousness. \"You should've though about that before you jumped into bed with another guy as soon as you had relationship problems with your boyfriend!\" I exclaimed. \"I'm so sorry Tex\" she repeated. I nodded. \"I know, but I'm not the one you should've said sorry to\" I said. She nodded and I entered the bedroom, slamming the door behind me as I went.[Chapter 20] I was lying down on Pest's sofa, my back against the arm. I'd left India and Biggz in the flat, might not have been the best idea, but I was too mad to even be around her. Sure, she was my twin and I did still love her, but not knowing if the baby belongs to your former-alive-boyfriend or bit on the side was a new low. And when I thought about it, the night Dennis had died, they'd been a lot more loved up after she told him something in the kitchen. So now I was putting the pieces together, and she'd obviously told him that she was having his kid, when it might not have been completely true. But it didn't matter anymore, Dennis wasn't around and Biggz was. So maybe the baby being Bigzzs' would be better, but Pest wasn't exactly seeing it that way. I'd told him about five minutes after we met up, and he wasn't taking it in the best way. \"I'm gonna fuckin' kill 'im!\" he shouted, pacing back and forth. \"Calm down\" I sighed, rolling my eyes. \"I can't fuckin' calm down Tex! He shagged 'is mates girl, you don' do that!\" he exclaimed, pausing to look down at me. \"You think I don't know that? Look I know how fucked up it is but I'm not shouting about it\" I replied irritatedly. \"I mean, 'ow could 'e do that?\" he asked, shaking his head. I shrugged. \"I don't know, I'm not mad at him though. I'm mad at India. Your nan's not here is she?\" I asked worriedly. I'd hate to think that we'd woken her up with all our shouting. \"Nah, she's playin' bingo\" he explained. I sighed in relief. \"Good. Look I'm probably as mad as you but beating the shit out of them won't do anything\" I said. He sighed, falling down next to me. \"It'd do somethin' though\" he muttered, shaking his head. \"How fucked up is this? India's the one with the baby and she doesn't even know who's it is\" I said, biting my lip in thought. \"Hmm. I though you weren't upset about it?\" he asked curiously. I shrugged. \"So did I\" I mumbled. He laced his fingers through mine and I looked up at him. \"I was upset when you told me\" he admitted. \"I'm only fifteen, so on some level I was happy-ish. But...\" I sighed, not sure how to finish my sentence. \"If you wan' one, you can 'ave one\" he said. I rolled my eyes. \"No, I don't want one. It just freaks me out how upset I was\" I sighed. He nodded. \"Nothin' wrong with that. Sides, if you ever wan' one all you gotta do is ask\" he smirked. I smiled in amusement. \"Yeah, I'm pretty sure the 'making it' part is the only bit you want. If I blew up like a balloon I'm pretty sure you'd think otherwise\" I replied, shaking my head. \"Nah, I ain't that bad. I'd definitely stay wiv you\" he said. \"Well, I'm not ready to be a mum. India isn't either, though. This may sound stupid but...I think I feel sorry for her\" I admitted. His eyes narrowed in confusion. \"What? Please tell me you're joking\" I shook my head. \"I don't know why. But think about it, I mean really think for a minute. She's pregnant at 15, she doesn't know who the dad is, she's apparently 'In-Love' with Biggz, she misses Dennis, our parents are most likely going to kick her out, I'm mad at her, you're mad at her, and to top it all off she still has homework to do because she's still in High School\" I explained. By the time I'd finished I knew he was contemplating my facts. \"I s'pose, but still! She cheated on Den!\" he exclaimed. I nodded in understanding. \"I know she did, and now she's paying for it. Look Pest, no one is angrier than me right now. But she's still my sister and we've been through everything together. I'm not turning my back on her now\" I sighed, shaking my head. \"Fine. But I'm 'avin' words wiv Biggz\" he said. I smiled and nodded. \"I know. I'll speak to her tomorrow, right now I just want to relax\" I shrugged. He nodded and smirked. \"Not yet you ain't\" he said. In a few seconds he moved so that he was hovering over me. \"Getting ideas?\" I chuckled. He shrugged. \"Nothin' I ain't thought before\" he replied before leaning down, I giggled and our lips connected. Sighing, I stood outside, staring at the blue door. It was time for me to go in and actually talk to my sister, help her. My time of being pissed off was over now, and it was time to help her. I had no idea what I was going to do though, we'd never dealt with this kind of situation before. We'd only ever had problems with ex-boyfriends, our parents, and the occasional slags in the area...but never pregnancy. Though as I thought this through, I then realised the loud shouting from inside my flat. Rolling my eyes, I pulled out my key, unlocking the door and entering. Though as I closed the door I realised who was shouting...our parents. \"You're getting rid of it!\" Dad shouted. Narrowing my eyes curiously, I dropped my bag onto the passage floor. \"No I'm not!\" India screamed. I crossed my arms and entered the living room. My whole family had spread out to occupy different parts of the room. India was stood up near the window, glaring daggers at my father. He was also stood, but near the kitchen doorway. And our mum was sitting down on the sofa, an annoyed expression on her face. \"What's going on?\" I asked. All heads whipped in my direction. \"Where have you been?\" Mum demanded. I shrugged. \"I stayed over at Pests' flat. Why, what's going on?\" I repeated. She sighed. \"We're trying to talk some sense into your sister. Maybe you can get her to listen\" she replied, annoyance clear in her tone. \"What? You think turning Tex against me will make me think any different? Fuck you\" India spat. \"Don't use that kind of language on your mum! You've been hanging out with that dirty-gang too long\" Dad exclaimed, shooting my sister a disgusted look. \"Will someone please tell me what the heck is going on?!\" I exclaimed impatiently. \"It's the baby, Tex. They're going to make me get rid of it\" India explained, tears filling her eyes. \"What? As in get an abortion?\" I asked, my eyes wide. \"Maybe, if not that then adoption. Listen Tex, I know you're mad at me but please don't side with them. Don't make me get rid of it\" she begged, rubbing her stomach as she did. \"Um...\" I paused, glancing at each member of my family. \"Your sister knows better, you think she's knocked up? No, she's always been the sensible one India. All of your lives you girls have been up to no-good, yet she always managed to you and herself back safe. She won't side with you this time. Just do the right thing India, get rid of it\" Our mum said calmly, it was actually disturbing how calm she was with it. \"I know Texas never let's it go too far, I know that she's the smart one, I know she always brings us home safe. I know all of it because she's my best friend!\" India shouted, the tears running down her cheeks. My eyes widened in surprise, I never thought she'd say that. \"You're getting rid of it, and that's final\" Dad said firmly. India sobbed, both arms covering her stomach. \"No she's not\" I stated. Once again, all heads turned to me. \"What?\" Mum asked angrily. \"She's not getting rid of it, not if I can help it\" I said, shaking my head. \"India doesn't have a choice. Either the baby goes, or she does\" Dad said with narrowed eyes. \"What, you're gonna kick her out?\" I asked in disbelief. \"Yes. She has to pay the price for her mistake if she intends to keep it, this is the only way for her to learn\" Mum confirmed. \"You're our parents! You should be helping us, not kicking us out at the first sign of trouble. And you wonder why we keep to ourselves, why we only ever turn to each other for help and advice. If India wants to keep this baby then she should be able to, you have no idea how scary it must be\" I exclaimed. \"And you do?\" Mum asked, her eyes narrowing. \"Yes! Because if the block hadn't of been attacked by 'rabid-animals' then you would've had two pregnant daughters to deal with\" I admitted. India's eyes widened, as well as my parents'. \"I don't care. She has a choice to make, either get rid of the baby, or pack your bags\" Dad said before disappearing into the kitchen. \"I'm sure you'll make the right decision\" Our mother said, heading into her bedroom. Sighing, I fell down onto the sofa. \"Thanks\" India whispered, occupying the arm-chair next to me. \"No worries\" I replied quietly. \"Why d'you change your mind?\" \"I knew how scared you must've been. And despite how angry I was, I plan on sticking to the promise we made\" I raised my scared palm, holding it out to her. She smiled, lifting her own scared hand and placing it against mine. \"Together forever\" she whispered. I nodded and we laced our fingers together, confirming our promise.[Chapter 21] It had been two weeks since the show-down with our parents, two weeks since India admitted to being pregnant, two weeks since I'd been let out of Hospital, and two weeks since she'd been kicked out of the flat. They'd let me stay, but only because I wasn't knocked up. Luckily for India, Biggzs' mum was an understanding woman. They'd explained to her that the baby was Biggzs', and she'd taken it lighter than I thought she would. Pest and I had gone with them for back-up, just in case his mum did kick off, but there was nothing to be worried about, she'd been completely calm with it. So India would be staying with them from now on. Biggzs' dad wasn't around, so there was enough room for a pregnant fifteen year old. The main problem though, was school. India and I were only fifteen, turning sixteen in a few months. Whereas the boys, they were in the year above. So to the people at school, India had been knocked up by someone in the higher year. It didn't sound too good. Since she was only four weeks along, India only had a very faint bump, so no one could tell unless she actually confirmed it. But apparently, India and Biggz had explained her situation to the head of year, and somehow a nosy student had overheard. The result being; The whole school found out in less than a day. The rumours were insane to say the least. Rape was the first thing that went around, but the boys soon put people in their place. But the next one was worse; Slut. Since India had previously been Dennis' girl, her being pregnant by Biggz meant people were assuming she slept around. Luckily for my sister, she had amazing friends. And with their help, rumour-spreaders were easily silenced. But despite all the pregnancy drama, things had been pretty quiet. But nothing can top and alien-invasion really. Pest was, thankfully, not getting caught for drugs anymore. Sure he still smoked weed, but I didn't care. Ron and Brewis were in prison, and the top floor had been blocked off, at least until they got all of the weed out of Ron's flat. I'd visited Moses with Pest, and despite being stuck there for nine months, he seemed pretty happy. But I would be too if everyone on the block was calling me a hero. Living in the flat without India was difficult, and weird. We'd always been together, no matter what, and without her things were strange. Our parents carried on like nothing had gone wrong, they went to work, came home, talked about their day, laughed at jokes, just acted completely normal. And I hated them for it. They'd kicked out their pregnant fifteen year old daughter, and didn't have a care in the world. They didn't even ask me how she was. Just asked me about school and friends. It was annoying. At the moment, I was in Pests' flat again. Even when he wasn't there, I'd stay in the flat. Since my parents were always at work, and India was living at Biggzs', I was mostly on my own in the flat. He didn't mind me being there, and neither did his nan, and god-knows I was happier there than I was at my own flat. His nan was currently out, probably at a friends house, and Pest would be back from Community Service in half an hour. But until he came back, I was in his flat alone. With him still being in school, he was forced to do his community service after school and on weekends, which made things a little difficult for him. But he'd told me he didn't care. After all, he'd fought off aliens with a bad-leg, so dealing with a few hours of community service was nothing compared to that. \"I'm 'ome!\" A familiar voice announced. I smiled, sitting up on the sofa. \"In here!\" I replied. He walked into the living room, nodding in greeting. \"A'right babe\" He threw his jacket onto the top of the sofa, falling down next to me. \"How'd it go?\" I asked curiously. He shuffled around onto his back, reclining so that his head fell into my lap. \"Shit. But the other lot there make it easy\" He shrugged. \"How's Trix?\" I asked, trying to hide my curiosity. Trix was the only girl at his community service, and she fancied him big time. Was I jealous? Definitely. \"Why?\" He asked, smirking up at me. \"Curious\" I shrugged, staring at the TV. \"She's the same. You jealous?\" I rolled my eyes. \"No. Just curious\" I lied. He laughed and I rolled my eyes again. \"Don't be a knob!\" I exclaimed, flicking the side of his head. \"Sorry love, it's just funny to see you jealous\" He said, finally composing himself. \"Don't even start with me. You remember what happened last week? At school\" I re-capped. He rolled his own eyes. \"I didn' like 'ow he was lookin' at yah!\" He exclaimed. I smiled amusedly. \"He wasn't even looking at me. You're just paranoid\" He sat up fully, turning to face me. \"Man I ain't paranoid! He was pure checkin' you out!\" \"No he wasn't. Any boy knows better than that\" I shrugged, pulling my knees up to my chest. \"Tex, listen yeah. Yah fit as hell, even if you are wiv me. Boys are still gonna try it on\" He said, shaking his head. \"Not after last week they aint, you scared the shit out of him. Anyway, you talked to Moses lately?\" I asked. He nodded. \"Yeah. Went to see him the other day, I explained everythin' wiv India an' Biggz\" \"How'd he take it?\" I asked. \"Better than I fought. How's India?\" He asked curiously. \"Fine. I don't see her much. She's always out with Biggzs' mum, shopping for baby stuff and everything\" I sighed. \"You miss 'er?\" \"Of course I miss her, she's my twin sister. Sometimes I just wish mum and dad hadn't kicked her out\" I admitted, shaking my head. \"Tex, can I ask yah somefin?\" He asked. \"You just did\" I smirked. He rolled his eyes, taking my right hand in his left. \"If I asked you to 'ave a kid wiv me, would yah say yeah?\" My eyes widened in disbelief. \"Are you serious?\" He nodded in confirmation \"I don't...I mean...What?\" \"Fink about it, you got pure upset when you lost the other one. An' I reckon we'd be good at it\" He shrugged. I nodded. \"Pest, we're still in school. I'm fifteen, I can't have a baby now!. And what would I do if mum and dad kicked me out?\" I asked, shaking my head. \"You'd move in 'ere, Gran would let you. C'mon Tex\" He begged. I let go of his hand, rising from the couch and heading into the kitchen. I couldn't believe he was actually asking me this. \"I can't, I mean yeah I was upset when I lost the baby before but I'm still fifteen Pest. And India went through hell at school, I don't think I could go through that\" I sighed, resting my hands on the counter. \"I'd beat the shit out of 'em!\" He exclaimed, following me in. \"Why do you even want one so bad?\" I asked. He shrugged. \"Cuz you're my Mrs, an' I love yah. An' the though of havin' a baby wiv yah makes me 'appy\" He replied. I sighed. \"Pest, I can't\" He nodded, a disappointed look on his face. \"A'right\" \"Maybe if I was, older or something. And we weren't still in school\" I said, shaking my head. \"So you don' wan' a kid wiv me? You care so much 'bout what people say Tex!\" He exclaimed. My eyes widened. \"The fuck? What the hell is wrong with you?! I don't care about what people say, if I did then I wouldn't be with you would I?!\" I shouted. His eyes narrowed. \"You tryna say somefin' Tex?\" I groaned. \"No! God Pest, calm the fuck down!\" \"Nah, I won' calm down. Why don' you want a kid wiv me Tex?!\" He exclaimed. \"You really wanna know?\" \"Yeah!\" \"Well for one thing, you're high all the time, you got community service, you're in a gang, and you can barely take care of yourself let alone a kid!\" I exclaimed. But as soon as those words left my mouth, I instantly regretted it. \"I can barely take care of myself?\" He asked, storming towards me. \"I didn't mean it\" I sighed, leaning against the counter. He paused when he was about an inch away. \"I take care of myself fine Tex!\" He raised his hand stressfully and I made the mistake of flinching back. As soon as that happened, he just stared at the wall behind my head. Thankfully, he slowly lowered his arm, gripping the counter behind me with both hands. I didn't mean to flinch, he knew what I though he was going to do, and I could not feel more guilty about it. Turning my head, I rested my cheek against the cold wall. Neither of us said anything, but I was too scared to. But we couldn't exactly stay like this for the rest of the night, at some point someone was gonna have to say something. Although I was sure it would have to be me \"Pest...\" He pulled back from me, speed-walking into the living room. I followed, watching confusedly as he pulled on his jacket \"Where you going?\" \"Out. You can stay if you wan', but I aint\" He shrugged, heading towards the door. As soon as it slammed shut, I fell down onto the sofa, running my fingers through my hair stressfully. What had I done?.[Chapter 22] Author's Note: Hi guys, sorry I haven't updated in a while. But to be honest, I'm kind of losing interest in this story, I won't quit it though because I know how annoying it is when people leave their stories unfinished. So I doubt this will be the last chapter, but I'm just giving you a heads-up that the story will end soon. Thank you for reviewing and I hope you enjoy the rest of the story. I walked out of Pests' bedroom, rubbing my eyes tiredly. I'd waited all night for him to come back, but as predicted, he didn't come back. His Gran had come home, asking where her Grandson was. I'd told her everything. She was so nice about it all, and told me that he needed some time to cool down, but it didn't help my guilt at all. Telling someone that they couldn't take care of themselves was a low-blow, and even if it was an accidental slip-out, I shouldn't have said it. And if my guilt wasn't bad enough, I was worried too. For all I knew he could've been dead in a ditch somewhere, I mean this was London, someone was either killed or went missing everyday, especially on these ends. I entered the living room, finding his Gran on the couch, watching Jeremy Kyle. Sighing quietly to myself, I fell down onto the sofa, leaning against the arm \"You look tired\" She said, taking a sip of her tea. \"I didn't sleep that much\" I admitted, resting my head on my palm. \"Worrying isn't healthy, he'll be fine\" She reassured. I nodded. \"I know, he's smart. It's just my guilty conscience kicking in\" I shrugged, yawning afterwards. \"It's not all your fault, love. He tends to go a bit mad over little things, but when he's thought about it all he'll realise how idiotic he was. It's just how he is\" She replied, chuckling. I smiled slightly. \"It's just...\" I paused for a moment, shaking my head in thought \"You should've seen the look on his face when I thought he was gonna hit me. I don't even know why I flinched, it was just on instinct I guess\" \"Don't worry about it, you've never seen him mad before so you couldn't have known what he was going to do\" \"I know\" I groaned, running a hand through my hair frustratedly \"Has he phoned? Anything?\" I asked in a calmer tone. \"No. I'm as worried as you dear but stressing won't do anything, he's a clever boy and he'll come back in once piece. He always does\" She replied, shaking her head. I nodded. \"I guess. Would it be okay if I made myself some tea?\" I asked, turning my head to face her. \"Of course. You're here almost everyday now, you don't need to ask me anymore\" She chuckled. I smiled and nodded, rising from the couch before walking into the kitchen. Though as I flicked down the kettle switch, I heard the front door open. But I didn't want to get my hopes up, and since Pests' Grandma occasionally had friends over, I remained in the kitchen. Besides, I'd be able to see whoever it was through the window in the wall between the kitchen and living room. \"Tex\" A familiar voice greeted. I turned, smiling slightly at the sight of my sister. \"Hi India. How's things?\" I asked, grabbing a cup from the cupboard. \"Good. How's stuff with you and Pest?\" She asked. I looked back, finding her with raised eyebrows. \"How'd you find out?\" \"Pest came over ours this morning, told us everything that went down last night. I decided to give him and Biggz some privacy, and I wanted to see if you were okay\" She explained, walking further into the room and leaning against the counter. \"I'm not gonna lie sis, I feel really guilty about last night\" I shrugged, popping a tea-bag into the cup. \"Don't be, I can't tell you how many times I thought Dennis was gonna hit me when we were going out. We were always fighting, hell, sometimes he thought I would hit him. He actually ducked when I grabbed a cup to get a drink\" She reassured, chuckling at the memory. \"What about Biggz?\" She raised her eyebrows in disbelief. \"Are you kidding? He couldn't fight me if he tried. But we haven't had a fight yet, so I don't know what I'd be like\" She shrugged. \"How is he?\" I asked, sighing as I turned to face her. \"Fine. Looks like shit though\" She replied. I nodded. \"As long as he's alive and kicking, I'm fine\" \"You know, you could always go up and see him\" She suggested. I rolled my eyes, pouring some mild in the cup. \"No way, he needs space and I get that\" \"You're so stubborn Tex! Just come up with me, please\" She begged, tugging at the back of my shirt. \"I don't know, I mean. What if he's still mad?\" \"He's not mad! He feels bad now, like really bad, guilty even. I'm not sure why but I assume it had something to do with last night\" She shrugged, still tugging my shirt. \"If I say yes will you stop nagging me?\" I asked, turning to face her. \"Yes! Definitely!\" She exclaimed in relief. I sighed and nodded. \"Fine, let me get changed and we'll go. But do me a favour and finish off the cuppa please\" I said as I headed towards the door. She nodded and I left the kitchen. We reached Biggzs' flat and I sighed nervously, crossing my arms as India pulled out her key. On one hand, I wanted to run back to my flat and lock myself in the bedroom, but on the other hand, I just wanted to get this over and done with. I'd have to face him sooner or later, and I'd rather soon than later. India twisted the key and pushed open the door, quickly pulling out her key and shoving it back into her pocket. She entered the flat, staring at me patiently until I finally followed her in. I took off my jacket, placing it on the coat hanger near the door. I immediately smelt cigarette smoke, but the smell relieved me in some way. Though it also made me nervous, because I knew that the boys would be around the corner. \"C'mon\" India whispered, lacing her fingers with mine for reassurance. I nodded and she smiled, leading me into the living room. The first thing I noticed when we entered was the two boys, smoking and laughing while they sat on the red sofa. I was actually quite surprised that Biggzs' mum let him smoke at home, though I soon realised that maybe he wasn't, and that he'd have to get rid of the smell before she came home from work. India walked towards the boys, leaning down to kiss Biggz. As those two decided to take it a step further with the PDA, I looked around the room awkwardly, crossing my arms as I leaned against the doorway. I may not have cared if she did it, but the sight of my sister snogging her boyfriend was a little uncomfortable. \"Okay, so this is how it's gonna go\" My sister started, rising to her full height \"You two...\" She gestured to me and Pest \"...are going to talk this out. Biggz, you're coming with me\" She finished, grabbing his hand and dragging him to his feet. \"Uh...a'right\" He sighed, following her into their bedroom, closing the door as they entered. As soon as they disappeared though, it became awkwardly silent out here. \"So\" I sighed, trying to start off the conversation. \"So\" He shrugged, staring at the blank TV in front of him. I rolled my eyes, walking in until I was able to sit on the arm of the sofa. \"Let's cut the bullshit, okay? Now I don't say this often, so don't get used to it. But I guess I'm sorry. What I said last night, it wasn't right to say to you. You can take care of yourself, I've seen you do it, it just slipped out and I couldn't take it back. And I'm so , so, so sorry for that\" I said, clasping my hands in my lap. \"Nah Tex, it weren't all your fault. I was bein' a knob\" He said, finally turning to face me. I smiled slightly, shuffling over so that I was fully sat on the sofa. \"I know, but I was being a bitch\" I sighed, resting my head against the back of the sofa. \"Tex, you need to know dat I would never hit yah\" He shook his head and I nodded, pulling my legs up onto the sofa \"I love yah and I would never hurt yah\" \"Yeah, I know. I don't even know why I thought you would, I just...\" I paused and shook my head, not sure how to explain it to him. \"You don' need to explain Tex, you didn' know if I would 'it yah or not, it ain't your fault\" He shrugged, placing the remains of his cigarette in the green ashtray. \"Look, I wasn't saying 'no' to the baby thing, I was just saying not yet. That's not bad is it?\" I asked hopefully. He sighed. \"Guess not, I shouldn' a kicked off on you either though. So I'm sorry too, but don' expect me to be sorry all the time\" I smiled in amusement. \"Ditto. So, are we good now?\" I asked, crossing my arms. \"Course we are yah nutter\" He chuckled, moving down the sofa until he was right next to me. I sighed in relief as he tightened his arms around my waist, tugging me onto his lap. I wrapped my arms around his neck, straddling his thighs to make it easier. \"So, think we should tell the other two that we're good?\" I asked, nodding towards India's and Biggzs' bedroom. \"Somefin' tells me they're pretty busy right now\" He sighed, shaking his head. I nodded in agreement. \"Yeah. So, you wanna go back to yours or what?\" I asked, looking down at him. \"Well, we could go back to mine and talk to my nan until she goes. Or , we could to yours and so somefin' better\" He hinted, sliding his hands down to my thighs. I rolled my eyes. \"I s'pose\" I sighed, shrugging as I tried to get to my feet. In a few short seconds, he flipped us around so that I was lying on my back, and he was resting in between my legs. \"I fuckin' love you\" He whispered, resting his forehead on mine \"Jus' remember that\" \"Course I will\" I replied. He nodded and smirked before leaning down. ","Summary":" Author's Note: So I watched this movie the other day and I found myself dying to do a fanfiction on"}]